Not for the fir t time, an argument had broken out over breakfa t at number four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Dur ley had been woken in the early hour  of the morning by a loud, hooting noi e from hi  nephew Harry’  room. “Third time thi  week!” he roared acro  the table. “If you can’t control that owl, it’ll have to go!” Harry tried, yet again, to explain. “She’  bored,” he  aid. “She’  u ed to flying around out ide. If I could ju t let her out at night —” “Do I look  tupid?”  narled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling from hi  bu hy mu tache. “I know what’ll happen if that owl’  let out.” He exchanged dark look  with hi  wife, Petunia. Harry tried to argue back but hi  word  were drowned by a long, loud belch from the Dur ley ’  on, Dudley. “I want more bacon.” “There’  more in the frying pan,  weetum ,”  aid Aunt Petunia, turning mi ty eye  on her ma ive  on. “We mu t build you up while we’ve got the chance.…I don’t like the  ound of that  chool food.…” “Non en e, Petunia, I never went hungry when I wa  at Smelting ,”  aid Uncle Vernon heartily. “Dudley get  enough, don’t you,  on?” Dudley, who wa   o large hi  bottom drooped over either  ide of the kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry. “Pa  the frying pan.” “You’ve forgotten the magic word,”  aid Harry irritably. The effect of thi   imple  entence on the re t of the family wa  incredible: Dudley ga ped and fell off hi  chair with a cra h that  hook the whole kitchen; Mr . Dur ley gave a  mall  cream and clapped her hand  to her mouth; Mr. Dur ley jumped to hi  feet, vein  throbbing in hi  temple . “I meant ‘plea e’!”  aid Harry quickly. “I didn’t mean —” “WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU,” thundered hi  uncle,  praying  pit over the table, “ABOUT SAYING THE ‘M’ WORD IN OUR HOUSE?” “But I —” “HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY!” roared Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with hi  fi t. “I ju t —” “I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!” Harry  tared from hi  purple-faced uncle to hi  pale aunt, who wa  trying to heave Dudley to hi  feet. “All right,”  aid Harry, “all right…” Uncle Vernon  at back down, breathing like a winded rhinocero  and watching Harry clo ely out of the corner  of hi   mall,  harp eye . Ever  ince Harry had come home for the  ummer holiday , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment, becau e Harry Potter wa n’t a normal boy. A  a matter of fact, he wa  a  not normal a  it i  po ible to be. Harry Potter wa  a wizard — a wizard fre h from hi  fir t year at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dur ley  were unhappy to have him back for the holiday , it wa  nothing to how Harry felt. He mi ed Hogwart   o much it wa  like having a con tant  tomachache. He mi ed the ca tle, with it   ecret pa ageway  and gho t , hi  cla e  (though perhap  not Snape, the Potion  ma ter), the mail arriving by owl, eating banquet  in the Great Hall,  leeping in hi  four-po ter bed in the tower dormitory, vi iting the gamekeeper, Hagrid, in hi  cabin next to the Forbidden Fore t in the ground , and, e pecially, Quidditch, the mo t popular  port in the wizarding world ( ix tall goal po t , four flying ball , and fourteen player  on broom tick ). All Harry’   pellbook , hi  wand, robe , cauldron, and top-of-the-line Nimbu  Two Thou and broom tick had been locked in a cupboard under the  tair  by Uncle Vernon the in tant Harry had come home. What did the Dur ley  care if Harry lo t hi  place on the Hou e Quidditch team becau e he hadn’t practiced all  ummer? What wa  it to the Dur ley  if Harry went back to  chool without any of hi  homework done? The Dur ley  were what wizard  called Muggle  (not a drop of magical blood in their vein ), and a  far a  they were concerned, having a wizard in the family wa  a matter of deepe t  hame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked Harry’  owl, Hedwig, in ide her cage, to  top her from carrying me age  to anyone in the wizarding world. Harry looked nothing like the re t of the family. Uncle Vernon wa  large and neckle , with an enormou  black mu tache; Aunt Petunia wa  hor e-faced and bony; Dudley wa  blond, pink, and porky. Harry, on the other hand, wa   mall and  kinny, with brilliant green eye  and jet-black hair that wa  alway  untidy. He wore round gla e , and on hi  forehead wa  a thin, lightning- haped  car. It wa  thi   car that made Harry  o particularly unu ual, even for a wizard. Thi   car wa  the only hint of Harry’  very my teriou  pa t, of the rea on he had been left on the Dur ley ’ door tep eleven year  before. At the age of one year old, Harry had  omehow  urvived a cur e from the greate t Dark  orcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, who e name mo t witche  and wizard   till feared to  peak. Harry’  parent  had died in Voldemort’  attack, but Harry had e caped with hi  lightning  car, and  omehow — nobody under tood why —Voldemort’  power  had been de troyed the in tant he had failed to kill Harry. So Harry had been brought up by hi  dead mother’   i ter and her hu band. He had  pent ten year  with the Dur ley , never under tanding why he kept making odd thing  happen without meaning to, believing the Dur ley ’  tory that he had got hi   car in the car cra h that had killed hi  parent . And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwart  had written to Harry, and the whole  tory had come out. Harry had taken up hi  place at wizard  chool, where he and hi   car were famou …but now the  chool year wa  over, and he wa  back with the Dur ley  for the  ummer, back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in  omething  melly. The Dur ley  hadn’t even remembered that today happened to be Harry’  twelfth birthday. Of cour e, hi  hope  hadn’t been high; they’d never given him a real pre ent, let alone a cake — but to ignore it completely… At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared hi  throat importantly and  aid, “Now, a  we all know, today i  a very important day.” Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it. “Thi  could well be the day I make the bigge t deal of my career,”  aid Uncle Vernon. Harry went back to hi  toa t. Of cour e, he thought bitterly, Uncle Vernon wa  talking about the  tupid dinner party. He’d been talking of nothing el e for two week . Some rich builder and hi  wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon wa  hoping to get a huge order from him (Uncle Vernon’  company made drill ). “I think we  hould run through the  chedule one more time,”  aid Uncle Vernon. “We  hould all be in po ition at eight o’clock. Petunia, you will be —?” “In the lounge,”  aid Aunt Petunia promptly, “waiting to welcome them graciou ly to our home.” “Good, good. And Dudley?” “I’ll be waiting to open the door.” Dudley put on a foul,  impering  mile. “May I take your coat , Mr. and Mr . Ma on?” “They’ll love him!” cried Aunt Petunia rapturou ly. “Excellent, Dudley,”  aid Uncle Vernon. Then he rounded on Harry. “And you?” “I’ll be in my bedroom, making no noi e and pretending I’m not there,”  aid Harry tonele ly. “Exactly,”  aid Uncle Vernon na tily. “I will lead them into the lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour them drink . At eight-fifteen —” “I’ll announce dinner,”  aid Aunt Petunia. “And, Dudley, you’ll  ay —” “May I take you through to the dining room, Mr . Ma on?”  aid Dudley, offering hi  fat arm to an invi ible woman. “My perfect little gentleman!”  niffed Aunt Petunia. “And you?”  aid Uncle Vernon viciou ly to Harry. “I’ll be in my room, making no noi e and pretending I’m not there,”  aid Harry dully. “Preci ely. Now, we  hould aim to get in a few good compliment  at dinner. Petunia, any idea ?” “Vernon tell  me you’re a wonderful golfer, Mr. Ma on….Do tell me where you bought your dre , Mr . Ma on….” “Perfect…Dudley?” “How about —‘We had to write an e ay about our hero at  chool, Mr. Ma on, and I wrote about you.’” Thi  wa  too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry. Aunt Petunia bur t into tear  and hugged her  on, while Harry ducked under the table  o they wouldn’t  ee him laughing. “And you, boy?” Harry fought to keep hi  face  traight a  he emerged. “I’ll be in my room, making no noi e and pretending I’m not there,” he  aid. “Too right, you will.”  aid Uncle Vernon forcefully. “The Ma on  don’t know anything about you and it’  going to  tay that way. When dinner’  over, you take Mr . Ma on back to the lounge for coffee, Petunia, and I’ll bring the  ubject around to drill . With any luck, I’ll have the deal  igned and  ealed before the new  at ten. be  hopping for a vacation home in Majorca thi  time to morrow.” Harry couldn’t feel too excited about thi . He didn’t think the Dur ley  would like him any better in Majorca than they did on Privet Drive. “Right — I’m off into town to pick up the dinner jacket  for Dudley and me. And you,” he  narled at Harry. “You  tay out of your aunt’  way while  he’  cleaning.” Harry left through the back door. It wa  a brilliant,  unny day. He cro ed the lawn,  lumped down on the garden bench, and  ang under hi  breath: “Happy birthday to me…happy birthday to me…” No card , no pre ent , and he would be  pending the evening pretending not to exi t. He gazed mi erably into the hedge. He had never felt  o lonely. More than anything el e at Hogwart , more even than playing Quidditch, Harry mi ed hi  be t friend , Ron Wea ley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didn’t  eem to be mi ing him at all. Neither of them had written to him all  ummer, even though Ron had  aid he wa  going to a k Harry to come and  tay. Countle  time , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig’  cage by magic and  ending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter, but it wa n’t worth the ri k. Underage wizard  weren’t allowed to u e magic out ide of  chool. Harry hadn’t told the Dur ley  thi ; he knew it wa  only their terror that he might turn them all into dung beetle  that  topped them from locking him in the cupboard under the  tair  with hi  wand and broom tick. For the fir t couple of week  back, Harry had enjoyed muttering non en e word  under hi  breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room a  fa t a  hi  fat leg  would carry him. But the long  ilence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel  o cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lo t it  appeal — and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten hi  birthday. What wouldn’t he give now for a me age from Hogwart ? From any witch or wizard? He’d almo t be glad of a  ight of hi  archenemy, Draco Malfoy, ju t to be  ure it hadn’t all been a dream.… Not that hi  whole year at Hogwart  had been fun. At the very end of la t term, Harry had come face-to-face with none other than Lord Voldemort him elf. Voldemort might be a ruin of hi  former  elf, but he wa   till terrifying,  till cunning,  till determined to regain power. Harry had  lipped through Voldemort’  clutche  for a  econd time, but it had been a narrow e cape, and even now, week  later, Harry kept waking in the night, drenched in cold  weat, wondering where Voldemort wa  now, remembering hi  livid face, hi  wide, mad eye  — Harry  uddenly  at bolt upright on the garden bench. He had been  taring ab ent-mindedly into the hedge —and the hedge wa   taring back. Two enormou  green eye  had appeared among the leave . Harry jumped to hi  feet ju t a  a jeering voice floated acro  the lawn. “I know what day it i ,”  ang Dudley, waddling toward him. The huge eye  blinked and vani hed. “What?”  aid Harry, not taking hi  eye  off the  pot where they had been. “I know what day it i ,” Dudley repeated, coming right up to him. “Well done,”  aid Harry. “So you’ve finally learned the day  of the week.” “Today’  your birthday,”  neered Dudley. “How come you haven’t got any card ? Haven’t you even got friend  at that freak place?” “Better not let your mum hear you talking about my  chool,”  aid Harry coolly. Dudley hitched up hi  trou er , which were  lipping down hi  fat bottom. “Why’re you  taring at the hedge?” he  aid  u piciou ly. “I’m trying to decide what would be the be t  pell to  et it on fire,”  aid Harry. Dudley  tumbled backward at once, a look of panic on hi  fat face. “You c-can’t — Dad told you you’re not to do m-magic — he  aid he’ll chuck you out of the hou e — and you haven’t got anywhere el e to go — you haven’t got any friend  to take you —” “Jiggery pokery!”  aid Harry in a fierce voice. “Hocu  pocu  —  quiggly wiggly —” “MUUUUUUM!” howled Dudley, tripping over hi  feet a  he da hed back toward the hou e. “MUUUUM! He’  doing you know what!” Harry paid dearly for hi  moment of fun. A  neither Dudley nor the hedge wa  in any way hurt, Aunt Petunia knew he hadn’t really done magic, but he  till had to duck a   he aimed a heavy blow at hi  head with the  oapy frying pan. Then  he gave him work to do, with the promi e he wouldn’t eat again until he’d fini hed. While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice cream, Harry cleaned the window , wa hed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed the flowerbed , pruned and watered the ro e , and repainted the garden bench. The  un blazed overhead, burning the back of hi  neck. Harry knew he  houldn’t have ri en to Dudley’  bait, but Dudley had  aid the very thing Harry had been thinking him elf…maybe he didn’t have any friend  at Hogwart .… Wi h they could  ee famou  Harry Potter now, he thought  avagely a  he  pread manure on the flower bed , hi  back aching,  weat running down hi  face. It wa  half pa t  even in the evening when at la t, exhau ted, he heard Aunt Petunia calling him. “Get in here! And walk on the new paper!” Harry moved gladly into the  hade of the gleaming kitchen. On top of the fridge  tood tonight’  pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream and  ugared violet . A loin of roa t pork wa   izzling in the oven. “Eat quickly! The Ma on  will be here  oon!”  napped Aunt Petunia, pointing to two  lice  of bread and a lump of chee e on the kitchen table. She wa  already wearing a  almon-pink cocktail dre . Harry wa hed hi  hand  and bolted down hi  pitiful  upper. The moment he had fini hed, Aunt Petunia whi ked away hi  plate. “Up tair ! Hurry!” A  he pa ed the door to the living room, Harry caught a glimp e of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow tie  and dinner jacket . He had only ju t reached the up tair  landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon’  furiou  face appeared at the foot of the  tair . “Remember, boy — one  ound —” Harry cro ed to hi  bedroom on tiptoe  lipped in ide, clo ed the door, and turned to collap e on hi  bed. The trouble wa , there wa  already  omeone  itting on it. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER TWO DOBBY’S WARNING H arry managed not to  hout out, but it wa  a clo e thing. The little creature on the bed had large, bat-like ear  and bulging green eye  the  ize of tenni  ball . Harry knew in tantly that thi  wa  what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning. A  they  tared at each other, Harry heard Dudley’  voice from the hall. “May I take your coat , Mr. and Mr . Ma on?” The creature  lipped off the bed and bowed  o low that the end of it  long, thin no e touched the carpet. Harry noticed that it wa  wearing what looked like an old pillowca e, with rip  for arm- and leg-hole . “Er — hello,”  aid Harry nervou ly. “Harry Potter!”  aid the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry wa   ure would carry down the  tair . “So long ha  Dobby wanted to meet you,  ir…Such an honor it i .…” “Th-thank you,”  aid Harry, edging along the wall and  inking into hi  de k chair, next to Hedwig, who wa  a leep in her large cage. He wanted to a k, “What are you?” but thought it would  ound too rude,  o in tead he  aid, “Who are you?” “Dobby,  ir. Ju t Dobby. Dobby the hou e-elf,”  aid the creature. “Oh — really?”  aid Harry. “Er — I don’t want to be rude or anything, but — thi  i n’t a great time for me to have a hou e-elf in my bedroom.” Aunt Petunia  high, fal e laugh  ounded from the living room. The elf hung hi  head. “Not that I’m not plea ed to meet you,”  aid Harry quickly, “but, er, i  there any particular rea on you’re here?” “Oh, ye ,  ir,”  aid Dobby earne tly. “Dobby ha  come to tell you,  ir…it i  difficult,  ir…Dobby wonder  where to begin.…” “Sit down,”  aid Harry politely, pointing at the bed. To hi  horror, the elf bur t into tear  — very noi y tear . “S- it down!” he wailed. “Never …never ever…” Harry thought he heard the voice  down tair  falter. “I’m  orry,” he whi pered, “I didn’t mean to offend you or anything —” “Offend Dobby!” choked the elf. “Dobby ha  never been a ked to  it down by a wizard — like an equal —” Harry, trying to  ay “Shh!” and look comforting at the  ame time, u hered Dobby back onto the bed where he  at hiccoughing, looking like a large and very ugly doll. At la t he managed to control him elf, and  at with hi  great eye  fixed on Harry in an expre ion of watery adoration. “You can’t have met many decent wizard ,”  aid Harry, trying to cheer him up. Dobby  hook hi  head. Then, without warning, he leapt up and  tarted banging hi  head furiou ly on the window,  houting, “Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!” “Don’t — what are you doing?” Harry hi ed,  pringing up and pulling Dobby back onto the bed — Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud  creech and wa  beating her wing  wildly again t the bar  of her cage. “Dobby had to puni h him elf,  ir,”  aid the elf, who had gone  lightly cro -eyed. “Dobby almo t  poke ill of hi  family,  ir.…” “Your family?” “The wizard family Dobby  erve ,  ir.…Dobby i  a hou e-elf — bound to  erve one hou e and one family forever.…” “Do they know you’re here?” a ked Harry curiou ly. Dobby  huddered. “Oh, no,  ir, no…Dobby will have to puni h him elf mo t grievou ly for coming to  ee you,  ir. Dobby will have to  hut hi  ear  in the oven door for thi . If they ever knew,  ir —” “But won’t they notice if you  hut your ear  in the oven door?” “Dobby doubt  it,  ir. Dobby i  alway  having to puni h him elf for  omething,  ir. They let  Dobby get on with it,  ir. Sometime  they remind  me to do extra puni hment .…” “But why don’t you leave? E cape?” “A hou e-elf mu t be  et free,  ir. And the family will never  et Dobby free…Dobby will  erve the family until he die ,  ir.…” Harry  tared. “And I thought I had it bad  taying here for another four week ,” he  aid. “Thi  make  the Dur ley   ound almo t human. Can’t anyone help you? Can’t I?” Almo t at once, Harry wi hed he hadn’t  poken. Dobby di olved again into wail  of gratitude. “Plea e,” Harry whi pered frantically, “plea e be quiet. If the Dur ley  hear anything, if they know you’re here —” “Harry Potter a k  if he can help Dobby…Dobby ha  heard of your greatne ,  ir, but of your goodne , Dobby never knew.…” Harry, who wa  feeling di tinctly hot in the face,  aid, “Whatever you’ve heard about my greatne  i  a load of rubbi h. I’m not even top of my year at Hogwart ; that’  Hermione,  he —” But he  topped quickly, becau e thinking about Hermione wa  painful. “Harry Potter i  humble and mode t,”  aid Dobby reverently, hi  orb-like eye  aglow. “Harry Potter  peak  not of hi  triumph over He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named —” “Voldemort?”  aid Harry. Dobby clapped hi  hand  over hi  bat ear  and moaned, “Ah,  peak not the name,  ir! Speak not the name!” “Sorry,”  aid Harry quickly. “I know lot  of people don’t like it. My friend Ron —” He  topped again. Thinking about Ron wa  painful, too. Dobby leaned toward Harry, hi  eye  wide a  headlight . “Dobby heard tell,” he  aid hoar ely, “that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a  econd time ju t week  ago…that Harry Potter e caped yet again.” Harry nodded and Dobby’  eye   uddenly  hone with tear . “Ah,  ir,” he ga ped, dabbing hi  face with a corner of the grubby pillowca e he wa  wearing. “Harry Potter i  valiant and bold! He ha  braved  o many danger  already! But Dobby ha  come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he doe  have to  hut hi  ear  in the oven door later.…Harry Potter mu t not go back to Hogwart .” There wa  a  ilence broken only by the chink of knive  and fork  from down tair  and the di tant rumble of Uncle Vernon’  voice. “W-what?” Harry  tammered. “But I’ve got to go back — term  tart  on September fir t. It’  all that’  keeping me going. You don’t know what it’  like here. I don’t belong here. I belong in your world — at Hogwart .” “No, no, no,”  queaked Dobby,  haking hi  head  o hard hi  ear  flapped. “Harry Potter mu t  tay where he i   afe. He i  too great, too good, to lo e. If Harry Potter goe  back to Hogwart , he will be in mortal danger.” “Why?”  aid Harry in  urpri e. “There i  a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make mo t terrible thing  happen at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry thi  year,” whi pered Dobby,  uddenly trembling all over. “Dobby ha  known it for month ,  ir. Harry Potter mu t not put him elf in peril. He i  too important,  ir!” “What terrible thing ?”  aid Harry at once. “Who’  plotting them?” Dobby made a funny choking noi e and then banged hi  head frantically again t the wall. “All right!” cried Harry, grabbing the elf’  arm to  top him. “You can’t tell me. I under tand. But why are you warning me?” A  udden, unplea ant thought  truck him. “Hang on — thi  ha n’t got anything to do with Vol- —  orry — with You-Know-Who, ha  it? You could ju t  hake or nod,” he added ha tily a  Dobby’  head tilted worryingly clo e to the wall again. Slowly, Dobby  hook hi  head. “Not — not He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named,  ir —” But Dobby’  eye  were wide and he  eemed to be trying to give Harry a hint. Harry, however, wa  completely lo t. “He ha n’t got a brother, ha  he?” Dobby  hook hi  head, hi  eye  wider than ever. “Well then, I can’t think who el e would have a chance of making horrible thing  happen at Hogwart ,”  aid Harry. “I mean, there’  Dumbledore, for one thing — you know who Dumbledore i , don’t you?” Dobby bowed hi  head. “Albu  Dumbledore i  the greate t headma ter Hogwart  ha  ever had. Dobby know  it,  ir. Dobby ha  heard Dumbledore’  power  rival tho e of He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named at the height of hi   trength. But,  ir” — Dobby’  voice dropped to an urgent whi per — “there are power  Dumbledore doe n’t…power  no decent wizard…” And before Harry could  top him, Dobby bounded off the bed,  eized Harry’  de k lamp, and  tarted beating him elf around the head with ear plitting yelp . A  udden  ilence fell down tair . Two  econd  later Harry, heart thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon coming into the hall, calling, “Dudley mu t have left hi  televi ion on again, the little tyke!” “Quick! In the clo et!” hi ed Harry,  tuffing Dobby in,  hutting the door, and flinging him elf onto the bed ju t a  the door handle turned. “What — the — devil — are — you — doing?”  aid Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth, hi  face horribly clo e to Harry’ . “You’ve ju t ruined the punch line of my Japane e golfer joke.…One more  ound and you’ll wi h you’d never been born, boy!” He  tomped flat-footed from the room. Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the clo et. “See what it’  like here?” he  aid. “See why I’ve got to go back to Hogwart ? It’  the only place I’ve got — well, I think I’ve got friend .” “Friend  who don’t even write to Harry Potter?”  aid Dobby  lyly. “I expect they’ve ju t been — wait a minute,”  aid Harry, frowning. “How do you know my friend  haven’t been writing to me?” Dobby  huffled hi  feet. “Harry Potter mu tn’t be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the be t —” “Have you been  topping my letter ?” “Dobby ha  them here,  ir,”  aid the elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harry’  reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelope  from the in ide of the pillowca e he wa  wearing. Harry could make out Hermione’  neat writing, Ron’  untidy  crawl, and even a  cribble that looked a  though it wa  from the Hogwart  gamekeeper, Hagrid. Dobby blinked anxiou ly up at Harry. “Harry Potter mu tn’t be angry.…Dobby hoped…if Harry Potter thought hi  friend  had forgotten him…Harry Potter might not want to go back to  chool,  ir.…” Harry wa n’t li tening. He made a grab for the letter , but Dobby jumped out of reach. “Harry Potter will have them,  ir, if he give  Dobby hi  word that he will not return to Hogwart . Ah,  ir, thi  i  a danger you mu t not face! Say you won’t go back,  ir!” “No,”  aid Harry angrily. “Give me my friend ’ letter !” “Then Harry Potter leave  Dobby no choice,”  aid the elf  adly. Before Harry could move, Dobby had darted to the bedroom door, pulled it open, and  printed down the  tair . Mouth dry,  tomach lurching, Harry  prang after him, trying not to make a  ound. He jumped the la t  ix  tep , landing catlike on the hall carpet, looking around for Dobby. From the dining room he heard Uncle Vernon  aying, “…tell Petunia that very funny  tory about tho e American plumber , Mr. Ma on. She’  been dying to hear…” Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt hi   tomach di appear. Aunt Petunia’  ma terpiece of a pudding, the mountain of cream and  ugared violet , wa  floating up near the ceiling. On top of a cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby. “No,” croaked Harry. “Plea e…they’ll kill me.…” “Harry Potter mu t  ay he’  not going back to  chool —” “Dobby…plea e…” “Say it,  ir —” “I can’t —” Dobby gave him a tragic look. “Then Dobby mu t do it,  ir, for Harry Potter’  own good.” The pudding fell to the floor with a heart- topping cra h. Cream  plattered the window  and wall  a  the di h  hattered. With a crack like a whip, Dobby vani hed. There were  cream  from the dining room and Uncle Vernon bur t into the kitchen to find Harry, rigid with  hock, covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia’  pudding. At fir t, it looked a  though Uncle Vernon would manage to glo  the whole thing over. (“Ju t our nephew —very di turbed — meeting  tranger  up et  him,  o we kept him up tair .…”) He  hooed the  hocked Ma on  back into the dining room, promi ed Harry he would flay him to within an inch of hi  life when the Ma on  had left, and handed him a mop. Aunt Petunia dug  ome ice cream out of the freezer and Harry,  till  haking,  tarted  crubbing the kitchen clean. Uncle Vernon might  till have been able to make hi  deal — if it hadn’t been for the owl. Aunt Petunia wa  ju t pa ing around a box of after-dinner mint  when a huge barn owl  wooped through the dining room window, dropped a letter on Mr . Ma on’  head, and  wooped out again. Mr . Ma on  creamed like a ban hee and ran from the hou e  houting about lunatic . Mr. Ma on  tayed ju t long enough to tell the Dur ley  that hi  wife wa  mortally afraid of bird  of all  hape  and  ize , and to a k whether thi  wa  their idea of a joke. Harry  tood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for  upport, a  Uncle Vernon advanced on him, a demonic glint in hi  tiny eye . “Read it!” he hi ed evilly, brandi hing the letter the owl had delivered. “Go on — read it!” Harry took it. It did not contain birthday greeting . Dear Mr. Potter, We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm wa  u ed at your place of re idence thi  evening at twelve minute  pa t nine. A  you know, underage wizard  are not permitted to perform  pell  out ide  chool, and further  pellwork on your part may lead to expul ion from  aid  chool. (Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C). We would al o a k you to remember that any magical activity that ri k  notice by member  of the non magical community (Muggle ) i  a  eriou  offen e under  ection 13 of the International Confederation of Warlock ’ Statute of Secrecy. Enjoy your holiday ! Your   incerely, Mafalda Hopkirk IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE Mini try of Magic Harry looked up from the letter and gulped. “You didn’t tell u  you weren’t allowed to u e magic out ide  chool,”  aid Uncle Vernon, a mad gleam dancing in hi  eye . “Forgot to mention it.…Slipped your mind, I dare ay.…” He wa  bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, all hi  teeth bared. “Well, I’ve got new  for you, boy.…I’m locking you up.…You’re never going back to that  chool…never…and if you try and magic your elf out — they’ll expel you!” And laughing like a maniac, he dragged Harry back up tair . Uncle Vernon wa  a  bad a  hi  word. The following morning, he paid a man to fit bar  on Harry’  window. He him elf fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door,  o that  mall amount  of food could be pu hed in ide three time  a day. They let Harry out to u e the bathroom morning and evening. Otherwi e, he wa  locked in hi  room around the clock. Three day  later, the Dur ley  were  howing no  ign of relenting, and Harry couldn’t  ee any way out of hi   ituation. He lay on hi  bed watching the  un  inking behind the bar  on the window and wondered mi erably what wa  going to happen to him. What wa  the good of magicking him elf out of hi  room if Hogwart  would expel him for doing it? Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low. Now that the Dur ley  knew they weren’t going to wake up a  fruit bat , he had lo t hi  only weapon. Dobby might have  aved Harry from horrible happening  at Hogwart , but the way thing  were going, he’d probably  tarve to death anyway. The cat-flap rattled and Aunt Petunia  hand appeared, pu hing a bowl of canned  oup into the room. Harry, who e in ide  were aching with hunger, jumped off hi  bed and  eized it. The  oup wa   tone-cold, but he drank half of it in one gulp. Then he cro ed the room to Hedwig’  cage and tipped the  oggy vegetable  at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray. She ruffled her feather  and gave him a look of deep di gu t. “It’  no good turning your beak up at it — that’  all we’ve got,”  aid Harry grimly. He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed,  omehow even hungrier than he had been before the  oup. Suppo ing he wa   till alive in another four week , hat would happen if he didn’t turn up at Hogwart ? Would  omeone be  ent to  ee why he hadn’t come back? Would they be able to make the Dur ley  let him go? The room wa  growing dark. Exhau ted,  tomach rumbling, mind  pinning over the  ame unan werable que tion , Harry fell into an unea y  leep. He dreamed that he wa  on  how in a zoo, with a card reading UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to hi  cage. People goggled through the bar  at him a  he lay,  tarving and weak, on a bed of  traw. He  aw Dobby’  face in the crowd and  houted out, a king for help, but Dobby called, “Harry Potter i   afe there,  ir!” and vani hed. Then the Dur ley  appeared and Dudley rattled the bar  of the cage, laughing at him. “Stop it,” Harry muttered a  the rattling pounded in hi   ore head. “Leave me alone…cut it out…I’m trying to  leep.…” He opened hi  eye . Moonlight wa   hining through the bar  on the window. And  omeone wa  goggling through the bar  at him: a freckle-faced, red-haired, long-no ed  omeone. Ron Wea ley wa  out ide Harry’  window. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER THREE THE BURROW “ R on .” breathed Harry, creeping to the window and pu hing it up  o they could talk through the bar . “Ron, how did you —? What the —?” Harry’  mouth fell open a  the full impact of what he wa   eeing hit him. Ron wa  leaning out of the back window of an old turquoi e car, which wa  parked in midair. Grinning at Harry from the front  eat  were Fred and George, Ron’  elder twin brother . “All right, Harry?” a ked George. “What’  been going on?”  aid Ron. “Why haven’t you been an wering my letter ? I’ve a ked you to  tay about twelve time , and then Dad came home and  aid you’d got an official warning for u ing magic in front of Muggle  —” “It wa n’t me — and how did he know?” “He work  for the Mini try,”  aid Ron. “You know we’re not  uppo ed to do  pell  out ide  chool —” “You  hould talk,”  aid Harry,  taring at the floating car. “Oh, thi  doe n’t count,”  aid Ron. “We’re only borrowing thi . It’  Dad’ , we didn’t enchant it. But doing magic in front of tho e Muggle  you live with —” “I told you, I didn’t — but it’ll take too long to explain now — look, can you tell them at Hogwart  that the Dur ley  have locked me up and won’t let me come back, and obviou ly I can’t magic my elf out, becau e the Mini try’ll think that’  the  econd  pell I’ve done in three day ,  o —” “Stop gibbering,”  aid Ron. “We’ve come to take you home with u .” “But you can’t magic me out either —” “We don’t need to,”  aid Ron, jerking hi  head toward the front  eat and grinning. “You forget who I’ve got with me.” “Tie that around the bar ,”  aid Fred, throwing the end of a rope to Harry. “If the Dur ley  wake up, I’m dead,”  aid Harry a  he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car. “Don’t worry,”  aid Fred, “and  tand back.” Harry moved back into the  hadow  next to Hedwig, who  eemed to have realized how important thi  wa  and kept  till and  ilent. The car revved louder and louder and  uddenly, with a crunching noi e, the bar  were pulled clean out of the window a  Fred drove  traight up in the air. Harry ran back to the window to  ee the bar  dangling a few feet above the ground. Panting, Ron hoi ted them up into the car. Harry li tened anxiou ly, but there wa  no  ound from the Dur ley ’ bedroom. When the bar  were  afely in the back  eat with Ron, Fred rever ed a  clo e a  po ible to Harry’  window. “Get in,” Ron  aid. “But all my Hogwart   tuff — my wand — my broom tick —” “Where i  it?” “Locked in the cupboard under the  tair , and I can’t get out of thi  room —” “No problem,”  aid George from the front pa enger  eat. “Out of the way, Harry.” Fred and George climbed catlike through the window into Harry’  room. You had to hand it to them, thought Harry, a  George took an ordinary hairpin from hi  pocket and  tarted to pick the lock. “A lot of wizard  think it’  a wa te of time, knowing thi   ort of Muggle trick,”  aid Fred, “but we feel they’re  kill  worth learning, even if they are a bit  low.” There wa  a  mall click and the door  wung open. “So — we’ll get your trunk — you grab anything you need from your room and hand it out to Ron,” whi pered George. “Watch out for the bottom  tair — it creak ,” Harry whi pered back a  the twin  di appeared onto the dark landing. Harry da hed around hi  room, collecting hi  thing  and pa ing them out of the window to Ron. Then he went to help Fred and George heave hi  trunk up the  tair . Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough. At la t, panting, they reached the landing, then carried the trunk through Harry’  room to the open window. Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pu hed from the bedroom  ide. Inch by inch, the trunk  lid through the window. Uncle Vernon coughed again. “A bit more,” panted Fred, who wa  pulling from in ide the car. “One good pu h —” Harry and George threw their  houlder  again t the trunk and it  lid out of the window into the back  eat of the car. “Okay, let’  go,” George whi pered. But a  Harry climbed onto the window ill there came a  udden loud  creech from behind him, followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon’  voice. “THAT RUDDY OWL!” “I’ve forgotten Hedwig!” Harry tore back acro  the room a  the landing light clicked on — he  natched up Hedwig’  cage, da hed to the window, and pa ed it out to Ron. He wa   crambling back onto the che t of drawer  when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door — and it cra hed open. For a  plit  econd, Uncle Vernon  tood framed in the doorway; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle. Ron, Fred, and George  eized Harry’  arm  and pulled a  hard a  they could. “Petunia!” roared Uncle Vernon. “He’  getting away! HE’S GETTING AWAY!” But the Wea ley  gave a gigantic tug and Harry’  leg  lid out of Uncle Vernon’  gra p — Harry wa  in the car — he’d  lammed the door  hut — “Put your foot down, Fred!” yelled Ron, and the car  hot  uddenly toward the moon. Harry couldn’t believe it — he wa  free. He rolled down the window, the night air whipping hi  hair, and looked back at the  hrinking rooftop  of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were all hanging, dumb truck, out of Harry’  window. “See you next  ummer!” Harry yelled. The Wea ley  roared with laughter and Harry  ettled back in hi   eat, grinning from ear to ear. “Let Hedwig out,” he told Ron. “She can fly behind u . She ha n’t had a chance to  tretch her wing  for age .” George handed the hairpin to Ron and, a moment later, Hedwig  oared joyfully out of the window to glide along ide them like a gho t. “So — what’  the  tory, Harry?”  aid Ron impatiently. “What’  been happening?” Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning he’d given Harry and the fia co of the violet pudding. There wa  a long,  hocked  ilence when he had fini hed. “Very fi hy,”  aid Fred finally. “Definitely dodgy” agreed George. “So he wouldn’t even tell you who’   uppo ed to be plotting all thi   tuff?” “I don’t think he could,”  aid Harry. “I told you, every time he got clo e to letting  omething  lip, he  tarted banging hi  head again t the wall.” He  aw Fred and George look at each other. “What, you think he wa  lying to me?”  aid Harry. “Well,”  aid Fred, “put it thi  way — hou e-elve  have got powerful magic of their own, but they can’t u ually u e it without their ma ter’  permi ion. I reckon old Dobby wa   ent to  top you coming back to Hogwart . Someone’  idea of a joke. Can you think of anyone at  chool with a grudge again t you?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry and Ron together, in tantly. “Draco Malfoy,” Harry explained. “He hate  me.” “Draco Malfoy?”  aid George, turning around. “Not Luciu  Malfoy’   on?” “Mu t be, it’  not a very common name, i  it?”  aid Harry. “I’ve heard Dad talking about him,”  aid George. “He wa  a big  upporter of You-Know-Who.” “And when You-Know-Who di appeared,”  aid Fred, craning around to look at Harry, “Luciu  Malfoy came back  aying he’d never meant any of it. Load of dung — Dad reckon  he wa  right in You- Know-Who’  inner circle.” Harry had heard the e rumor  about Malfoy’  family before, and they didn’t  urpri e him at all. Malfoy made Dudley Dur ley look like a kind, thoughtful, and  en itive boy.… “I don’t know whether the Malfoy  own a hou e-elf.…”  aid Harry. “Well, whoever own  him will be an old wizarding family, and they’ll be rich,”  aid Fred. “Yeah, Mum’  alway  wi hing we had a hou e-elf to do the ironing,”  aid George. “But all we’ve got i  a lou y old ghoul in the attic and gnome  all over the garden. Hou e-elve  come with big old manor  and ca tle  and place  like that; you wouldn’t catch one in our hou e.…” Harry wa   ilent. Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy u ually had the be t of everything, hi  family wa  rolling in wizard gold; he could ju t  ee Malfoy  trutting around a large manor hou e. Sending the family  ervant to  top Harry from going back to Hogwart  al o  ounded exactly like the  ort of thing Malfoy would do. Had Harry been  tupid to take Dobby  eriou ly? “I’m glad we came to get you, anyway,”  aid Ron. “I wa  getting really worried when you didn’t an wer any of my letter . I thought it wa  Errol’  fault at fir t —” “Who’  Errol?” “Our owl. He’  ancient. It wouldn’t be the fir t time he’d collap ed on a delivery. So then I tried to borrow Herme  —” “Who?” “The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he wa  made prefect,”  aid Fred from the front. “But Percy wouldn’t lend him to me,”  aid Ron. “Said he needed him.” “Percy’  been acting very oddly thi   ummer,”  aid George, frowning. “And he ha  been  ending a lot of letter  and  pending a load of time  hut up in hi  room.…I mean, there’  only  o many time  you can poli h a prefect badge.…You’re driving too far we t, Fred,” he added, pointing at a compa  on the da hboard. Fred twiddled the  teering wheel. “So, doe  your dad know you’ve got the car?”  aid Harry, gue ing the an wer. “Er, no,”  aid Ron, “he had to work tonight. Hopefully we’ll be able to get it back in the garage without Mum noticing we flew it.” “What doe  your dad do at the Mini try of Magic, anyway?” “He work  in the mo t boring department,”  aid Ron. “The Mi u e of Muggle Artifact  Office.” “The what?” “It’  all to do with bewitching thing  that are Muggle-made, you know, in ca e they end up back in a Muggle  hop or hou e. Like, la t year,  ome old witch died and her tea  et wa   old to an antique   hop. Thi  Muggle woman bought it, took it home, and tried to  erve her friend  tea in it. It wa  a nightmare — Dad wa  working overtime for week .” “What happened?” “The teapot went ber erk and  quirted boiling tea all over the place and one man ended up in the ho pital with the  ugar tong  clamped to hi  no e. Dad wa  going frantic — it’  only him and an old warlock called Perkin  in the office — and they had to do Memory Charm  and all  ort  of  tuff to cover it up —” “But your dad — thi  car —” Fred laughed. “Yeah, Dad’  crazy about everything to do with Muggle ; our  hed’  full of Muggle  tuff. He take  it apart, put   pell  on it, and put  it back together again. If he raided our hou e he’d have to put him elf under arre t. It drive  Mum mad.” “That’  the main road,”  aid George, peering down through the wind hield. “We’ll be there in ten minute .… Ju t a  well, it’  getting light.…” A faint pinki h glow wa  vi ible along the horizon to the ea t. Fred brought the car lower, and Harry  aw a dark patchwork of field  and clump  of tree . “We’re a little way out ide the village,”  aid George. “Ottery St. Catchpole.” Lower and lower went the flying car. The edge of a brilliant red  un wa  now gleaming through the tree . “Touchdown!”  aid Fred a , with a  light bump, they hit the ground. They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a  mall yard, and Harry looked out for the fir t time at Ron’  hou e. It looked a  though it had once been a large  tone pigpen, but extra room  had been added here and there until it wa   everal  torie  high and  o crooked it looked a  though it were held up by magic (which Harry reminded him elf, it probably wa ). Four or five chimney  were perched on top of the red roof. A lop ided  ign  tuck in the ground near the entrance read, THE BURROW . Around the front door lay a jumble of rubber boot  and a very ru ty cauldron. Several fat brown chicken  were pecking their way around the yard. “It’  not much,”  aid Ron. “It’  wonderful,”  aid Harry happily, thinking of Privet Drive. They got out of the car. “Now, we’ll go up tair  really quietly,”  aid Fred, “and wait for Mum to call u  for breakfa t Then, Ron, you come bounding down tair  going, ‘Mum, look who turned up in the night!’ and  he’ll be all plea ed to  ee Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car.” “Right,”  aid Ron. “Come on, Harry, I  leep at the — at the top —” Ron had gone a na ty greeni h color, hi  eye  fixed on the hou e. The other three wheeled around. Mr . Wea ley wa  marching acro  the yard,  cattering chicken , and for a  hort, plump, kind-faced woman, it wa  remarkable how much  he looked like a  aber-toothed tiger. “Ah, “ aid Fred. “Oh, dear,”  aid George. Mr . Wea ley came to a halt in front of them, her hand  on her hip ,  taring from one guilty face to the next. She wa  wearing a flowered apron with a wand  ticking out of the pocket. “So,”  he  aid. “Morning, Mum,”  aid George, in what he clearly thought wa  a jaunty, winning voice. “Have you any idea how worried I’ve been?”  aid Mr . Wea ley in a deadly whi per. “Sorry, Mum, but  ee, we had to —” All three of Mr . Wea ley’   on  were taller than  he wa , but they cowered a  her rage broke over them. “Bed  empty! No note! Car gone — could have cra hed — out of my mind with worry — did you care? — never, a  long a  I’ve lived — you wait until your father get  home, we never had trouble like thi  from Bill or Charlie or Percy —” “Perfect Percy,” muttered Fred. “YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF PERCY’S BOOK!” yelled Mr . Wea ley, prodding a finger in Fred’  che t. “You could have died, you could have been  een, you could have lo t your father hi  job —” It  eemed to go on for hour . Mr . Wea ley had  houted her elf hoar e before  he turned on Harry, who backed away. “I’m very plea ed to  ee you, Harry, dear,”  he  aid. “Come in and have  ome breakfa t.” She turned and walked back into the hou e and Harry, after a nervou  glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly, followed her. The kitchen wa   mall and rather cramped. There wa  a  crubbed wooden table and chair  in the middle, and Harry  at down on the edge of hi   eat, looking around. He had never been in a wizard hou e before. The clock on the wall oppo ite him had only one hand and no number  at all. Written around the edge were thing  like Time to make tea, Time to feed the chicken , and You’re late. Book  were  tacked three deep on the mantelpiece, book  with title  like Charm Your Own Chee e, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Fea t  — It’  Magic! And unle  Harry’  ear  were deceiving him, the old radio next to the  ink had ju t announced that coming up wa  “Witching Hour, with the popular  inging  orcere , Cele tina Warbeck.” Mr . Wea ley wa  clattering around, cooking breakfa t a little haphazardly, throwing dirty look  at her  on  a   he threw  au age  into the frying pan. Every now and then  he muttered thing  like “don’t know what you were thinking of,” and “never would have believed it.” “I don’t blame you, dear,”  he a ured Harry, tipping eight or nine  au age  onto hi  plate. “Arthur and I have been worried about you, too. Ju t la t night we were  aying we’d come and get you our elve  if you hadn’t written back to Ron by Friday. But really,” ( he wa  now adding three fried egg  to hi  plate) “flying an illegal car halfway acro  the country — anyone could have  een you —” She flicked her wand ca ually at the di he  in the  ink, which began to clean them elve , clinking gently in the background. “It wa  cloudy, Mum!”  aid Fred. “You keep your mouth clo ed while you’re eating!” Mr . Wea ley  napped. “They were  tarving him, Mum!”  aid George. “And you!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, but it wa  with a  lightly  oftened expre ion that  he  tarted cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him. At that moment there wa  a diver ion in the form of a  mall, redheaded figure in a long nightdre , who appeared in the kitchen, gave a  mall  queal, and ran out again. “Ginny,”  aid Ron in an undertone to Harry. “My  i ter. She’  been talking about you all  ummer.” “Yeah,  he’ll be wanting your autograph, Harry,” Fred  aid with a grin, but he caught hi  mother’  eye and bent hi  face over hi  plate without another word. Nothing more wa   aid until all four plate  were clean, which took a  urpri ingly  hort time. “Blimey, I’m tired,” yawned Fred,  etting down hi  knife and fork at la t. “I think I’ll go to bed and —” “You will not,”  napped Mr . Wea ley. “It’  your own fault you’ve been up all night. You’re going to de-gnome the garden for me; they’re getting completely out of hand again —” “Oh, Mum —” “And you two,”  he  aid, glaring at Ron and Fred. “You can go up to bed, dear,”  he added to Harry. “You didn’t a k them to fly that wretched car —” But Harry, who felt wide awake,  aid quickly, “I’ll help Ron. I’ve never  een a de-gnoming —” “That’  very  weet of you, dear, but it’  dull work,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Now, let’   ee what Lockhart’  got to  ay on the  ubject —” And  he pulled a heavy book from the  tack on the mantelpiece. George groaned. “Mum, we know how to de-gnome a garden —” Harry looked at the cover of Mr . Wea ley’  book. Written acro  it in fancy gold letter  were the word  Gilderoy Lockhart’  Guide to Hou ehold Pe t . There wa  a big photograph on the front of a very good-looking wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eye . A  alway  in the wizarding world, the photograph wa  moving; the wizard, who Harry  uppo ed wa  Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at them all. Mr . Wea ley beamed down at him. “Oh, he i  marvelou ,”  he  aid. “He know  hi  hou ehold pe t , all right, it’  a wonderful book.…” “Mum fancie  him,”  aid Fred, in a very audible whi per. “Don’t be  o ridiculou , Fred,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, her cheek  rather pink. “All right, if you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go and get on with it, and woe betide you if there’  a  ingle gnome in that garden when I come out to in pect it.” Yawning and grumbling, the Wea ley   louched out ide with Harry behind them. The garden wa  large, and in Harry’  eye , exactly what a garden  hould be. The Dur ley  wouldn’t have liked it — there were plenty of weed , and the gra  needed cutting — but there were gnarled tree  all around the wall , plant  Harry had never  een  pilling from every flower bed, and a big green pond full of frog . “Muggle  have garden gnome , too, you know,” Harry told Ron they cro ed the lawn. “Yeah, I’ve  een tho e thing  they think are gnome ,”  aid Ron, bent double with hi  head in a peony bu h, “like fat little Santa Clau e  with fi hing rod .…” There wa  a violent  cuffling noi e, the peony bu h  huddered, and Ron  traightened up. “Thi  i  a gnome,” he  aid grimly. “Gerroff me! Gerroff me!”  quealed the gnome. It wa  certainly nothing like Santa Clau . It wa   mall and leathery looking, with a large, knobby, bald head exactly like a potato. Ron held it at arm’  length a  it kicked out at him with it  horny little feet; he gra ped it around the ankle  and turned it up ide down. “Thi  i  what you have to do,” he  aid. He rai ed the gnome above hi  head (“Gerroff me!”) and  tarted to  wing it in great circle  like a la o. Seeing the  hocked look on Harry’  face, Ron added, “It doe n’t hurt them —you’ve ju t got to make them really dizzy  o they can’t find their way back to the gnome hole .” He let go of the gnome’  ankle : It flew twenty feet into the air and landed with a thud in the field over the hedge. “Pitiful,”  aid Fred. “I bet I can get mine beyond that  tump.” Harry learned quickly not to feel too  orry for the gnome . He decided ju t to drop the fir t one he caught over the hedge, but the gnome,  en ing weakne ,  ank it  razor- harp teeth into Harry’  finger and he had a hard job  haking it off — until — “Wow, Harry — that mu t’ve been fifty feet.…” The air wa   oon thick with flying gnome . “See, they’re not too bright,”  aid George,  eizing five or  ix gnome  at once. “The moment they know the de-gnoming’  going on they  torm up to have a look. You’d think they’d have learned by now ju t to  tay put.” Soon, the crowd of gnome  in the field  tarted walking away in a  traggling line, their little  houlder  hunched. “They’ll be back,”  aid Ron a  they watched the gnome  di appear into the hedge on the other  ide of the field. “They love it here.…Dad’  too  oft with them; he think  they’re funny.…” Ju t then, the front door  lammed. “He’  back!”  aid George. “Dad’  home!” They hurried through the garden and back into the hou e. Mr. Wea ley wa   lumped in a kitchen chair with hi  gla e  off and hi  eye  clo ed. He wa  a thin man, going bald, but the little hair he had wa  a  red a  any of hi  children’ . He wa  wearing long green robe , which were du ty and travel-worn. “What a night,” he mumbled, groping for the teapot a  they all  at down around him. “Nine raid . Nine! And old Mundungu  Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when I had my back turned.…” Mr. Wea ley took a long gulp of tea and  ighed. “Find anything, Dad?”  aid Fred eagerly. “All I got were a few  hrinking door key  and a biting kettle,” yawned Mr. Wea ley. “There wa   ome pretty na ty  tuff that wa n’t my department, though. Mortlake wa  taken away for que tioning about  ome extremely odd ferret , but that’  the Committee on Experimental Charm , thank goodne .…” “Why would anyone bother making door key   hrink?”  aid George. “Ju t Muggle-baiting,”  ighed Mr. Wea ley. “Sell them a key that keep   hrinking to nothing  o they can never find it when they need it.…Of cour e, it’  very hard to convict anyone becau e no Muggle would admit their key keep   hrinking — they’ll in i t they ju t keep lo ing it. Ble  them, they’ll go to any length  to ignore magic, even if it’   taring them in the face.…But the thing  our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldn’t believe —” “LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE?” Mr . Wea ley had appeared, holding a long poker like a  word. Mr. Wea ley’  eye  jerked open. He  tared guiltily at hi  wife. “C-car , Molly, dear?” “Ye , Arthur, car ,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, her eye  fla hing. “Imagine a wizard buying a ru ty old car and telling hi  wife all he wanted to do with it wa  take it apart to  ee how it worked, while really he wa  enchanting it to make it fly.” Mr. Wea ley blinked. “Well, dear, I think you’ll find that he would be quite within the law to do that, even if — er — he maybe would have done better to, um, tell hi  wife the truth.…There’  a loophole in the law, you’ll find.…A  long a  he wa n’t intending to fly the car, the fact that the car could fly wouldn’t —” “Arthur Wea ley, you made  ure there wa  a loophole when you wrote that law!”  houted Mr . Wea ley. “Ju t  o you could carry on tinkering with all that Muggle rubbi h in your  hed! And for your information, Harry arrived thi  morning in the car you weren’t intending to fly!” “Harry?”  aid Mr. Wea ley blankly. “Harry who?” He looked around,  aw Harry, and jumped. “Good lord, i  it Harry Potter? Very plea ed to meet you, Ron’  told u   o much about —” “Your  on  flew that car to Harry’  hou e and back la t night!”  houted Mr . Wea ley. “What have you got to  ay about that, eh?” “Did you really?”  aid Mr. Wea ley eagerly. “Did it go all right? I — I mean,” he faltered a   park  flew from Mr . Wea ley’  eye , “that — that wa  very wrong, boy  — very wrong indeed.…” “Let’  leave them to it,” Ron muttered to Harry a  Mr . Wea ley  welled like a bullfrog. “Come on, I’ll  how you my bedroom.” They  lipped out of the kitchen and down a narrow pa ageway to an uneven  tairca e, which wound it  way, zigzagging up through the hou e. On the third landing, a door  tood ajar. Harry ju t caught  ight of a pair of bright brown eye   taring at him before it clo ed with a  nap. “Ginny,”  aid Ron. “You don’t know how weird it i  for her to be thi   hy. She never  hut  up normally —” They climbed two more flight  until they reached a door with peeling paint and a  mall plaque on it,  aying RONALD’S ROOM . Harry  tepped in, hi  head almo t touching the  loping ceiling, and blinked. It wa  like walking into a furnace: Nearly everything in Ron’  room  eemed to be a violent  hade of orange: the bed pread, the wall , even the ceiling. Then Harry realized that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the  habby wallpaper with po ter  of the  ame  even witche  and wizard , all wearing bright orange robe , carrying broom tick , and waving energetically. “Your Quidditch team?”  aid Harry. “The Chudley Cannon ,”  aid Ron, pointing at the orange bed pread, which wa  emblazoned with two giant black C’  and a  peeding cannonball. “Ninth in the league.” Ron’   chool  pellbook  were  tacked untidily in a corner, next to a pile of comic  that all  eemed to feature The Adventure  of Martin Migg , the Mad Muggle. Ron’  magic wand wa  lying on top of a fi h tank full of frog  pawn on the window ill, next to hi  fat gray rat, Scabber , who wa   noozing in a patch of  un. Harry  tepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing card  on the floor and looked out of the tiny window. In the field far below he could  ee a gang of gnome   neaking one by one back through the Wea ley ’ hedge. Then he turned to look at Ron, who wa  watching him almo t nervou ly, a  though waiting for hi  opinion. “It’  a bit  mall,”  aid Ron quickly. “Not like that room you had with the Muggle . And I’m right underneath the ghoul in the attic; he’  alway  banging on the pipe  and groaning.…” But Harry, grinning widely,  aid, “Thi  i  the be t hou e I’ve ever been in.” Ron’  ear  went pink. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER FOUR AT FLOURISH AND BLOTTS L ife at the Burrow wa  a  different a  po ible from life on Privet Drive. The Dur ley  liked everything neat and ordered; the Wea ley ’ hou e bur t with the  trange and unexpected. Harry got a  hock the fir t time he looked in the mirror over the kitchen mantelpiece and it  houted, “Tuck your  hirt in,  cruffy!” The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipe  whenever he felt thing  were getting too quiet, and  mall explo ion  from Fred and George’  bedroom were con idered perfectly normal. What Harry found mo t unu ual about life at Ron’ , however, wa n’t the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul: It wa  the fact that everybody there  eemed to like him. Mr . Wea ley fu ed over the  tate of hi   ock  and tried to force him to eat fourth helping  at every meal. Mr. Wea ley liked Harry to  it next to him at the dinner table  o that he could bombard him with que tion  about life with Muggle , a king him to explain how thing  like plug  and the po tal  ervice worked. “Fa cinating.” he would  ay a  Harry talked him through u ing a telephone. “Ingeniou , really, how many way  Muggle  have found of getting along without magic.” Harry heard from Hogwart  one  unny morning about a week after he had arrived at the Burrow. He and Ron went down to breakfa t to find Mr. and Mr . Wea ley and Ginny already  itting at the kitchen table. The moment  he  aw Harry, Ginny accidentally knocked her porridge bowl to the floor with a loud clatter. Ginny  eemed very prone to knocking thing  over whenever Harry entered a room. She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the  etting  un. Pretending he hadn’t noticed thi , Harry  at down and took the toa t Mr . Wea ley offered him. “Letter  from  chool,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, pa ing Harry and Ron identical envelope  of yellowi h parchment, addre ed in green ink. “Dumbledore already know  you’re here, Harry — doe n’t mi  a trick, that man. You two’ve got them, too,” he added, a  Fred and George ambled in,  till in their pajama . For a few minute  there wa   ilence a  they all read their letter . Harry’  told him to catch the Hogwart  Expre  a  u ual from King’  Cro   tation on September fir t. There wa  al o a li t of the new book  he’d need for the coming year. SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE: The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 2 by Miranda Go hawk Break with a Ban hee by Gilderoy Lockhart Gadding with Ghoul  by Gilderoy Lockhart Holiday  with Hag  by Gilderoy Lockhart 43 Travel  with Troll  by Gilderoy Lockhart Voyage  with Vampire  by Gilderoy Lockhart Wandering  with Werewolve  by Gilderoy Lockhart Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart Fred, who had fini hed hi  own li t, peered over at Harry’ . “You’ve been told to get all Lockhart’  book , too!” he  aid. “The new Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher mu t be a fan — bet it’  a witch.” At thi  point, Fred caught hi  mother’  eye and quickly bu ied him elf with the marmalade. “That lot won’t come cheap,”  aid George, with a quick look at hi  parent . “Lockhart’  book  are really expen ive….” “Well, we’ll manage,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, but  he looked worried. “I expect we’ll be able to pick up a lot of Ginny’  thing   econdhand.” “Oh, are you  tarting at Hogwart  thi  year?” Harry a ked Ginny. She nodded, blu hing to the root  of her flaming hair, and put her elbow in the butter di h. Fortunately no one  aw thi  except Harry, becau e ju t then Ron’  elder brother Percy walked in. He wa  already dre ed, hi  Hogwart  prefect badge pinned to hi   weater ve t. “Morning, all,”  aid Percy bri kly. “Lovely day.” He  at down in the only remaining chair but leapt up again almo t immediately, pulling from underneath him a molting, gray feather du ter — at lea t, that wa  what Harry thought it wa , until he  aw that it wa  breathing. “Errol!”  aid Ron, taking the limp owl from Percy and extracting a letter from under it  wing. “Finally — he’  got Hermione’  an wer. I wrote to her  aying we were going to try and re cue you from the Dur ley .” He carried Errol to a perch ju t in ide the back door and tried to  tand him on it, but Errol flopped  traight off again  o Ron lay him on the draining board in tead, muttering, “Pathetic.” Then he ripped open Hermione’  letter and read it out loud: “`Dear Ron, and Harry if you’re there, “`I hope everything went all right and that Harry i  okay and that you didn’t do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, becau e that would get Harry into trouble, too. I’ve been really worried and if Harry i  all right, will you plea e let me know at once, but perhap  it would be better if you u ed a different owl becau e I think another delivery might fini h your one off. “‘I’m very bu y with  choolwork, of cour e’ — How can  he be?”  aid Ron in horror. “We’re on vacation! — ‘and we’re going to London next Wedne day to buy my new book . Why don’t we meet in Diagon Alley? “‘Let me know what’  happening a   oon a  you can. Love from Hermione.’ ” “Well, that fit  in nicely, we can go and get all your thing  then, too,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  tarting to clear the table. “What’re you all up to today?” Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were planning to go up the hill to a  mall paddock the Wea ley  owned. It wa   urrounded by tree  that blocked it from view of the village below, meaning that they could practice Quidditch there, a  long a  they didn’t fly too high. They couldn’t u e real Quidditch ball , which would have been hard to explain if they had e caped and flown away over the village; in tead they threw apple  for one another to catch. They took turn  riding Harry’  Nimbu  Two Thou and, which wa  ea ily the be t broom; Ron’  old Shooting Star wa  often out tripped by pa ing butterflie . Five minute  later they were marching up the hill, broom tick  over their  houlder . They had a ked Percy if he wanted to join them, but he had  aid he wa  bu y. Harry had only  een Percy at mealtime   o far; he  tayed  hut in hi  room the re t of the time. “Wi h I knew what he wa  up to,”  aid Fred, frowning. “He’  not him elf. Hi  exam re ult  came the day before you did; twelve O.W.L.  and he hardly gloated at all.” “Ordinary Wizarding Level ,” George explained,  eeing Harry’  puzzled look. “Bill got twelve, too. If we’re not careful, we’ll have another Head Boy in the family. I don’t think I could  tand the  hame.” Bill wa  the olde t Wea ley brother. He and the next brother, Charlie, had already left Hogwart . Harry had never met either of them, but knew that Charlie wa  in Romania  tudying dragon  and Bill in Egypt working for the wizard’  bank, Gringott . “Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our  chool  tuff thi  year,”  aid George after a while. “Five  et  of Lockhart book ! And Ginny need  robe  and a wand and everything….” Harry  aid nothing. He felt a bit awkward. Stored in an underground vault at Gringott  in London wa  a  mall fortune that hi  parent  had left him. Of cour e, it wa  only in the wizarding world that he had money; you couldn’t u e Galleon , Sickle , and Knut  in Muggle  hop . He had never mentioned hi  Gringott  bank account to the Dur ley ; he didn’t think their horror of anything connected with magic would  tretch to a large pile of gold. Mr . Wea ley woke them all early the following Wedne day. After a quick half a dozen bacon  andwiche  each, they pulled on their coat  and Mr . Wea ley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered in ide. “We’re running low, Arthur,”  he  ighed. “We’ll have to buy  ome more today.…Ah well, gue t  fir t! After you, Harry dear!” And  he offered him the flowerpot. Harry  tared at them all watching him. “W-what am I  uppo ed to do?” he  tammered. “He’  never traveled by Floo powder,”  aid Ron  uddenly. “Sorry, Harry, I forgot.” “Never?”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “But how did you get to Diagon Alley to buy your  chool thing  la t year?” “I went on the Underground —” “Really?”  aid Mr. Wea ley eagerly. “Were there e capator ? How exactly —” “Not now, Arthur,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Floo powder’  a lot quicker, dear, but goodne  me, if you’ve never u ed it before —” “He’ll be all right, Mum,”  aid Fred. “Harry, watch u  fir t.” He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot,  tepped up to the fire, and threw the powder into the flame . With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and ro e higher than Fred, who  tepped right into it,  houted, “Diagon Alley!” and vani hed. “You mu t  peak clearly, dear,” Mr . Wea ley told Harry a  George dipped hi  hand into the flowerpot. “And be  ure to get out at the right grate….” “The right what?”  aid Harry nervou ly a  the fire roared and whipped George out of  ight, too. “Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fire  to choo e from, you know, but a  long a  you’ve  poken clearly —” “He’ll be fine, Molly, don’t fu ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, helping him elf to Floo powder too. “But, dear, if he got lo t, how would we ever explain to hi  aunt and uncle?” “They wouldn’t mind,” Harry rea ured her. “Dudley would think it wa  a brilliant joke if I got lo t up a chimney, don’t worry about that —” “Well…all right…you go after Arthur,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Now, when you get into the fire,  ay where you’re going.” “And keep your elbow  tucked in,” Ron advi ed. “And your eye   hut,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “The  oot —” “Don’t fidget,”  aid Ron. “Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace —” “But don’t panic and get out too early; wait until you  ee Fred and George.” Trying hard to bear all thi  in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the fire. He took a deep breath,  cattered the powder into the flame , and  tepped forward; the fire felt like a warm breeze; he opened hi  mouth and immediately  wallowed a lot of hot a h. “D-Dia-gon Alley,” he coughed. It felt a  though he wa  being  ucked down a giant drain. He  eemed to be  pinning very fa t — the roaring in hi  ear  wa  deafening — he tried to keep hi  eye  open but the whirl of green flame  made him feel  ick — omething hard knocked hi  elbow and he tucked it in tightly,  till  pinning and  pinning — now it felt a  though cold hand  were  lapping hi  face —  quinting through hi  gla e  he  aw a blurred  tream of fireplace  and  natched glimp e  of the room  beyond — hi  bacon  andwiche  were churning in ide him — he clo ed hi  eye  again wi hing it would  top, and then… He fell, face forward, onto cold  tone and felt the bridge of hi  gla e   nap. Dizzy and brui ed, covered in  oot, he got gingerly to hi  feet, holding hi  broken gla e  up to hi  eye . He wa  quite alone, but where he wa , he had no idea. All he could tell wa  that he wa   tanding in the  tone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizard’   hop — but nothing in here wa  ever likely to be on a Hogwart   chool li t. A gla  ca e nearby held a withered hand on a cu hion, a blood tained pack of card , and a  taring gla  eye. Evil-looking ma k   tared down from the wall , an a ortment of human bone  lay upon the counter, and ru ty,  piked in trument  hung from the ceiling. Even wor e, the dark, narrow  treet Harry could  ee through the du ty  hop window wa  definitely not Diagon Alley. The  ooner he got out of here, the better. No e  till  tinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made hi  way  wiftly and  ilently toward the door, but before he’d got halfway toward it, two people appeared on the other  ide of the gla  — and one of them wa  the very la t per on Harry wanted to meet when he wa  lo t, covered in  oot, and wearing broken gla e : Draco Malfoy. Harry looked quickly around and  potted a large black cabinet to hi  left; he  hot in ide it and pulled the door  clo ed, leaving a  mall crack to peer through. Second  later, a bell clanged, and Malfoy  tepped into the  hop. The man who followed could only be Draco’  father. He had the  ame pale, pointed face and identical cold, gray eye . Mr. Malfoy cro ed the  hop, looking lazily at the item  on di play, and rang a bell on the counter before turning to hi   on and  aying, “Touch nothing, Draco.” Malfoy, who had reached for the gla  eye,  aid, “I thought you were going to buy me a pre ent.” “I  aid I would buy you a racing broom,”  aid hi  father, drumming hi  finger  on the counter. “What’  the good of that if I’m not on the Hou e team?”  aid Malfoy, looking  ulky and bad-tempered. “Harry Potter got a Nimbu  Two Thou and la t year. Special permi ion from Dumbledore  o he could play for Gryffindor. He’  not even that good, it’  ju t becau e he’  famou …famou  for having a  tupid  car on hi  forehead.…” Malfoy bent down to examine a  helf full of  kull . “…everyone think  he’   o  mart, wonderful Potter with hi   car and hi  broom tick —” “You have told me thi  at lea t a dozen time  already,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, with a quelling look at hi   on. “And I would remind you that it i  not — prudent — to appear le  than fond of Harry Potter, not when mo t of our kind regard him a  the hero who made the Dark Lord di appear — ah, Mr. Borgin.” A  tooping man had appeared behind the counter,  moothing hi  grea y hair back from hi  face. “Mr. Malfoy, what a plea ure to  ee you again,”  aid Mr. Borgin in a voice a  oily a  hi  hair. “Delighted — and young Ma ter Malfoy, too — charmed. How may I be of a i tance? I mu t  how you, ju t in today, and very rea onably priced —” “I’m not buying today, Mr. Borgin, but  elling,”  aid Mr. Malfoy. “Selling?” The  mile faded  lightly from Mr. Borgin’  face. “You have heard, of cour e, that the Mini try i  conducting more raid ,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, taking a roll of parchment from hi  in ide pocket and unraveling it for Mr. Borgin to read. “I have a few — ah — item  at home that might embarra  me, if the Mini try were to call.…” Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pince-nez to hi  no e and looked down the li t. “The Mini try wouldn’t pre ume to trouble you,  ir,  urely?” Mr. Malfoy’  lip curled. “I have not been vi ited yet. The name Malfoy  till command  a certain re pect, yet the Mini try grow  ever more meddle ome. There are rumor  about a new Muggle Protection Act — no doubt that flea-bitten, Muggle-loving fool Arthur Wea ley i  behind it —” Harry felt a hot  urge of anger. “— and a  you  ee, certain of the e poi on  might make it appear —” “I under tand,  ir, of cour e,”  aid Mr. Borgin. “Let me  ee.…” “Can I have that?” interrupted Draco, pointing at the withered hand on it  cu hion. “Ah, the Hand of Glory!”  aid Mr. Borgin, abandoning Mr. Malfoy’  li t and  currying over to Draco. “In ert a candle and it give  light only to the holder! Be t friend of thieve  and plunderer ! Your  on ha  fine ta te,  ir.” “I hope my  on will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer, Borgin,”  aid Mr. Malfoy coldly, and Mr. Borgin  aid quickly, “No offen e,  ir, no offen e meant —” “Though if hi  grade  don’t pick up,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, more coldly  till, “that may indeed be all he i  fit for —” “It’  not my fault,” retorted Draco. “The teacher  all have favorite , that Hermione Granger —” “I would have thought you’d be a hamed that a girl of no wizard family beat you in every exam,”  napped Mr. Malfoy. “Ha!”  aid Harry under hi  breath, plea ed to  ee Draco looking both aba hed and angry. “It’  the  ame all over,”  aid Mr. Borgin, in hi  oily voice. “Wizard blood i  counting for le  everywhere —” “Not with me,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, hi  long no tril  flaring. “No,  ir, nor with me,  ir,”  aid Mr. Borgin, with a deep bow. “In that ca e, perhap  we can return to my li t,”  aid Mr. Malfoy  hortly. “I am in  omething of a hurry, Borgin, I have important bu ine  el ewhere today —” They  tarted to haggle. Harry watched nervou ly a  Draco drew nearer and nearer to hi  hiding place, examining the object  for  ale. Draco pau ed to examine a long coil of hangman’  rope and to read,  mirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opal , Caution: Do Not Touch. Cur ed — Ha  Claimed the Live  of Nineteen Muggle Owner  to Date. Draco turned away and  aw the cabinet right in front of him. He walked forward — he  tretched out hi  hand for the handle “Done,”  aid Mr. Malfoy at the counter. “Come, Draco —” Harry wiped hi  forehead on hi   leeve a  Draco turned away. “Good day to you, Mr. Borgin. I’ll expect you at the manor tomorrow to pick up the good .” The moment the door had clo ed, Mr. Borgin dropped hi  oily manner. “Good day your elf, Mi ter Malfoy, and if the  torie  are true, you haven’t  old me half of what’  hidden in your manor….” Muttering darkly, Mr. Borgin di appeared into a back room. Harry waited for a minute in ca e he came back, then, quietly a  he could,  lipped out of the cabinet, pa t the gla  ca e , and out of the  hop door. Clutching hi  broken gla e  to hi  face, Harry  tared around. He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that  eemed to be made up entirely of  hop  devoted to the Dark Art . The one he’d ju t left, Borgin and Burke , looked like the large t, but oppo ite wa  a na ty window di play of  hrunken head  and, two door  down, a large cage wa  alive with gigantic black  pider . Two  habby-looking wizard  were watching him from the  hadow of a doorway, muttering to each other. Feeling jumpy, Harry  et off, trying to hold hi  gla e  on  traight and hoping again t hope he’d be able to find a way out of here. An old wooden  treet  ign hanging over a  hop  elling poi onou  candle  told him he wa  in Knockturn Alley. Thi  didn’t help, a  Harry had never heard of  uch a place. He  uppo ed he hadn’t  poken clearly enough through hi  mouthful of a he  back in the Wea ley ’ fire. Trying to  tay calm, he wondered what to do. “Not lo t are you, my dear?”  aid a voice in hi  ear, making him jump. An aged witch  tood in front of him, holding a tray of what looked horribly like whole human fingernail . She leered at him,  howing mo y teeth. Harry backed away. “I’m fine, thank ,” he  aid. “I’m ju t —” “HARRY! What d’yeh think yer doin’ down there?” Harry’  heart leapt. So did the witch; a load of fingernail  ca caded down over her feet and  he cur ed a  the ma ive form of Hagrid, the Hogwart ’ gamekeeper, came  triding toward them, beetle-black eye  fla hing over hi  great bri tling beard. “Hagrid!” Harry croaked in relief. “I wa  lo t — Floo powder —” Hagrid  eized Harry by the  cruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch, knocking the tray right out of her hand . Her  hriek  followed them all the way along the twi ting alleyway out into bright  unlight. Harry  aw a familiar,  now-white marble building in the di tance — Gringott  Bank. Hagrid had  teered him right into Diagon Alley. “Yer a me !”  aid Hagrid gruffly, bru hing  oot off Harry  o forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung out ide an apothecary. “Skulkin’ around Knockturn Alley, I dunno dodgy place, Harry — don’ want no one ter  ee yeh down there —” “I realized that,”  aid Harry, ducking a  Hagrid made to bru h him off again. “I told you, I wa  lo t — what were you doing down there, anyway?” “I wa  lookin’ fer a Fle h-Eatin’ Slug Repellent,” growled Hagrid. “They’re ruinin’ the  chool cabbage . Yer not on yer own?” “I’m  taying with the Wea ley  but we got  eparated,” Harry explained. “I’ve got to go and find them.…” They  et off together down the  treet. “How come yeh never wrote back ter me?”  aid Hagrid a  Harry jogged along ide him (he had to take three  tep  to every  tride of Hagrid’  enormou  boot ). Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dur ley . “Lou y Muggle ,” growled Hagrid. “If I’d’ve known —” “Harry! Harry! Over here!” Harry looked up and  aw Hermione Granger  tanding at the top of the white flight of  tep  to Gringott . She ran down to meet them, her bu hy brown hair flying behind her. “What happened to your gla e ? Hello, Hagrid — Oh, it’  wonderful to  ee you two again — Are you coming into Gringott , Harry?” “A   oon a  I’ve found the Wea ley ,”  aid Harry. “Yeh won’t have long ter wait,” Hagrid  aid with a grin. Harry and Hermione looked around: Sprinting up the crowded  treet were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Wea ley. “Harry,” Mr. Wea ley panted. “We hoped you’d only gone one grate too far.…” He mopped hi  gli tening bald patch. “Molly’  frantic —  he’  coming now —” “Where did you come out?” Ron a ked. “Knockturn Alley,”  aid Hagrid grimly. “Excellent!”  aid Fred and George together. “We’ve never been allowed in,”  aid Ron enviou ly. “I  hould ruddy well think not,” growled Hagrid. Mr . Wea ley now came galloping into view, her handbag  winging wildly in one hand, Ginny ju t clinging onto the other. “Oh, Harry — oh, my dear — you could have been anywhere —” Ga ping for breath  he pulled a large clothe  bru h out of her bag and began  weeping off the  oot Hagrid hadn’t managed to beat away. Mr. Wea ley took Harry’  gla e , gave them a tap of hi  wand, and returned them, good a  new. “Well, gotta be off,”  aid Hagrid, who wa  having hi  hand wrung by Mr . Wea ley (“Knockturn Alley! If you hadn’t found him, Hagrid!”). “See yer at Hogwart !” And he  trode away, head and  houlder  taller than anyone el e in the packed  treet. “Gue  who I  aw in Borgin and Burke ?” Harry a ked Ron and Hermione a  they climbed the Gringott   tep . “Malfoy and hi  father.” “Did Luciu  Malfoy buy anything?”  aid Mr. Wea ley  harply behind them. “No, he wa   elling —” “So he’  worried,”  aid Mr. Wea ley with grim  ati faction. “Oh, I’d love to get Luciu  Malfoy for  omething …” “You be careful, Arthur,”  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply a  they were bowed into the bank by a goblin at the door. “That family’  trouble. Don’t go biting off more than you can chew —” “So you don’t think I’m a match for Luciu  Malfoy?”  aid Mr. Wea ley indignantly, but he wa  di tracted almo t at once by the  ight of Hermione’  parent , who were  tanding nervou ly at the counter that ran all along the great marble hall, waiting for Hermione to introduce them. “But you’re Muggle !”  aid Mr. Wea ley delightedly. “We mu t have a drink! What’  that you’ve got there? Oh, you’re changing Muggle money. Molly, look!” He pointed excitedly at the ten-pound note  in Mr. Granger’  hand. “Meet you back here,” Ron  aid to Hermione a  the Wea ley  and Harry were led off to their underground vault  by another Gringott  goblin. The vault  were reached by mean  of  mall, goblin-driven cart  that  ped along miniature train track  through the bank’  underground tunnel . Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Wea ley ’ vault, but felt dreadful, far wor e than he had in Knockturn Alley, when it wa  opened. There wa  a very  mall pile of  ilver Sickle  in ide, and ju t one gold Galleon. Mr . Wea ley felt right into the corner  before  weeping the whole lot into her bag. Harry felt even wor e when they reached hi  vault. He tried to block the content  from view a  he ha tily  hoved handful  of coin  into a leather bag. Back out ide on the marble  tep , they all  eparated. Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill. Fred and George had  potted their friend from Hogwart , Lee Jordan. Mr . Wea ley and Ginny were going to a  econdhand robe  hop. Mr. Wea ley wa  in i ting on taking the Granger  off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink. “We’ll all meet at Flouri h and Blott  in an hour to buy your  choolbook ,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  etting off with Ginny. “And not one  tep down Knockturn Alley!”  he  houted at the twin ’ retreating back . Harry, Ron, and Hermione  trolled off along the winding, cobbled  treet. The bag of gold,  ilver, and bronze jangling cheerfully in Harry’  pocket wa  clamoring to be  pent,  o he bought three large  trawberry-and-peanut-butter ice cream , which they  lurped happily a  they wandered up the alley, examining the fa cinating  hop window . Ron gazed longingly at a full  et of Chudley Cannon robe  in the window  of Quality Quidditch Supplie  until Hermione dragged them off to buy ink and parchment next door. In Gambol and Jape  Wizarding Joke Shop, they met Fred, George, and Lee Jordan, who were  tocking up on Dr. Filibu ter’  Fabulou  Wet-Start, No-Heat Firework , and in a tiny junk  hop full of broken wand , lop ided bra   cale , and old cloak  covered in potion  tain  they found Percy, deeply immer ed in a  mall and deeply boring book called Prefect  Who Gained Power. “A  tudy of Hogwart  prefect  and their later career ,” Ron read aloud off the back cover. “That  ound  fa cinating.…” “Go away,” Percy  napped. “’Cour e, he’  very ambitiou , Percy, he’  got it all planned out.…He want  to be Mini ter of Magic…” Ron told Harry and Hermione in an undertone a  they left Percy to it. An hour later, they headed for Flouri h and Blott . They were by no mean  the only one  making their way to the book hop. A  they approached it, they  aw to their  urpri e a large crowd jo tling out ide the door , trying to get in. The rea on for thi  wa  proclaimed by a large banner  tretched acro  the upper window : GILDEROY LOCKHART will be  igning copie  of hi  autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30 P.M. to 4:30 P.M. “We can actually meet him!” Hermione  quealed. “I mean, he’  written almo t the whole bookli t!” The crowd  eemed to be made up mo tly of witche  around Mr . Wea ley’  age. A hara ed-looking wizard  tood at the door,  aying, “Calmly, plea e, ladie .…Don’t pu h, there…mind the book , now.…” Harry, Ron, and Hermione  queezed in ide. A long line wound right to the back of the  hop, where Gilderoy Lockhart wa   igning hi  book . They each grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 2 and  neaked up the line to where the re t of the Wea ley  were  tanding with Mr. and Mr . Granger. “Oh, there you are, good,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. She  ounded breathle  and kept patting her hair. “We’ll be able to  ee him in a minute.…” Gilderoy Lockhart came  lowly into view,  eated at a table  urrounded by large picture  of hi  own face, all winking and fla hing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart wa  wearing robe  of forget-me-not blue that exactly matched hi  eye ; hi  pointed wizard’  hat wa   et at a jaunty angle on hi  wavy hair. A  hort, irritable-looking man wa  dancing around taking photograph  with a large black camera that emitted puff  of purple  moke with every blinding fla h. “Out of the way, there,” he  narled at Ron, moving back to get a better  hot. “Thi  i  for the Daily Prophet —” “Big deal,”  aid Ron, rubbing hi  foot where the photographer had  tepped on it. Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He  aw Ron — and then he  aw Harry. He  tared. Then he leapt to hi  feet and po itively  houted, “It can’t be Harry Potter?” The crowd parted, whi pering excitedly; Lockhart dived forward,  eized Harry’  arm, and pulled him to the front. The crowd bur t into applau e. Harry’  face burned a  Lockhart  hook hi  hand for the photographer, who wa  clicking away madly, wafting thick  moke over the Wea ley . “Nice big  mile, Harry,”  aid Lockhart, through hi  own gleaming teeth. “Together, you and I are worth the front page.” When he finally let go of Harry’  hand, Harry could hardly feel hi  finger . He tried to  idle back over to the Wea ley , but Lockhart threw an arm around hi   houlder  and clamped him tightly to hi   ide. “Ladie  and gentlemen,” he  aid loudly, waving for quiet. “What an extraordinary moment thi  i ! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I’ve been  itting on for  ome time! “When young Harry here  tepped into Flouri h and Blott  today, he only wanted to buy my autobiography — which I  hall be happy to pre ent him now, free of charge —” The crowd applauded again. “He had no idea,” Lockhart continued, giving Harry a little  hake that made hi  gla e   lip to the end of hi  no e, “that he would  hortly be getting much, much more than my book, Magical Me. He and hi   choolmate  will, in fact, be getting the real magical me. Ye , ladie  and gentlemen, I have great plea ure and pride in announcing that thi  September, I will be taking up the po t of Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!” The crowd cheered and clapped and Harry found him elf being pre ented with the entire work  of Gilderoy Lockhart. Staggering  lightly under their weight, he managed to make hi  way out of the limelight to the edge of the room, where Ginny wa   tanding next to her new cauldron. “You have the e,” Harry mumbled to her, tipping the book  into the cauldron. “I’ll buy my own —” “Bet you loved that, didn’t you, Potter?”  aid a voice Harry had no trouble recognizing. He  traightened up and found him elf face-to-face with Draco Malfoy, who wa  wearing hi  u ual  neer. “Famou  Harry Potter,”  aid Malfoy. “Can’t even go into a book hop without making the front page.” “Leave him alone, he didn’t want all that!”  aid Ginny. It wa  the fir t time  he had  poken in front of Harry. She wa  glaring at Malfoy. “Potter, you’ve got your elf a girlfriend!” drawled Malfoy. Ginny went  carlet a  Ron and Hermione fought their way over, both clutching  tack  of Lockhart’  book . “Oh, it’  you,”  aid Ron, looking at Malfoy a  if he were  omething unplea ant on the  ole of hi   hoe. “Bet you’re  urpri ed to  ee Harry here, eh?” “Not a   urpri ed a  I am to  ee you in a  hop, Wea ley,” retorted Malfoy. “I  uppo e your parent  will go hungry for a month to pay for all tho e.” Ron went a  red a  Ginny. He dropped hi  book  into the cauldron, too, and  tarted toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the back of hi  jacket. “Ron!”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  truggling over with Fred and George. “What are you doing? It’  too crowded in here, let’  go out ide.” “Well, well, well — Arthur Wea ley.” It wa  Mr. Malfoy. He  tood with hi  hand on Draco’   houlder,  neering in ju t the  ame way. “Luciu ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, nodding coldly. “Bu y time at the Mini try, I hear,”  aid Mr. Malfoy. “All tho e raid …I hope they’re paying you overtime?” He reached into Ginny’  cauldron and extracted, from amid the glo y Lockhart book , a very old, very battered copy of A Beginner’  Guide to Tran figuration. “Obviou ly not,” Mr. Malfoy  aid. “Dear me, what’  the u e of being a di grace to the name of wizard if they don’t even pay you well for it?” Mr. Wea ley flu hed darker than either Ron or Ginny. “We have a very different idea of what di grace  the name of wizard, Malfoy,” he  aid. “Clearly,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, hi  pale eye   traying to Mr. and Mr . Granger, who were watching apprehen ively. “The company you keep, Wea ley…and I thought your family could  ink no lower.” There wa  a thud of metal a  Ginny’  cauldron went flying; Mr. Wea ley had thrown him elf at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him backward into a book helf. Dozen  of heavy  pellbook  came thundering down on all their head ; there wa  a yell of, “Get him, Dad!” from Fred or George; Mr . Wea ley wa   hrieking, “No, Arthur, no!”; the crowd  tampeded backward, knocking more  helve  over; “Gentlemen, plea e — plea e!” cried the a i tant, and then, louder than all — “Break it up, there, gent , break it up —” Hagrid wa  wading toward them through the  ea of book . In an in tant he had pulled Mr. Wea ley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Wea ley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toad tool . He wa   till holding Ginny’  old Tran figuration book. He thru t it at her, hi  eye  glittering with malice. “Here, girl — take your book — it’  the be t your father can give you —” Pulling him elf out of Hagrid’  grip he beckoned to Draco and  wept from the  hop. “Yeh  hould’ve ignored him, Arthur,”  aid Hagrid, almo t lifting Mr. Wea ley off hi  feet a  he  traightened hi  robe . “Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone know  that — no Malfoy’  worth li tenin’ ter — bad blood, that’  what it i  — come on now — let’  get outta here.” The a i tant looked a  though he wanted to  top them leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrid’  wai t and  eemed to think better of it. They hurried up the  treet, the Granger   haking with fright and Mr . Wea ley be ide her elf with fury. “A fine example to  et for your children…brawling in public…what Gilderoy Lockhart mu t’ve thought —” “He wa  plea ed,”  aid Fred. “Didn’t you hear him a  we were leaving? He wa  a king that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he’d be able to work the fight into hi  report —  aid it wa  all publicity —” But it wa  a  ubdued group that headed back to the fire ide in the Leaky Cauldron, where Harry, the Wea ley , and all their  hopping would be traveling back to the Burrow u ing Floo powder. They  aid good-bye to the Granger , who were leaving the pub for the Muggle  treet on the other  ide; Mr. Wea ley  tarted to a k them how bu   top  worked, but  topped quickly at the look on Mr . Wea ley’  face. Harry took off hi  gla e  and put them  afely in hi  pocket before helping him elf to Floo powder. It definitely wa n’t hi  favorite way to travel. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER FIVE THE WHOMPING WILLOW T he end of the  ummer vacation came too quickly for Harry’  liking. He wa  looking forward to getting back to Hogwart , but hi  month at the Burrow had been the happie t of hi  life. It wa  difficult not to feel jealou  of Ron when he thought of the Dur ley  and the  ort of welcome he could expect next time he turned up on Privet Drive. On their la t evening, Mr . Wea ley conjured up a  umptuou  dinner that included all of Harry’  favorite thing , ending with a mouthwatering treacle pudding. Fred and George rounded off the evening with a di play of Filibu ter firework ; they filled the kitchen with red and blue  tar  that bounced from ceiling to wall for at lea t half an hour. Then it wa  time for a la t mug of hot chocolate and bed. It took a long while to get  tarted next morning. They were up at dawn, but  omehow they  till  eemed to have a great deal to do. Mr . Wea ley da hed about in a bad mood looking for  pare  ock  and quill ; people kept colliding on the  tair , half-dre ed with bit  of toa t in their hand ; and Mr. Wea ley nearly broke hi  neck, tripping over a  tray chicken a  he cro ed the yard carrying Ginny’  trunk to the car. Harry couldn’t  ee how eight people,  ix large trunk , two owl , and a rat were going to fit into one  mall Ford Anglia. He had reckoned, of cour e, without the  pecial feature  that Mr. Wea ley had added. “Not a word to Molly,” he whi pered to Harry a  he opened the. trunk and  howed him how it had been magically expanded  o that the luggage fitted ea ily. When at la t they were all in the car, Mr . Wea ley glanced into the back  eat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all  itting comfortably  ide by  ide, and  aid, “Muggle  do know more than we give them credit for, don’t they?” She and Ginny got into the front  eat, which had been  tretched  o that it re embled a park bench. “I mean, you’d never know it wa  thi  roomy from the out ide, would you?” Mr. Wea ley  tarted up the engine and they trundled out of the yard, Harry turning back for a la t look at the hou e. He barely had time to wonder when he’d  ee it again when they were back. George had forgotten hi  box of Filibu ter firework . Five minute  after that, they  kidded to a halt in the yard  o that Fred could run in for hi  broom tick. They had almo t reached the highway when Ginny  hrieked that  he’d left her diary. By the time  he had clambered back into the car, they were running very late, and temper  were running high. Mr. Wea ley glanced at hi  watch and then at hi  wife. “Molly, dear —” “No, Arthur —–” “No one would  ee — thi  little button here i  an Invi ibility Boo ter I in talled — that’d get u  up in the air — then we fly above the cloud . We’d be there in ten minute  and no one would be any the wi er —” “I  aid no, Arthur, not in broad daylight —” They reached King’  Cro  at a quarter to eleven. Mr. Wea ley da hed acro  the road to get trolley  for their trunk  and they all hurried into the  tation. Harry had caught the Hogwart  Expre  the previou  year. The tricky part wa  getting onto platform nine and three-quarter , which wa n’t vi ible to the Muggle eye. What you had to do wa  walk through the  olid barrier dividing platform  nine and ten. It didn’t hurt, but it had to be done carefully  o that none of the Muggle  noticed you vani hing. “Percy fir t,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, looking nervou ly at the clock overhead, which  howed they had only five minute  to di appear ca ually through the barrier. Percy  trode bri kly forward and vani hed. Mr. Wea ley went next; Fred and George followed. “I’ll take Ginny and you two come right after u ,” Mr . Wea ley told Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginny’  hand and  etting off. In the blink of an eye they were gone. “Let’  go together, we’ve only got a minute,” Ron  aid to Harry. Harry made  ure that Hedwig’  cage wa   afely wedged on top of hi  trunk and wheeled hi  trolley around to face the barrier. He felt perfectly confident; thi  wa n’t nearly a  uncomfortable a  u ing Floo powder. Both of them bent low over the handle  of their trolley  and walked purpo efully toward the barrier, gathering  peed. A few feet away from it, they broke into a run and — CRASH. Both trolley  hit the barrier and bounced backward; Ron’  trunk fell off with a loud thump, Harry wa  knocked off hi  feet, and Hedwig’  cage bounced onto the  hiny floor, and  he rolled away,  hrieking indignantly; people all around them  tared and a guard nearby yelled, “What in blaze  d’you think you’re doing?” “Lo t control of the trolley,” Harry ga ped, clutching hi  rib  a  he got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who wa  cau ing  uch a  cene that there wa  a lot of muttering about cruelty to animal  from the  urrounding crowd. “Why can’t we get through?” Harry hi ed to Ron. “I dunno —” Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curiou  people were  till watching them. “We’re going to mi  the train,” Ron whi pered. “I don’t under tand why the gateway’   ealed it elf —” Harry looked up at the giant clock with a  ickening feeling in the pit of hi   tomach. Ten  econd …nine  econd  … He wheeled hi  trolley forward cautiou ly until it wa  right again t the barrier and pu hed with all hi  might. The metal remained  olid. Three  econd …two  econd …one  econd… “It’  gone,”  aid Ron,  ounding  tunned. “The train’  left. What if Mum and Dad can’t get back through to u ? Have you got any Muggle money?” Harry gave a hollow laughed. “The Dur ley  haven’t given me pocket money for about  ix year .” Ron pre ed hi  ear to the cold barrier. “Can’t hear a thing,” he  aid ten ely, “What’re we going to do? I don’t know how long it’ll take Mum and Dad to get back to u .” They looked around. People were  till watching them, mainly becau e of Hedwig’  continuing  creeche . “I think we’d better go and wait by the car,”  aid Harry. “We’re attracting too much atten —” “Harry!”  aid Ron, hi  eye  gleaming. “The car!” “What about it?” “We can fly the car to Hogwart !” “But I thought —” “We’re  tuck, right? And we’ve got to get to  chool, haven’t we? And even underage wizard  are allowed to u e magic if it’  a real emergency,  ection nineteen or  omething of the Re triction of Thingy —” “But your Mum and Dad…”  aid Harry, pu hing again t the barrier again in the vain hope that it would give way. “How will they get home?” “They don’t need the car!”  aid Ron impatiently. “They know how to Apparate! You know, ju t vani h and reappear at home! They only bother with Floo powder and the car becau e we’re all underage and we’re not allowed to Apparate yet.…” Harry’  feeling of panic turned  uddenly to excitement. “Can you fly it?” “No, problem,”  aid Ron, wheeling hi  trolley around to face the exit. “C’mon, let’  go. If we hurry we’ll be able to follow the Hogwart  Expre  —” And they marched off through the crowd of curiou  Muggle , out of the  tation and back onto the  ide road where the old Ford Anglia wa  parked. Ron unlocked the cavernou  trunk with a  erie  of tap  from hi  wand. They heaved their luggage back in, put Hedwig on the back  eat, and got into the front. “Check that no one’  watching,”  aid Ron,  tarting the ignition with another tap of hi  wand. Harry  tuck hi  head out of the window: Traffic wa  rumbling along the main road ahead, but their  treet wa  empty. “Okay,” he  aid. Ron pre ed a tiny  ilver button on the da hboard. The car around them vani hed — and  o did they. Harry could feel the  eat vibrating beneath him, hear the engine, feel hi  hand  on hi  knee  and hi  gla e  on hi  no e, but for all he could  ee, he had become a pair of eyeball , floating a few feet above the ground in a dingy  treet full of parked car . “Let’  go,”  aid Ron’  voice from hi  right. And the ground and the dirty building  on either  ide fell away, dropping out of  ight a  the car ro e; in  econd , the whole of London lay,  moky and glittering, below them. Then there wa  a popping noi e and the car, Harry, and Ron reappeared. “Uh-oh,”  aid Ron, jabbing at the Invi ibility Boo ter. “It’  faulty —” Both of them pummeled it. The car vani hed. Then it flickered back again. “Hold on!” Ron yelled, and he  lammed hi  foot on the accelerator; they  hot  traight into the low, woolly cloud  and everything turned dull and foggy. “Now what?”  aid Harry, blinking at the  olid ma  of cloud pre ing in on them from all  ide . “We need to  ee the train to know what direction to go in,”  aid Ron. “Dip back down again — quickly —” They dropped back beneath the cloud  and twi ted around in their  eat ,  quinting at the ground. “I can  ee it!” Harry yelled. “Right ahead — there!” The Hogwart  Expre  wa   treaking along below them like a  carlet  nake. “Due north,”  aid Ron, checking the compa  on the da hboard. “Okay, we’ll ju t have to check on it every half hour or  o — hold on —” And they  hot up through the cloud . A minute later, they bur t out into a blaze of  unlight. It wa  a different world. The wheel  of the car  kimmed the  ea of fluffy cloud, the  ky a bright, endle  blue under the blinding white  un. “All we’ve got to worry about now are airplane ,”  aid Ron. They looked at each other and  tarted to laugh; for a long time, they couldn’t  top. It wa  a  though they had been plunged into a fabulou  dream. Thi , thought Harry, wa   urely the only way to travel — pa t  wirl  and turret  of  nowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright  unlight, with a fat pack of toffee  in the glove compartment, and the pro pect of  eeing Fred’  and George’  jealou  face  when they landed  moothly and  pectacularly on the  weeping lawn in front of Hogwart  ca tle. They made regular check  on the train a  they flew farther and farther north, each dip beneath the cloud   howing them a different view. London wa   oon far behind them, replaced by neat green field  that gave way in turn to wide, purpli h moor , a great city alive with car  like multicolored ant , village  with tiny toy churche . Several uneventful hour  later, however, Harry had to admit that  ome of the fun wa  wearing off. The toffee  had made them extremely thir ty and they had nothing to drink. He and Ron had pulled off their  weater , but Harry’  T- hirt wa   ticking to the back of hi   eat and hi  gla e  kept  liding down to the end of hi   weaty no e. He had  topped noticing the fanta tic cloud  hape  now and wa  thinking longingly of the train mile  below, where you could buy ice-cold pumpkin juice from a trolley pu hed by a plump witch. Why hadn’t they been able to get onto platform nine and three-quarter ? “Can’t be much further, can it?” croaked Ron, hour  later  till, a  the  un  tarted to  ink into their floor of cloud,  taining it a deep pink. “Ready for another check on the train?” It wa   till right below them, winding it  way pa t a  nowcapped mountain. It wa  much darker beneath the canopy of cloud . Ron put hi  foot on the accelerator and drove them upward again, but a  he did  o, the engine began to whine. Harry and Ron exchanged nervou  glance . “It’  probably ju t tired,”  aid Ron. “It’  never been thi  far before.…” And they both pretended not to notice the whining growing louder and louder a  the  ky became  teadily darker. Star  were blo oming in the blackne . Harry pulled hi   weater back on, trying to ignore the way the wind hield wiper  were now waving feebly, a  though in prote t. “Not far,”  aid Ron, more to the car than to Harry, “not far now,” and he patted the da hboard nervou ly. When they flew back beneath the cloud  a little while later, they had to  quint through the darkne  for a landmark they knew. “There!” Harry  houted, making Ron and Hedwig jump. “Straight ahead!” Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over the lake,  tood the many turret  and tower  of Hogwart  ca tle. But the car had begun to  hudder and wa  lo ing  peed. “Come on,” Ron  aid cajolingly, giving the  teering wheel a little  hake, “nearly there, come on —” The engine groaned. Narrow jet  of  team were i uing from under the hood. Harry found him elf gripping the edge  of hi   eat very hard a  they flew toward the lake. The car gave a na ty wobble. Glancing out of hi  window, Harry  aw the  mooth, black, gla y  urface of the water, a mile below. Ron’  knuckle  were white on the  teering wheel. The car wobbled again. “Come on,” Ron muttered. They were over the lake — the ca tle wa  right ahead — Ron put hi  foot down. There wa  a loud clunk, a  plutter, and the engine died completely. “Uh-oh,”  aid Ron, into the  ilence. The no e of the car dropped. They were falling, gathering  peed, heading  traight for the  olid ca tle wall. “Noooooo!” Ron yelled,  winging the  teering wheel around; they mi ed the dark  tone wall by inche  a  the car turned in a great arc,  oaring over the dark greenhou e , then the vegetable patch, and then out over the black lawn , lo ing altitude all the time. Ron let go of the  teering wheel completely and pulled hi  wand out of hi  back pocket — “STOP! STOP!” he yelled, whacking the da hboard and the wind hield, but they were  till plummeting, the ground flying up toward them — “WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE!” Harry bellowed, lunging for the  teering wheel, but too late — CRUNCH. With an ear plitting bang of metal on wood, they hit the thick tree trunk and dropped to the ground with a heavy jolt. Steam wa  billowing from under the crumpled hood; Hedwig wa   hrieking in terror; a golfball- ize lump wa  throbbing on Harry’  head where he had hit the wind hield; and to hi  right, Ron let out a low, de pairing groan. “Are you okay?” Harry  aid urgently. “My wand,”  aid Ron, in a  haky voice. “Look at my wand —” It had  napped, almo t in two; the tip wa  dangling limply, held on by a few  plinter . Harry opened hi  mouth to  ay he wa   ure they’d be able to mend it up at the  chool, but he never even got  tarted. At that very moment,  omething hit hi   ide of the car with the force of a charging bull,  ending him lurching  ideway  into Ron, ju t a  an equally heavy blow hit the roof. “What’  happen —?” Ron ga ped,  taring through the wind hield, and Harry looked around ju t in time to  ee a branch a  thick a  a python  ma h into it. The tree they had hit wa  attacking them. It  trunk wa  bent almo t double, and it  gnarled bough  were pummeling every inch of the car it could reach. “Aaargh!”  aid Ron a  another twi ted limb punched a large dent into hi  door; the wind hield wa  now trembling under a hail of blow  from knuckle-like twig  and a branch a  thick a  a battering ram wa  pounding furiou ly on the roof, which  eemed to be caving in. “Run for it!” Ron  houted, throwing hi  full weight again t hi  door, but next  econd he had been knocked backward into Harry’  lap by a viciou  uppercut from another branch. “We’re done for!” he moaned a  the ceiling  agged, but  uddenly the floor of the car wa  vibrating — the engine had re tarted. “Rever e!” Harry yelled, and the car  hot backward; the tree wa   till trying to hit them; they could hear it  root  creaking a  it almo t ripped it elf up, la hing out at them a  they  ped out of reach. “That,” panted Ron, “wa  clo e. Well done, car —” The car, however, had reached the end of it  tether. With two  harp clunk , the door  flew open and Harry felt hi   eat tip  ideway : Next thing he knew he wa   prawled on the damp ground. Loud thud  told him that the car wa  ejecting their luggage from the trunk; Hedwig’  cage flew through the air and bur t open;  he ro e out of it with an angry  creech and  ped off toward the ca tle without a backward look. Then, dented,  cratched, and  teaming, the car rumbled off into the darkne , it  rear light  blazing angrily. “Come back!” Ron yelled after it, brandi hing hi  broken wand. “Dad’ll kill me!” But the car di appeared from view with one la t  nort from it  exhau t. “Can you believe our luck?”  aid Ron mi erably, bending down to pick up Scabber . “Of all the tree  we could’ve hit, we had to get one that hit  back.” He glanced over hi   houlder at the ancient tree, which wa   till flailing it  branche  threateningly. “Come on,”  aid Harry wearily, “we’d better get up to the  chool.…” It wa n’t at all the triumphant arrival they had pictured. Stiff, cold, and brui ed, they  eized the end  of their trunk  and began dragging them up the gra y  lope, toward the great oak front door . “I think the fea t’  already  tarted,”  aid Ron, dropping hi  trunk at the foot of the front  tep  and cro ing quietly to look through a brightly lit window. “Hey — Harry — come and look — it’  the Sorting!” Harry hurried over and, together, he and Ron peered in at the Great Hall. Innumerable candle  were hovering in midair over four long, crowded table , making the golden plate  and goblet   parkle. Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, which alway  mirrored the  ky out ide,  parkled with  tar . Through the fore t of pointed black Hogwart  hat , Harry  aw a long line of  cared-looking fir t year  filing into the Hall. Ginny wa  among them, ea ily vi ible becau e of her vivid Wea ley hair. Meanwhile, Profe or McGonagall, a be pectacled witch with her hair in a tight bun, wa  placing the famou  Hogwart  Sorting Hat on a  tool before the newcomer . Every year, thi  aged old hat, patched, frayed, and dirty,  orted new  tudent  into the four Hogwart  hou e  (Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin). Harry well remembered putting it on, exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for it  deci ion a  it muttered aloud in hi  ear. For a few horrible  econd  he had feared that the hat wa  going to put him in Slytherin, the hou e that had turned out more Dark witche  and wizard  than any other but he had ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the re t of the Wea ley . La t term, Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the Hou e Champion hip, beating Slytherin for the fir t time in  even year . A very  mall, mou y-haired boy had been called forward to place the hat on hi  head. Harry’  eye  wandered pa t him to where Profe or Dumbledore, the headma ter,  at watching the Sorting from the  taff table, hi  long  ilver beard and half-moon gla e   hining brightly in the candlelight. Several  eat  along, Harry  aw Gilderoy Lockhart, dre ed in robe  of aquamarine. And there at the end wa  Hagrid, huge and hairy, drinking deeply from hi  goblet. “Hang on…” Harry muttered to Ron. “There’  an empty chair at the  taff table.…Where’  Snape?” Profe or Severu  Snape wa  Harry’  lea t favorite teacher. Harry al o happened to be Snape’  lea t favorite  tudent. Cruel,  arca tic, and di liked by everybody except the  tudent  from hi  own hou e (Slytherin), Snape taught Potion . “Maybe he’  ill!”  aid Ron hopefully. “Maybe he’  left,”  aid Harry, “becau e he mi ed out on the Defen e Again t Dark Art  job again!” “Or he might have been  acked!”  aid Ron enthu ia tically. “I mean, everyone hate  him —” “Or maybe,”  aid a very cold voice right behind them, “he’  waiting to hear why you two didn’t arrive on the  chool train.” Harry  pun around. There, hi  black robe  rippling in a cold breeze,  tood Severu  Snape. He wa  a thin man with  allow  kin, a hooked no e, and grea y,  houlder-length black hair, and at thi  moment, he wa   miling in a way that told Harry he and Ron were in very deep trouble. “Follow me,”  aid Snape. Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron followed Snape up the  tep  into the va t, echoing entrance hall, which wa  lit with flaming torche . A deliciou   mell of food wa  wafting from the Great Hall, but Snape led them away from the warmth and light, down a narrow  tone  tairca e that led into the dungeon . “In!” he  aid, opening a door halfway down the cold pa ageway and pointing. They entered Snape’  office,  hivering. The  hadowy wall  were lined with  helve  of large gla  jar , in which floated all manner of revolting thing  Harry didn’t really want to know the name of at the moment. The fireplace wa  dark and empty. Snape clo ed the door and turned to look at them. “So,” he  aid  oftly, “the train i n’t good enough for the famou  Harry Potter and hi  faithful  idekick Wea ley. Wanted to arrive with a bang, did we, boy ?” “No,  ir, it wa  the barrier at King’  Cro , it —” “Silence!”  aid Snape coldly. “What have you done with the car?” Ron gulped. Thi  wa n’t the fir t time Snape had given Harry the impre ion of being able to read mind . But a moment later, he under tood, a  Snape unrolled today’  i ue of the Evening Prophet. “You were  een,” he hi ed,  howing them the headline: FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. He began to read aloud: “Two Muggle  in London, convinced they  aw an old car flying over the Po t Office tower…at noon in Norfolk, Mr . Hetty Bayli , while hanging out her wa hing…Mr. Angu  Fleet, of Peeble , reported to police…Six or  even Muggle  in all. I believe your father work  in the Mi u e of Muggle Artifact  Office?” he  aid, looking up at Ron and  miling  till more na tily. “Dear, dear…hi  own  on…” Harry felt a  though he’d ju t been walloped in the  tomach by one of the mad tree’  larger branche . If anyone found out Mr. Wea ley had bewitched the car…he hadn’t thought of that.… “I noticed, in my  earch of the park, that con iderable damage  eem  to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow,” Snape went on. “That tree did more damage to u  than we —” Ron blurted out. “Silence!”  napped Snape again. “Mo t unfortunately, you are not in my Hou e and the deci ion to expel you doe  not re t with me. I  hall go and fetch the people who do have that happy power. You will wait here.” Harry and Ron  tared at each other, white-faced. Harry didn’t feel hungry any more. He now felt extremely  ick. He tried not to look at a large,  limy  omething  u pended in green liquid on a  helf behind Snape’  de k. If Snape had gone to fetch Profe or McGonagall, head of Gryffindor Hou e, they were hardly any better off. She might be fairer than Snape, but  he wa   till extremely  trict. Ten minute  later, Snape returned, and  ure enough it wa  Profe or McGonagall who accompanied him. Harry had  een Profe or McGonagall angry on  everal occa ion , but either he had forgotten ju t how thin her mouth could go, or he had never  een her thi  angry before. She rai ed her wand the moment  he entered; Harry and Ron both flinched, but  he merely pointed it at the empty fireplace, where flame   uddenly erupted. “Sit,”  he  aid, and they both backed into chair  by the fire. “Explain,”  he  aid, her gla e  glinting ominou ly. Ron launched into the  tory,  tarting with the barrier at the  tation refu ing to let them through. “—  o we had no choice, Profe or, we couldn’t get on the train.” “Why didn’t you  end u  a letter by owl? I believe you have an owl?” Profe or McGonagall  aid coldly to Harry. Harry gaped at her. Now  he  aid it, that  eemed the obviou  thing to have done. “I — I didn’t think —” “That,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, “i  obviou .” There wa  a knock on the office door and Snape, now looking happier than ever, opened it. There  tood the headma ter, Profe or Dumbledore. Harry’  whole body went numb. Dumbledore wa  looking unu ually grave. He  tared down hi  very crooked no e at them, and Harry  uddenly found him elf wi hing he and Ron were  till being beaten up by the Whomping Willow. There wa  a long  ilence. Then Dumbledore  aid, “Plea e explain why you did thi .” It would have been better if he had  houted. Harry hated the di appointment in hi  voice. For  ome rea on, he wa  unable to look Dumbledore in the eye , and  poke in tead to hi  knee . He told Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Wea ley owned the bewitched car, making it  ound a  though he and Ron had happened to find a flying car parked out ide the  tation. He knew Dumbledore would  ee through thi  at once, but Dumbledore a ked no que tion  about the car. When Harry had fini hed, he merely continued to peer at them through hi   pectacle . “We’ll go and get our  tuff,”  aid Ron in a hopele   ort of voice. “What are you talking about, Wea ley?” barked Profe or McGonagall. “Well, you’re expelling u , aren’t you?”  aid Ron. Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore. “Not today, Mr. Wea ley,”  aid Dumbledore. “But I mu t impre  upon both of you the  eriou ne  of what you have done. I will be writing to both your familie  tonight. I mu t al o warn you that if you do anything like thi  again, I will have no choice but to expel you.” Snape looked a  though Chri tma  had been canceled. He cleared hi  throat and  aid, “Profe or Dumbledore, the e boy  have flouted the Decree for the Re triction of Underage Wizardry, cau ed  eriou  damage to an old and valuable tree —  urely act  of thi  nature —” “It will be for Profe or McGonagall to decide on the e boy ’ puni hment , Severu ,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “They are in her Hou e and are therefore her re pon ibility.” He turned to Profe or McGonagall. “I mu t go back to the fea t, Minerva, I’ve got to give out a few notice . Come, Severu , there’  a deliciou -looking cu tard tart I want to  ample —” Snape  hot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron a  he allowed him elf to be  wept out of hi  office, leaving them alone with Profe or McGonagall, who wa   till eyeing them like a wrathful eagle. “You’d better get along to the ho pital wing, Wea ley, you’re bleeding.” “Not much,”  aid Ron, ha tily wiping the cut over hi  eye with hi   leeve. “Profe or, I wanted to watch my  i ter being Sorted —” “The Sorting Ceremony i  over,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Your  i ter i  al o in Gryffindor.” “Oh, good,”  aid Ron. “And  peaking of Gryffindor —” Profe or McGonagall  aid  harply, but Harry cut in: “Profe or, when we took the car, term hadn’t  tarted,  o —  o Gryffindor  houldn’t really have point  taken from it —  hould it?” he fini hed, watching her anxiou ly. Profe or McGonagall gave him a piercing look, but he wa   ure  he had almo t  miled. Her mouth looked le  thin, anyway. “I will not take any point  from Gryffindor,”  he  aid, and Harry’  heart lightened con iderably. “But you will both get a detention.” It wa  better than Harry had expected. A  for Dumbledore’  writing to the Dur ley , that wa  nothing. Harry knew perfectly well they’d ju t be di appointed that the Whomping Willow hadn’t  qua hed him flat. Profe or McGonagall rai ed her wand again and pointed it at Snape’  de k. A large plate of  andwiche , two  ilver goblet , and a jug of iced pumpkin juice appeared with a pop. “You will eat in here and then go  traight up to your dormitory,”  he  aid. “I mu t al o return to the fea t.” When the door had clo ed behind her, Ron let out a long, low whi tle. “I thought we’d had it,” he  aid, grabbing a  andwich. “So did I,”  aid Harry, taking one, too. “Can you believe our luck, though?”  aid Ron thickly through a mouthful of chicken and ham. “Fred and George mu t’ve flown that car five or  ix time  and no Muggle ever  aw them.” He  wallowed and took another huge bite. “Why couldn’t we get through the barrier?” Harry  hrugged. “We’ll have to watch our  tep from now on, though,” he  aid, taking a grateful  wig of pumpkin juice. “Wi h we could’ve gone up to the fea t.…” “She didn’t want u   howing off,”  aid Ron  agely. “Doe n’t want people to think it’  clever, arriving by flying car.” When they had eaten a  many  andwiche  a  they could (the plate kept refilling it elf) they ro e and left the office, treading the familiar path to Gryffindor Tower. The ca tle wa  quiet; it  eemed that the fea t wa  over. They walked pa t muttering portrait  and creaking  uit  of armor, and climbed narrow flight  of  tone  tair , until at la t they reached the pa age where the  ecret entrance to Gryffindor Tower wa  hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a pink  ilk dre . “Pa word?”  he  aid a  they approached. “Er —”  aid Harry. They didn’t know the new year’  pa word, not having met a Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almo t immediately; they heard hurrying feet behind them and turned to  ee Hermione da hing toward them. “There you are! Where have you been? The mo t ridiculou  rumor  —  omeone  aid you’d been expelled for cra hing a flying car!” “Well, we haven’t been expelled,” Harry a ured her. “You’re not telling me you did fly here?”  aid Hermione,  ounding almo t a   evere a  Profe or McGonagall. “Skip the lecture,”  aid Ron impatiently, “and tell u  the new pa word.” “It’  ‘wattlebird,’”  aid Hermione impatiently, “but that’  not the point —” Her word  were cut  hort, however, a  the portrait of the fat lady  wung open and there wa  a  udden  torm of clapping. It looked a  though the whole of Gryffindor Hou e wa   till awake, packed into the circular common room,  tanding on the lop ided table  and  qua hy armchair , waiting for them to arrive. Arm  reached through the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron in ide, leaving Hermione to  cramble in after them. “Brilliant!” yelled Lee Jordan. “In pired! What an entrance! Flying a car right into the Whomping Willow, people’ll be talking about that one for year  —” “Good for you,”  aid a fifth year Harry had never  poken to;  omeone wa  patting him on the back a  though he’d ju t won a marathon; Fred and George pu hed their way to the front of the crowd and  aid together, “Why couldn’t we’ve come in the car, eh?” Ron wa   carlet in the face, grinning embarra edly, but Harry could  ee one per on who didn’t look happy at all. Percy wa  vi ible over the head  of  ome excited fir t year , and he  eemed to be trying to get near enough to  tart telling them off. Harry nudged Ron in the rib  and nodded in Percy’  direction. Ron got the point at once. “Got to get up tair  — bit tired,” he  aid, and the two of them  tarted pu hing their way toward the door on the other  ide of the room, which led to a  piral  tairca e and the dormitorie . “‘Night,” Harry called back to Hermione, who wa  wearing a  cowl ju t like Percy’ . They managed to get to the other  ide of the common room,  till having their back   lapped, and gained the peace of the  tairca e. They hurried up it, right to the top, and at la t reached the door of their old dormitory, which now had a  ign on it  aying SECOND YEARS. They entered the familiar, circular room, with it  five four-po ter  hung with red velvet and it  high, narrow window . Their trunk  had been brought up for them and  tood at the end  of their bed . Ron grinned guiltily at Harry. “I know I  houldn’t’ve enjoyed that or anything, but…” The dormitory door flew open and in came the other  econd year Gryffindor boy , Seamu  Finnigan, Dean Thoma , and Neville Longbottom. “Unbelievable!” beamed Seamu . “Cool,”  aid Dean. “Amazing,”  aid Neville, awe truck. Harry couldn’t help it. He grinned, too. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER SIX GILDEROY LOCKHART T he next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. Thing   tarted to go downhill from breakfa t in the Great Hall. The four long hou e table  were laden with tureen  of porridge, plate  of kipper , mountain  of toa t, and di he  of egg  and bacon, beneath the enchanted ceiling (today, a dull, cloudy gray). Harry and Ron  at down at the Gryffindor table next to Hermione, who had her copy of Voyage  with Vampire  propped open again t a milk jug. There wa  a  light  tiffne  in the way  he  aid “Morning,” which told Harry that  he wa   till di approving of the way they had arrived. Neville Longbottom, on the other hand, greeted them cheerfully. Neville wa  a round-faced and accident-prone boy with the wor t memory of anyone Harry had ever met. “Mail’  due any minute — I think Gran’   ending a few thing  I forgot.” Harry had only ju t  tarted hi  porridge when,  ure enough, there wa  a ru hing  ound overhead and a hundred or  o owl   treamed in, circling the hall and dropping letter  and package  into the chattering crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Neville’  head and, a  econd later,  omething large and gray fell into Hermione’  jug,  praying them all with milk and feather . “Errol!”  aid Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet. Errol  lumped, Uncon ciou , onto the table, hi  leg  in the air and a damp red envelope in hi  beak. “Oh, no —” Ron ga ped. “It’  all right, he’   till alive,”  aid Hermione, prodding Errol gently with the tip of her finger. “It’  not that — it’  that.” Ron wa  pointing at the red envelope. It looked quite ordinary to Harry, but Ron and Neville were both looking at it a  though they expected it to explode. “What’  the matter?”  aid Harry. “She’  —  he’   ent me a Howler,”  aid Ron faintly. “You’d better open it, Ron,”  aid Neville in a timid whi per. “It’ll be wor e if you Don’t My gran  ent me one once, and I ignored it and” — he gulped —“it wa  horrible.” Harry looked from their petrified face  to the red envelope. “What’  a Howler?” he  aid. But Ron’  whole attention wa  fixed on the letter, which had begun to  moke at the corner . “Open it,” Neville urged. “It’ll all be over in a few minute  —” Ron  tretched out a  haking hand, ea ed the envelope from Errol’  beak, and  lit it open. Neville  tuffed hi  finger  in hi  ear . A  plit  econd later, Harry knew why. He thought for a moment it had exploded; a roar of  ound filled the huge hall,  haking du t from the ceiling. “—STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDN’T HAVE BEEN SURPRISED IF THEY’D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DON’T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHER AND I WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE —” Mr . Wea ley  yell , a hundred time  louder than u ual, made the plate  and  poon  rattle on the table, and echoed deafeningly off the  tone wall . People throughout the hall were  wiveling around to  ee who had received the Howler, and Ron  ank  o low in hi  chair that only hi  crim on forehead could be  een. “—LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN’T BRING YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, YOU AND HARRY COULD BOTH HAVE DIED —” Harry had been wondering when hi  name wa  going to crop up. He tried very hard to look a  though he couldn’t hear the voice that wa  making hi  eardrum  throb. “—ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED — YOUR FATHER’S FACING AN INQUIRY AT WORK, IT’S ENTIRELY YOUR FAULT AND IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE WE’LL BRING YOU STRAIGHT BACK HOME.” A ringing  ilence fell. The red envelope, which had dropped from Ron’  hand, bur t into flame  and curled into a he . Harry and Ron  at  tunned, a  though a tidal wave had ju t pa ed over them. A few people laughed and, gradually, a babble of talk broke out again. Hermione clo ed Voyage  with Vampire  and looked down at the top of Ron’  head. “Well, I don’t know what you expected, Ron, but you —” “Don’t tell me I de erved it,”  napped Ron. Harry pu hed hi  porridge away. Hi  in ide  were burning with guilt. Mr. Wea ley wa  facing an inquiry at work. After all Mr. and Mr . Wea ley had done for him over the  ummer… But he had no time to dwell on thi ; Profe or McGonagall wa  moving along the Gryffindor table, handing out cour e  chedule . Harry took hi  and  aw that they had double Herbology with the Hufflepuff  fir t. Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the ca tle together, cro ed the vegetable patch, and made for the greenhou e , where the magical plant  were kept. At lea t the Howler had done one good thing: Hermione  eemed to think they had now been puni hed enough and wa  being perfectly friendly again. A  they neared the greenhou e  they  aw the re t of the cla   tanding out ide, waiting for Profe or Sprout. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had only ju t joined them when  he came  triding into view acro  the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Profe or Sprout’  arm  were full of bandage , and with another twinge of guilt, Harry  potted the Whomping Willow in the di tance,  everal of it  branche  now in  ling . Profe or Sprout wa  a  quat little witch who wore a patched hat over her flyaway hair; there wa  u ually a large amount of earth on her clothe  and her fingernail  would have made Aunt Petunia faint. Gilderoy Lockhart, however, wa  immaculate in  weeping robe  of turquoi e, hi  golden hair  hining under a perfectly po itioned turquoi e hat with gold trimming. “Oh, hello there!” he called, beaming around at the a embled  tudent . “Ju t been  howing Profe or Sprout the right way to doctor a Whomping Willow! But I don’t want you running away with the idea that I’m better at Herbology than  he i ! I ju t happen to have met  everal of the e exotic plant  on my travel …” “Greenhou e three today, chap !”  aid Profe or Sprout, who wa  looking di tinctly di gruntled, not at all her u ual cheerful  elf. There wa  a murmur of intere t. They had only ever worked in greenhou e one before — greenhou e three hou ed far more intere ting and dangerou  plant . Profe or Sprout took a large key from her belt and unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp earth and fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume of  ome giant, umbrella- ized flower  dangling from the ceiling. He wa  about to follow Ron and Hermione in ide when Lockhart’  hand  hot out. “Harry! I’ve been wanting a word — you don’t mind if he’  a couple of minute  late, do you, Profe or Sprout?” Judging by Profe or Sprout’   cowl,  he did mind, but Lockhart  aid, “That’  the ticket,” and clo ed the greenhou e door in her face. “Harry,”  aid Lockhart, hi  large white teeth gleaming in the  unlight a  he  hook hi  head. “Harry, Harry, Harry.” Completely nonplu ed, Harry  aid nothing. “When I heard — well, of cour e, it wa  all my fault. Could have kicked my elf.” Harry had no idea what he wa  talking about. He wa  about to  ay  o when Lockhart went on, “Don’t know when I’ve been more  hocked. Flying a car to Hogwart ! Well, of cour e, I knew at once why you’d done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, Harry.” It wa  remarkable how he could  how every one of tho e brilliant teeth even when he wa n’t talking. “Gave you a ta te for publicity, didn’t I?”  aid Lockhart. “Gave you the bug. You got onto the front page of the paper with me and you couldn’t wait to do it again.” “Oh, no, Profe or,  ee —” “Harry, Harry, Harry,”  aid Lockhart, reaching out and gra ping hi   houlder. “I under tand. Natural to want a bit more once you’ve had that fir t ta te — and I blame my elf for giving you that, becau e it wa  bound to go to your head — but  ee here, young man, you can’t  tart flying car  to try and get your elf noticed. Ju t calm down, all right? Plenty of time for all that when you’re older. Ye , ye , I know what you’re thinking! ‘It’  all right for him, he’  an internationally famou  wizard already!’ But when I wa  twelve, I wa  ju t a  much of a nobody a  you are now. In fact, I’d  ay I wa  even more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, haven’t they? All that bu ine  with He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named!” He glanced at the lightning  car on Harry’  forehead. “I know, I know — it’  not quite a  good a  winning Witch Weekly’  Mo t Charming Smile Award five time  in a row, a  I have — but it’  a  tart, Harry, it’  a  tart.” He gave Harry a hearty wink and  trode off. Harry  tood  tunned for a few  econd , then, remembering he wa   uppo ed to be in the greenhou e, he opened the door and  lid in ide. Profe or Sprout wa   tanding behind a tre tle bench in the center of the greenhou e. About twenty pair  of different-colored ear muff  were lying on the bench. When Harry had taken hi  place between Ron and Hermione,  he  aid, “We’ll be repotting Mandrake  today. Now, who can tell me the propertie  of the Mandrake?” To nobody’   urpri e, Hermione’  hand wa  fir t into the air. “Mandrake, or Mandragora, i  a powerful re torative,”  aid Hermione,  ounding a  u ual a  though  he had  wallowed the textbook. “It i  u ed to return people who have been tran figured or cur ed to their original  tate.” “Excellent. Ten point  to Gryffindor,”  aid Profe or Sprout. “The Mandrake form  an e ential part of mo t antidote . It i  al o, however, dangerou . Who can tell me why?” Hermione’  hand narrowly mi ed Harry’  gla e  a  it  hot up again. “The cry of the Mandrake i  fatal to anyone who hear  it,”  he  aid promptly. “Preci ely. Take another ten point ,”  aid Profe or Sprout. “Now, the Mandrake  we have here are  till very young.” She pointed to a row of deep tray  a   he  poke, and everyone  huffled forward for a better look. A hundred or  o tufty little plant , purpli h green in color, were growing there in row . They looked quite unremarkable to Harry, who didn’t have the  lighte t idea what Hermione meant by the “cry” of the Mandrake. “Everyone take a pair of earmuff ,”  aid Profe or Sprout. There wa  a  cramble a  everyone tried to  eize a pair that wa n’t pink and fluffy. “When I tell you to put them on, make  ure your ear  are completely covered,”  aid Profe or Sprout. “When it i   afe to remove them, I will give you the thumb -up. Right — earmuff  on.” Harry  napped the earmuff  over hi  ear . They  hut out  ound completely. Profe or Sprout put the pink, fluffy pair over her own ear , rolled up the  leeve  of her robe , gra ped one of the tufty plant  firmly, and pulled hard. Harry let out a ga p of  urpri e that no one could hear. In tead of root , a  mall, muddy, and extremely ugly baby popped out of the earth. The leave  were growing right out of hi  head. He had pale green, mottled  kin, and wa  clearly bawling at the top of hi  lung . Profe or Sprout took a large plant pot from under the table and plunged the Mandrake into it, burying him in dark, damp compo t until only the tufted leave  were vi ible. Profe or Sprout du ted off her hand , gave them all the thumb -up, and removed her own earmuff . “A  our Mandrake  are only  eedling , their crie  won’t kill yet,”  he  aid calmly a  though  he’d ju t done nothing more exciting than water a begonia. “However, they will knock you out for  everal hour , and a  I’m  ure none of you want to mi  your fir t day back, make  ure your earmuff  are  ecurely in place while you work. I will attract your attention when it i  time to pack up. “Four to a tray — there i  a large  upply of pot  here — compo t in the  ack  over there — and be careful of the Venemou  Tentacula, it’  teething.” She gave a  harp  lap to a  piky, dark red plant a   he  poke, making it draw in the long feeler  that had been inching  neakily over her  houlder. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by a curly-haired Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by  ight but had never  poken to. “Ju tin Finch-Fletchley,” he  aid brightly,  haking Harry by the hand. “Know who you are, of cour e, the famou  Harry Potter.…And you’re Hermione Granger — alway  top in everything” (Hermione beamed a   he had her hand  haken too) “— and Ron Wea ley. Wa n’t that your flying car?” Ron didn’t  mile. The Howler wa  obviou ly  till on hi  mind. “That Lockhart’   omething, i n’t he?”  aid Ju tin happily a  they began filling their plant pot  with dragon dung compo t. “Awfully brave chap. Have you read hi  book ? I’d have died of fear if Id been cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but he  tayed cool and — zap — ju t fanta tic. “My name wa  down for Eton, you know. I can’t tell you how glad I am I came here in tead. Of cour e, Mother wa   lightly di appointed, but  ince I made her read Lockhart’  book  I think  he’  begun to  ee how u eful it’ll be to have a fully trained wizard in the family.…” After that they didn’t have much chance to talk. Their earmuff  were back on and they needed to concentrate on the Mandrake . Profe or Sprout had made it look extremely ea y, but it wa n’t. The Mandrake  didn’t like coming out of the earth, but didn’t  eem to want to go back into it either. They  quirmed, kicked, flailed their  harp little fi t , and gna hed their teeth; Harry  pent ten whole minute  trying to  qua h a particularly fat one into a pot. By the end of the cla , Harry, like everyone el e, wa   weaty, aching, and covered in earth. Everyone traip ed back to the ca tle for a quick wa h and then the Gryffindor  hurried off to Tran figuration. Profe or McGonagall’  cla e  were alway  hard work, but today wa  e pecially difficult. Everything Harry had learned la t year  eemed to have leaked out of hi  head during the  ummer. He wa   uppo ed to be turning a beetle into a button, but all he managed to do wa  give hi  beetle a lot of exerci e a  it  cuttled over the de ktop avoiding hi  wand. Ron wa  having far wor e problem . He had patched up hi  wand with  ome borrowed Spellotape, but it  eemed to be damaged beyond repair. It kept crackling and  parking at odd moment , and every time Ron tried to tran figure hi  beetle it engulfed him in thick gray  moke that  melled of rotten egg . Unable to  ee what he wa  doing, Ron accidentally  qua hed hi  beetle with hi  elbow and had to a k for a new one. Profe or McGonagall wa n’t plea ed. Harry wa  relieved to hear the lunch bell. Hi  brain felt like a wrung  ponge. Everyone filed out of the cla room except him and Ron, who wa  whacking hi  wand furiou ly on the de k. “Stupid — u ele  — thing —” “Write home for another one,” Harry  ugge ted a  the wand let off a volley of bang  like a firecracker. “Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back,”  aid Ron,  tuffing the now hi ing wand into hi  bag. “ ‘It’  your own fault your wand got  napped —’” They went down to lunch, where Ron’  mood wa  not improved by Hermione’   howing them the handful of perfect coat button   he had produced in Tran figuration. “What’ve we got thi  afternoon?”  aid Harry, ha tily changing the  ubject. “Defen e Again t the Dark Art ,”  aid Hermione at once. “Why, “demanded Ron,  eizing her  chedule, “have you outlined all Lockhart’  le on  in little heart ?” Hermione  natched the  chedule back, blu hing furiou ly. They fini hed lunch and went out ide into the overca t courtyard. Hermione  at down on a  tone  tep and buried her no e in Voyage  with Vampire  again. Harry and Ron  tood talking about Quidditch for  everal minute  before Harry became aware that he wa  being clo ely watched. Looking up, he  aw the very  mall, mou y-haired boy he’d  een trying on the Sorting Hat la t night  taring at Harry a  though tran fixed. He wa  clutching what looked like an ordinary Muggle camera, and the moment Harry looked at him, he went bright red. “All right, Harry? I’m — I’m Colin Creevey,” he  aid breathle ly, taking a tentative  tep forward. “I’m in Gryffindor, too. D’you think — would it be all right if — can I have a picture?” he  aid, rai ing the camera hopefully. “A picture?” Harry repeated blankly. “So I can prove I’ve met you,”  aid Colin Creevey eagerly, edging further forward. “I know all about you. Everyone’  told me. About how you  urvived when You-Know-Who tried to kill you and how he di appeared and everything and how you’ve  till got a lightning  car on your forehead” (hi  eye  raked Harry’  hairline) “and a boy in my dormitory  aid if I develop the film in the right potion, the picture ’ll move.” Colin drew a great  huddering breath of excitement and  aid, “It’  amazing here, i n’t it? I never knew all the odd  tuff I could do wa  magic till I got the letter from Hogwart . My dad’  a milkman, he couldn’t believe it either. So I’m taking load  of picture  to  end home to him. And it’d be really good if I had one of you” — he looked imploringly at Harry — “maybe your friend could take it and I could  tand next to you? And then, could you  ign it?” “Signed photo ? You’re giving out  igned photo , Potter?” Loud and  cathing, Draco Malfoy’  voice echoed around the courtyard. He had  topped right behind Colin, flanked, a  he alway  wa  at Hogwart , by hi  large and thuggi h cronie , Crabbe and Goyle. “Everyone line up!” Malfoy roared to the crowd. “Harry Potter’  giving out  igned photo !” “No, I’m not,”  aid Harry angrily, hi  fi t  clenching. “Shut up, Malfoy.” “You’re ju t jealou ,” piped up Colin, who e entire body wa  about a  thick a  Crabbe’  neck. “Jealou ?”  aid Malfoy, who didn’t need to  hout anymore: half the courtyard wa  li tening in. “Of what? I don’t want a foul  car right acro  my head, thank . I don’t think getting your head cut open make  you that  pecial, my elf.” Crabbe and Goyle were  niggering  tupidly. “Eat  lug , Malfoy,”  aid Ron angrily. Crabbe  topped laughing and  tarted rubbing hi  knuckle  in a menacing way. “Be careful, Wea ley,”  neered Malfoy. “You don’t want to  tart any trouble or your Mommy’ll have to come and take you away from  chool.” He put on a  hrill, piercing voice. “‘If you put another toe out of line’—” A knot of Slytherin fifth-year  nearby laughed loudly at thi . “Wea ley would like a  igned photo, Potter,”  mirked Malfoy. “It’d be worth more than hi  family’  whole hou e —” Ron whipped out hi  Spellotaped wand, but Hermione  hut Voyage  with Vampire  with a  nap and whi pered, “Look out!” “What’  all thi , what’  all thi ?” Gilderoy Lockhart wa   triding toward them, hi  turquoi e robe   wirling behind him. “Who’  giving out  igned photo ?” Harry  tarted to  peak but he wa  cut  hort a  Lockhart flung an arm around hi   houlder  and thundered jovially, “Shouldn’t have a ked! We meet again, Harry!” Pinned to Lockhart’   ide and burning with humiliation, Harry  aw Malfoy  lide  mirking back into the crowd. “Come on then, Mr. Creevey,”  aid Lockhart, beaming at Colin. “A double portrait, can’t do better than that, and we’ll both  ign it for you.” Colin fumbled for hi  camera and took the picture a  the bell rang behind them,  ignaling the  tart of afternoon cla e . “Off you go, move along there,” Lockhart called to the crowd, and he  et off back to the ca tle with Harry, who wa  wi hing he knew a good Vani hing Spell,  till cla ped to hi   ide. “A word to the wi e, Harry,”  aid Lockhart paternally a  they entered the building through a  ide door. “I covered up for you back there with young Creevey — if he wa  photographing me, too, your  choolmate  won’t think you’re  etting your elf up  o much.…” Deaf to Harry’   tammer , Lockhart  wept him down a corridor lined with  taring  tudent  and up a  tairca e. “Let me ju t  ay that handing out  igned picture  at thi   tage of your career i n’t  en ible — look  a tad bigheaded, Harry, to be frank. There may well come a time when, like me, you’ll need to keep a  tack handy wherever you go, but” — he gave a little chortle — “I don’t think you’re quite there yet.” They had reached Lockhart’  cla room and he let Harry go at la t. Harry yanked hi  robe   traight and headed for a  eat at the very back of the cla , where he bu ied him elf with piling all  even of Lockhart’  book  in front of him,  o that he could avoid looking at the real thing. The re t of the cla  came clattering in, and Ron and Hermione  at down on either  ide of Harry. “You could’ve fried an egg on your face”  aid Ron. “You’d better hope Creevey doe n’t meet Ginny, or they’ll be  tarting a Harry Potter fan club.” “Shut up,”  napped Harry. The la t thing he needed wa  for Lockhart to hear the phra e “Harry Potter fan club” When the whole cla  wa   eated, Lockhart cleared hi  throat loudly and  ilence fell. He reached forward, picked up Neville Longbottom’  copy of Travel  with Troll , and held it up to  how hi  own, winking portrait on the front. “Me,” he  aid, pointing at it and winking a  well. “Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Cla , Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defen e League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly’  Mo t Charming Smile Award but I don’t talk about that. I didn’t get rid of the Bandon Ban hee by  miling at her!” He waited for them to laugh; a few people  miled weakly. “I  ee you’ve all bought a complete  et of my book  — well done. I thought we’d  tart today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about — ju t to check how well you’ve read them, how much you’ve taken in —” When he had handed out the te t paper  he returned to the front of the cla  and  aid, “You have thirty minute  —  tart — now!” Harry looked down at hi  paper and read: 1. What i  Gilderoy Lockhart ‘  favorite color? 2. What i  Gilderoy Lockhart’   ecret ambition? 3. What, in your opinion, i  Gilderoy Lockhart’  greate t achievement to date? On and on it went, over three  ide  of paper, right down to: 54. When i  Gilderoy Lockhart’  birthday, and what would hi  ideal gift be? Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the paper  and rifled through them in front of the cla . “Tut, tut — hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color i  lilac. I  ay  o in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read Wandering  with Werewolve  more carefully — I clearly  tate in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all magic and non-magic people  — though I wouldn’t  ay no to a large bottle of Ogded  Old Firewhi ky!” He gave them another rogui h wink. Ron wa  now  taring at Lockhart with an expre ion of di belief on hi  face; Seamu  Finnigan and Dean Thoma , who were  itting in front, were  haking with  ilent laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, wa  li tening to Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a  tart when he mentioned her name. “…but Mi  Hermione Granger knew my  ecret ambition i  to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potion  — good girl! In fact” — he flipped her paper over — “full mark ! Where i  Mi  Hermione Granger?” Hermione rai ed a trembling hand. “Excellent!” beamed Lockhart. “Quite excellent! Take ten point  for Gryffindor! And  o — to bu ine  —” He bent down behind hi  de k and lifted a large, covered cage onto it. “Now — be warned! It i  my job to arm you again t the foule t creature  known to wizardkind! You may find your elve  facing your wor t fear  in thi  room. Know only that no harm can befall you whil t I am here. All I a k i  that you remain calm.” In  pite of him elf, Harry leaned around hi  pile of book  for a better look at the cage. Lockhart placed a hand on the cover. Dean and Seamu  had  topped laughing now. Neville wa  cowering in hi  front row  eat. “I mu t a k you not to  cream,”  aid Lockhart in a low voice. “It might provoke them.” A  the whole cla  held it  breath, Lockhart whipped off the cover. “Ye ,” he  aid dramatically. “Fre hly caught Corni h pixie .” Seamu  Finnigan couldn’t control him elf. He let out a  nort of laughter that even Lockhart couldn’t mi take for a  cream of terror. “Ye ?” He  miled at Seamu . “Well, they’re not — they’re not very — dangerou , are they?” Seamu  choked. “Don’t be  o  ure!”  aid Lockhart, waggling a finger annoyingly at Seamu . “Devili h tricky little blighter  they can be!” The pixie  were electric blue and about eight inche  high, with pointed face  and voice   o  hrill it wa  like li tening to a lot of budgie  arguing. The moment the cover had been removed, they had  tarted jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bar  and making bizarre face  at the people neare t them. “Right, then,” Lockhart  aid loudly. “Let’   ee what you make of them!” And he opened the cage. It wa  pandemonium. The pixie   hot in every direction like rocket . Two of them  eized Neville by the ear  and lifted him into the air. Several  hot  traight through the window,  howering the back row with broken gla . The re t proceeded to wreck the cla room more effectively than a rampaging rhino. They grabbed ink bottle  and  prayed the cla  with them,  hredded book  and paper , tore picture  from the wall , up-ended the wa te ba ket, grabbed bag  and book  and threw them out of the  ma hed window; within minute , half the cla  wa   heltering under de k  and Neville wa   winging from the iron chandelier in the ceiling. “Come on now — round them up, round them up, they’re only pixie ,” Lockhart  houted. He rolled up hi   leeve , brandi hed hi  wand, and bellowed, “Pe kipik i Pe ternomi!” It had ab olutely no effect; one of the pixie   eized hi  wand and threw it out of the window, too. Lockhart gulped and dived under hi  own de k, narrowly avoiding being  qua hed by Neville, who fell a  econd later a  the chandelier gave way. The bell rang and there wa  a mad ru h toward the exit. In the relative calm that followed, Lockhart  traightened up, caught  ight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who were almo t at the door, and  aid, “Well, I’ll a k you three to ju t nip the re t of them back into their cage.” He  wept pa t them and  hut the door quickly behind him. “Can you believe him?” roared Ron a  one of the remaining pixie  bit him painfully on the ear. “He ju t want  to give u   ome hand -on experience,”  aid Hermione, immobilizing two pixie  at once with a clever Freezing Charm and  tuffing them back into their cage. “Hand  on? “ aid Harry, who wa  trying to grab a pixie dancing out of reach with it  tongue out. “Hermione, he didn’t have a clue what he wa  doing —” “Rubbi h,”  aid Hermione. “You’ve read hi  book  — look at all tho e amazing thing  he’  done —” “He  ay  he’  done,” Ron muttered. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER SEVEN MUDBLOODS AND MURMURS H arry  pent a lot of time over the next few day  dodging out of  ight whenever he  aw Gilderoy Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder to avoid wa  Colin Creevey, who  eemed to have memorized Harry’   chedule. Nothing  eemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to  ay, “All right, Harry?”  ix or  even time  a day and hear, “Hello, Colin,” back, however exa perated Harry  ounded when he  aid it. Hedwig wa   till angry with Harry about the di a trou  car journey and Ron’  wand wa   till malfunctioning,  urpa ing it elf on Friday morning by  hooting out of Ron’  hand in Charm  and hitting tiny old Profe or Flitwick  quarely between the eye , creating a large, throbbing green boil where it had  truck. So with one thing and another, Harry wa  quite glad to reach the weekend. He, Ron, and Hermione were planning to vi it Hagrid on Saturday morning. Harry, however, wa   haken awake  everal hour  earlier than he would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. “Wha amatter?”  aid Harry groggily. “Quidditch practice!”  aid Wood. “Come on!” Harry  quinted at the window. There wa  a thin mi t hanging acro  the pink-and-gold  ky. Now that he wa  awake, he couldn’t under tand how he could have  lept through the racket the bird  were making. “Oliver,” Harry croaked. “It’  the crack of dawn.” “Exactly,”  aid Wood. He wa  a tall and burly  ixth year and, at the moment, hi  eye  were gleaming with a crazed enthu ia m. “It’  part of our new training program. Come on, grab your broom, and let’  go,”  aid Wood heartily. “None of the other team  have  tarted training yet; we’re going to be fir t off the mark thi  year —” Yawning and  hivering  lightly, Harry climbed out of bed and tried to find hi  Quidditch robe . “Good man,”  aid Wood. “Meet you on the field in fifteen minute .” When he’d found hi   carlet team robe  and pulled on hi  cloak for warmth, Harry  cribbled a note to Ron explaining where he’d gone and went down the  piral  tairca e to the common room, hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and on hi   houlder. He had ju t reached the portrait hole when there wa  a clatter behind him and Colin Creevey came da hing down the  piral  tairca e, hi  camera  winging madly around hi  neck and  omething clutched in hi  hand. “I heard  omeone  aying your name on the  tair , Harry! Look what I’ve got here! I’ve had it developed, I wanted to  how you —” Harry looked bemu edly at the photograph Colin wa  brandi hing under hi  no e. A moving, black-and-white Lockhart wa  tugging hard on an arm Harry recognized a  hi  own. He wa  plea ed to  ee that hi  photographic  elf wa  putting up a good fight and refu ing to be dragged into view. A  Harry watched, Lockhart gave up and  lumped, Panting, again t the white edge of the picture. “Will you  ign it?”  aid Colin eagerly. “No,”  aid Harry flatly, glancing around to check that the room wa  really de erted. “Sorry, Colin, I’m in a hurry — Quidditch practice —” He climbed through the portrait hole. “Oh, wow! Wait for me! I’ve never watched a Quidditch game before!” Colin  crambled through the hole after him. “It’ll be really boring,” Harry  aid quickly, but Colin ignored him, hi  face  hining with excitement. “You were the younge t Hou e player in a hundred year , weren’t you, Harry? Weren’t you?”  aid Colin, trotting along ide him. “You mu t be brilliant. I’ve never flown. I  it ea y? I  that your own broom? I  that the be t one there i ?” Harry didn’t know how to get rid of him. It wa  like having an extremely talkative  hadow. “I don’t really under tand Quidditch,”  aid Colin breathle ly. “I  it true there are four ball ? And two of them fly around trying to knock people off their broom ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry heavily, re igned to explaining the complicated rule  of Quidditch. “They’re called Bludger . There are two Beater  on each team who carry club  to beat the Bludger  away from their  ide. Fred and George Wea ley are the Gryffindor Beater .” “And what are the other ball  for?” Colin a ked, tripping down a couple of  tep  becau e he wa  gazing open-mouthed at Harry. “Well, the Quaffle — that’  the biggi h red one — i  the one that  core  goal . Three Cha er  on each team throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through the goal po t  at the end of the pitch — they’re three long pole  with hoop  on the end.” “And the fourth ball —” “— i  the Golden Snitch,”  aid Harry, “and it’  very  mall, very fa t, and difficult to catch. But that’  what the Seeker’  got to do, becau e a game of Quidditch doe n’t end until the Snitch ha  been caught. And whichever team’  Seeker get  the Snitch earn  hi  team an extra hundred and fifty point .” “And you’re the Gryffindor Seeker, aren’t you?”  aid Colin in awe. “Ye ,”  aid Harry a  they left the ca tle and  tarted acro  the dew-drenched gra . “And there’  the Keeper, too. He guard  the goal po t . That’  it, really.” But Colin didn’t  top que tioning Harry all the way down the  loping lawn  to the Quidditch field, and Harry only  hook him off when he reached the changing room ; Colin called after him in a piping voice, “I’ll go and get a good  eat, Harry!” and hurried off to the  tand . The re t of the Gryffindor team were already in the changing room. Wood wa  the only per on who looked truly awake. Fred and George Wea ley were  itting, puffy-eyed and tou lehaired, next to fourth year Alicia Spinnet, who  eemed to be nodding off again t the wall behind her. Her fellow Cha er , Katie Bell and Angelina John on, were yawning  ide by  ide oppo ite them. “There you are, Harry, what kept you?”  aid Wood bri kly. “Now, I wanted a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field, becau e I  pent the  ummer devi ing a whole new training program, which I really think will make all the difference….” Wood wa  holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch field, on which were drawn many line , arrow , and cro e  in different colored ink . He took out hi  wand, tapped the board, and the arrow  began to wiggle over the diagram like caterpillar . A  Wood launched into a  peech about hi  new tactic , Fred Wea ley’  head drooped right onto Alicia Spinnet’   houlder and he began to  nore. The fir t board took nearly twenty minute  to explain, but there wa  another board under that, and a third under that one. Harry  ank into a  tupor a  Wood droned on and on. “So,”  aid Wood, at long la t, jerking Harry from a wi tful fanta y about what he could be eating for breakfa t at thi  very moment up at the ca tle. “I  that clear? Any que tion ?” “I’ve got a que tion, Oliver,”  aid George, who had woken with a  tart. “Why couldn’t you have told u  all thi  ye terday when we were awake?” Wood wa n’t plea ed. “Now, li ten here, you lot,” he  aid, glowering at them all. “We  hould have won the Quidditch cup la t year. We’re ea ily the be t team. But unfortunately — owing to circum tance  beyond our control —” Harry  hifted guiltily in hi   eat. He had been uncon ciou  in the ho pital wing for the final match of the previou  year, meaning that Gryffindor had been a player  hort and had  uffered their wor t defeat in three hundred year . Wood took a moment to regain control of him elf. Their la t defeat wa  clearly  till torturing him. “So thi  year, we train harder than ever before.…Okay, let’  go and put our new theorie  into practice!” Wood  houted,  eizing hi  broom tick and leading the way out of the locker room . Stiff-legged and  till yawning, hi  team followed. They had been in the locker room  o long that the  un wa  up completely now, although remnant  of mi t hung over the gra  in the  tadium. A  Harry walked onto the field, he  aw Ron and Hermione  itting in the  tand . “Aren’t you fini hed yet?” called Ron incredulou ly. “Haven’t even  tarted,”  aid Harry, looking jealou ly at the toa t and marmalade Ron and Hermione had brought out of the Great Hall. “Wood’  been teaching u  new move .” He mounted hi  broom tick and kicked at the ground,  oaring up into the air. The cool morning air whipped hi  face, waking him far more effectively than Wood’  long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on the Quidditch field. He  oared right around the  tadium at full  peed, racing Fred and George. “What’  that funny clicking noi e?” called Fred a  they hurtled around the corner. Harry looked into the  tand . Colin wa   itting in one of the highe t  eat , hi  camera rai ed, taking picture after picture, the  ound  trangely magnified in the de erted  tadium. “Look thi  way, Harry! Thi  way!” he cried  hrilly. “Who’  that?”  aid Fred. “No idea,” Harry lied, putting on a  purt of  peed that took him a  far away a  po ible from Colin. “What’  going on?”  aid Wood, frowning, a  he  kimmed through the air toward them. “Why’  that fir t year taking picture ? I don’t like it. He could be a Slytherin  py, trying to find out about our new training program.” “He’  in Gryffindor,”  aid Harry quickly. “And the Slytherin  don’t need a  py, Oliver,”  aid George. “What make  you  ay that?”  aid Wood te tily. “Becau e they’re here in per on,”  aid George, pointing. Several people in green robe  were walking onto the field, broom tick  in their hand . “I don’t believe it!” Wood hi ed in outrage. “I booked the field for today! We’ll  ee about thi !” Wood  hot toward the ground, landing rather harder than he meant to in hi  anger,  taggering  lightly a  he di mounted. Harry, Fred, and George followed. “Flint!” Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. “Thi  i  our practice time! We got up  pecially! You can clear off now!” Marcu  Flint wa  even larger than Wood. He had a look of trolli h cunning on hi  face a  he replied, “Plenty of room for all of u , Wood.” Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were no girl  on the Slytherin team, who  tood  houlder to  houlder, facing the Gryffindor , leering to a man. “But I booked the field!”  aid Wood, po itively  pitting with rage. “I booked it!” “Ah,”  aid Flint. “But I’ve got a  pecially  igned note here from Profe or Snape. ‘I, Profe or S. Snape, give the Slytherin team permi ion to practice today on the Quidditch field owing to the need to train their new Seeker’.” “You’ve got a new Seeker?”  aid Wood, di tracted. “Where?” And from behind the  ix large figure  before them came a  eventh,  maller boy,  mirking all over hi  pale, pointed face. It wa  Draco Malfoy. “Aren’t you Luciu  Malfoy’   on?”  aid Fred, looking at Malfoy with di like. “Funny you  hould mention Draco’  father,”  aid Flint a  the whole Slytherin team  miled  till more broadly. “Let me  how you the generou  gift he’  made to the Slytherin team.” All  even of them held out their broom tick . Seven highly poli hed, brand-new handle  and  even  et  of fine gold lettering  pelling the word  Nimbu  Two Thou and and One gleamed under the Gryffindor ’ no e  in the early morning  un. “Very late t model. Only came out la t month,”  aid Flint carele ly, flicking a  peck of du t from the end of hi  own. “I believe it out trip  the old Two Thou and  erie  by a con iderable amount. A  for the old Clean weep ” — he  miled na tily at Fred and George, who were both clutching Clean weep Five  —“  weep  the board with them.” None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to  ay for a moment. Malfoy wa   mirking  o broadly hi  cold eye  were reduced to  lit . “Oh, look,”  aid Flint. “A field inva ion.” Ron and Hermione were cro ing the gra  to  ee what wa  going on. “What’  happening?” Ron a ked Harry. “Why aren’t you playing? And what’  he doing here?” He wa  looking at Malfoy, taking in hi  Slytherin Quidditch robe . “I’m the new Slytherin Seeker, Wea ley,”  aid Malfoy,  mugly. “Everyone’  ju t been admiring the broom  my father’  bought our team. Ron gaped, open-mouthed, at the  even  uperb broom tick  in front of him. “Good, aren’t they?”  aid Malfoy  moothly. “But perhap  the Gryffindor team will be able to rai e  ome gold and get new broom , too. You could raffle off tho e Clean weep Five ; I expect a mu eum would bid for them.” The Slytherin team howled with laughter. “At lea t no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in,”  aid Hermione  harply. “They got in on pure talent.” The  mug look on Malfoy’  face flickered. “No one a ked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood,” he  pat. Harry knew at once that Malfoy had  aid  omething really bad becau e there wa  an in tant uproar at hi  word . Flint had to dive in front of Malfoy to  top Fred and George jumping on him, Alicia  hrieked, “How dare you!” and Ron plunged hi  hand into hi  robe , pulled out hi  wand, yelling, “You’ll pay for that one, Malfoy!” and pointed it furiou ly under Flint’  arm at Malfoy  face. A loud bang echoed around the  tadium and a jet of green light  hot out of the wrong end of Ron’  wand, hitting him in the  tomach and  ending him reeling backward onto the gra . “Ron! Ron! Are you all right?”  quealed Hermione. Ron opened hi  mouth to  peak, but no word  came out. In tead he gave an almighty belch and  everal  lug  dribbled out of hi  mouth onto hi  lap. The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. Flint wa  doubled up, hanging onto hi  new broom tick for  upport. Malfoy wa  on all four , banging the ground with hi  fi t. The Gryffindor  were gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, gli tening  lug . Nobody  eemed to want to touch him. “We’d better get him to Hagrid’ , it’  neare t,”  aid Harry to Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled Ron up by the arm . “What happened, Harry? What happened? I  he ill? But you can cure him, can’t you?” Colin had run down from hi   eat and wa  now dancing along ide them a  they left the field. Ron gave a huge heave and more  lug  dribbled down hi  front. “Oooh,”  aid Colin, fa cinated and rai ing hi  camera. “Can you hold him  till, Harry?” “Get out of the way, Colin!”  aid Harry angrily. He and Hermione  upported Ron out of the  tadium and acro  the ground  toward the edge of the fore t. “Nearly there, Ron,”  aid Hermione a  the gamekeeper’  cabin came into view. “You’ll be all right in a minute — almo t there —” They were within twenty feet of Hagrid’  hou e when the front door opened, but it wa n’t Hagrid who emerged. Gilderoy Lockhart, wearing robe  of pale t mauve today, came  triding out. “Quick, behind here,” Harry hi ed, dragging Ron behind a nearby bu h. Hermione followed,  omewhat reluctantly. “It’  a  imple matter if you know what you’re doing!” Lockhart wa   aying loudly to Hagrid. “If you need help, you know where I am! I’ll let you have a copy of my book. I’m  urpri ed you haven’t already got one — I’ll  ign one tonight and  end it over. Well, good-bye!” And he  trode away toward the ca tle. Harry waited until Lockhart wa  out of  ight, then pulled Ron out of the bu h and up to Hagrid’  front door. They knocked urgently. Hagrid appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but hi  expre ion brightened when he  aw who it wa . “Bin wonderin’ when you’d come ter  ee me — come in, come in — thought you mighta bin Profe or Lockhart back again —” Harry and Hermione  upported Ron over the thre hold into the one-roomed cabin, which had an enormou  bed in one corner, a fire crackling merrily in the other. Hagrid didn’t  eem perturbed by Ron’   lug problem, which Harry ha tily explained a  he lowered Ron into a chair. “Better out than in,” he  aid cheerfully, plunking a large copper ba in in front of him. “Get ‘em all up, Ron.” “I don’t think there’  anything to do except wait for it to  top,”  aid Hermione anxiou ly, watching Ron bend over the ba in. “That’  a difficult cur e to work at the be t of time , but with a broken wand —” Hagrid wa  bu tling around making them tea. Hi  boarhound, Fang, wa   lobbering over Harry. “What did Lockhart want with you, Hagrid?” Harry a ked,  cratching Fang’  ear . “Givin’ me advice on gettin’ kelpie  out of a well,” growled Hagrid, moving a half-plucked roo ter off hi   crubbed table and  etting down the teapot. “Like I don’ know. An’ bangin’ on about  ome ban hee he bani hed. If one word of it wa  true, I’ll eat my kettle.” It wa  mo t unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwart ’ teacher, and Harry looked at him in  urpri e. Hermione, however,  aid in a voice  omewhat higher than u ual, “I think you’re being a bit unfair. Profe or Dumbledore obviou ly thought he wa  the be t man for the job —” “He wa  the on’y man for the job,”  aid Hagrid, offering them a plate of treacle fudge, while Ron coughed  quelchily into hi  ba in. “An’ I mean the on’y one. Gettin’ very difficult ter find anyone fer the Dark Art  job. People aren’t too keen ter take it on,  ee. They’re  tartin’ ter think it’  jinxed. No one’  la ted long fer a while now. So tell me,”  aid Hagrid, jerking hi  head at Ron. “Who wa  he tryin’ ter cur e?” “Malfoy called Hermione  omething — it mu t’ve been really bad, becau e everyone went wild.” “It wa  bad,”  aid Ron hoar ely, emerging over the tabletop looking pale and  weaty. “Malfoy called her ‘Mudblood,’ Hagrid —” Ron dived out of  ight again a  a fre h wave of  lug  made their appearance. Hagrid looked outraged. “He didn’!” he growled at Hermione. “He did,”  he  aid. “But I don’t know what it mean . I could tell it wa  really rude, of cour e —” “It’  about the mo t in ulting thing he could think of,” ga ped Ron, coming back up. “Mudblood’  a really foul name for  omeone who i  Muggle-born — you know, non-magic parent . There are  ome wizard  — like Malfoy’  family — who think they’re better than everyone el e becau e they’re what people call pure-blood.” He gave a  mall burp, and a  ingle  lug fell into hi  out tretched hand. He threw it into the ba in and continued, “I mean, the re t of u  know it doe n’t make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom — he’  pure-blood and he can hardly  tand a cauldron the right way up.” “An’ they haven’t invented a  pell our Hermione can’ do,”  aid Hagrid proudly, making Hermione go a brilliant  hade of magenta. “It’  a di gu ting thing to call  omeone,”  aid Ron, wiping hi   weaty brow with a  haking hand. “Dirty blood,  ee. Common blood. It’  ridiculou . Mo t wizard  the e day  are half-blood anyway. If we hadn’t married Muggle  we’d’ve died out.” He retched and ducked out of  ight again. “Well, I don’ blame yeh fer tryin’ ter cur e him, Ron,”  aid Hagrid loudly over the thud  of more  lug  hitting the ba in. “Bu’ maybe it wa  a good thing yer wand backfired. ’Spect Luciu  Malfoy would’ve come marchin’ up ter  chool if yeh’d cur ed hi   on. Lea t yer not in trouble.” Harry would have pointed out that trouble didn’t come much wor e than having  lug  pouring out of your mouth, but he couldn’t; Hagrid’  treacle fudge had cemented hi  jaw  together. “Harry,”  aid Hagrid abruptly a  though  truck by a  udden thought. “Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. I’ve heard you’ve bin givin’ out  igned photo . How come I haven’t got one?” Furiou , Harry wrenched hi  teeth apart. “I have not been giving out  igned photo ,” he  aid hotly. “If Lockhart’   till  preading that around —” But then he  aw that Hagrid wa  laughing. “I’m on’y jokin’,” he  aid, patting Harry genially on the back and  ending him face fir t into the table. “I knew yeh hadn’t really. I told Lockhart yeh didn’ need teh. Yer more famou  than him without tryin’.” “Bet he didn’t like that,”  aid Harry,  itting up and rubbing hi  chin. “Don’ think he did,”  aid Hagrid, hi  eye  twinkling. “An’ then I told him I’d never read one o’ hi  book  an’ he decided ter go. Treacle fudge, Ron?” he added a  Ron reappeared. “No thank ,”  aid Ron weakly. “Better not ri k it.” “Come an’  ee what I’ve bin growin’,”  aid Hagrid a  Harry and Hermione fini hed the la t of their tea. In the  mall vegetable patch behind Hagrid’  hou e were a dozen of the large t pumpkin  Harry had ever  een. Each wa  the  ize of a large boulder. “Gettin’ on well, aren’t they?”  aid Hagrid happily. “Fer the Halloween fea t… hould be big enough by then.” “What’ve you been feeding them?”  aid Harry. Hagrid looked over hi   houlder to check that they were alone. “Well, I’ve bin givin’ them — you know — a bit o’ help —” Harry noticed Hagrid’  flowery pink umbrella leaning again t the back wall of the cabin. Harry had had rea on to believe before now that thi  umbrella wa  not all it looked; in fact, he had the  trong impre ion that Hagrid’  old  chool wand wa  concealed in ide it. Hagrid wa n’t  uppo ed to u e magic. He had been expelled from Hogwart  in hi  third year, but Harry had never found out why — any mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear hi  throat loudly and become my teriou ly deaf until the  ubject wa  changed. “An Engorgement Charm, I  uppo e?”  aid Hermione, halfway between di approval and amu ement. “Well, you’ve done a good job on them.” “That’  what yer little  i ter  aid,”  aid Hagrid, nodding at Ron. “Met her ju ’ ye terday.” Hagrid looked  ideway  at Harry, hi  beard twitching. “Said  he wa  ju ’ lookin’ round the ground , but I reckon  he wa  hopin’  he might run inter  omeone el e at my hou e.” He winked at Harry. “If yeh a k me,  he wouldn’  ay no ter a  igned —” “Oh,  hut up,”  aid Harry. Ron  norted with laughter and the ground wa   prayed with  lug . “Watch it!” Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from hi  preciou  pumpkin . It wa  nearly lunchtime and a  Harry had only had one bit of treacle fudge  ince dawn, he wa  keen to go back to  chool to eat. They  aid good-bye to Hagrid and walked back up to the ca tle, Ron hiccoughing occa ionally, but only bringing up two very  mall  lug . They had barely  et foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice rang out, “There you are, Potter — Wea ley.” Profe or McGonagall wa  walking toward them, looking  tern. “You will both do your detention  thi  evening.” “What’re we doing, Profe or?”  aid Ron, nervou ly  uppre ing a burp. “You will be poli hing the  ilver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “And no magic, Wea ley — elbow grea e.” Ron gulped. Argu  Filch, the caretaker, wa  loathed by every  tudent in the  chool. “And you, Potter, will be helping Profe or Lockhart an wer hi  fan mail,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Oh n— Profe or, can’t I go and do the trophy room, too?”  aid Harry de perately. “Certainly not,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, rai ing her eyebrow . “Profe or Lockhart reque ted you particularly. Eight o’clock  harp, both of you.” Harry and Ron  louched into the Great Hall in  tate  of deepe t gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a well-you-did-break- chool-rule   ort of expre ion. Harry didn’t enjoy hi   hepherd’  pie a  much a  he’d thought. Both he and Ron felt they’d got the wor e deal. “Filch’ll have me there all night,”  aid Ron heavily. “No magic! There mu t be about a hundred cup  in that room. I’m no good at Muggle cleaning.” “I’d  wap anytime,”  aid Harry hollowly. “I’ve had load  of practice with the Dur ley . An wering Lockhart’  fan mail…he’ll be a nightmare….” Saturday afternoon  eemed to melt away, and in what  eemed like no time, it wa  five minute  to eight, and Harry wa  dragging hi  feet along the  econd-floor corridor to Lockhart’  office. He gritted hi  teeth and knocked. The door flew open at once. Lockhart beamed down at him. “Ah, here’  the  calawag!” he  aid. “Come in, Harry, come in —” Shining brightly on the wall  by the light of many candle  were countle  framed photograph  of Lockhart. He had even  igned a few of them. Another large pile lay on hi  de k. “You can addre  the envelope !” Lockhart told Harry, a  though thi  wa  a huge treat. “Thi  fir t one’  to Glady  Gudgeon, ble  her — huge fan of mine —” The minute   nailed by. Harry let Lockhart’  voice wa h over him, occa ionally  aying, “Mmm” and “Right” and “Yeah.” Now and then he caught a phra e like, “Fame’  a fickle friend, Harry,” or “Celebrity i  a  celebrity doe , remember that.” The candle  burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the many moving face  of Lockhart watching him. Harry moved hi  aching hand over what felt like the thou andth envelope, writing out Veronica Smethley’  addre . It mu t be nearly time to leave, Harry thought mi erably, plea e let it be nearly time… And then he heard  omething —  omething quite apart from the  pitting of the dying candle  and Lockhart’  prattle about hi  fan . It wa  a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a voice of breathtaking, ice-cold venom. “Come…come to me….Let me rip you….Let me tear you….Let me kill you….” Harry gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot appeared on Veronica Smethley’   treet. “What?” he  aid loudly. “I know!”  aid Lockhart. “Six  olid month  at the top of the be t- eller li t! Broke all record !” “No,”  aid Harry frantically. “That voice!” “Sorry?”  aid Lockhart, looking puzzled. “What voice?” “That — that voice that  aid — didn’t you hear it?” Lockhart wa  looking at Harry in high a toni hment. “What are you talking about, Harry? Perhap  you’re getting a little drow y? Great Scott — look at the time! We’ve been here nearly four hour ! I’d never have believed it — the time’  flown, ha n’t it?” Harry didn’t an wer. He wa   training hi  ear  to hear the voice again, but there wa  no  ound now except for Lockhart telling him he mu tn’t expect a treat like thi  every time he got detention. Feeling dazed, Harry left. It wa   o late that the Gryffindor common room wa  almo t empty. Harry went  traight up to the dormitory. Ron wa n’t back yet. Harry pulled on hi  pajama , got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, Ron arrived, nur ing hi  right arm and bringing a  trong  mell of poli h into the darkened room. “My mu cle  have all  eized up,” he groaned,  inking on hi  bed. “Fourteen time  he made me buff up that Quidditch cup before he wa   ati fied. And then I had another  lug attack all over a Special Award for Service  to the School. Took age  to get the  lime off…How wa  it with Lockhart?” Keeping hi  voice low  o a  not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamu , Harry told Ron exactly what he had heard. “And Lockhart  aid he couldn’t hear it?”  aid Ron. Harry could  ee him frowning in the moonlight. “D’you think he wa  lying? But I don’t get it — even  omeone invi ible would’ve had to open the door.” “I know,”  aid Harry, lying back in hi  four-po ter and  taring at the canopy above him. “I don’t get it either.” HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER EIGHT THE DEATHDAY PARTY O ctober arrived,  preading a damp chill over the ground  and into the ca tle. Madam Pomfrey, the nur e, wa  kept bu y by a  udden  pate of cold  among the  taff and  tudent . Her Pepperup potion worked in tantly, though it left the drinker  moking at the ear  for  everal hour  afterward. Ginny Wea ley, who had been looking pale, wa  bullied into taking  ome by Percy. The  team pouring from under her vivid hair gave the impre ion that her whole head wa  on fire. Raindrop  the  ize of bullet  thundered on the ca tle window  for day  on end; the lake ro e, the flower bed  turned into muddy  tream , and Hagrid’  pumpkin   welled to the  ize of garden  hed . Oliver Wood’  enthu ia m for regular training  e ion , however, wa  not dampened, which wa  why Harry wa  to be found, late one  tormy Saturday afternoon a few day  before Halloween, returning to Gryffindor Tower, drenched to the  kin and  plattered with mud. Even a ide from the rain and wind it hadn’t been a happy practice  e ion. Fred and George, who had been  pying on the Slytherin team, had  een for them elve  the  peed of tho e new Nimbu  Two Thou and and One . They reported that the Slytherin team wa  no more than  even greeni h blur ,  hooting through the air like mi ile . A  Harry  quelched along the de erted corridor he came acro   omebody who looked ju t a  preoccupied a  he wa . Nearly Headle  Nick, the gho t of Gryffindor Tower, wa   taring moro ely out of a window, muttering under hi  breath, “…don’t fulfill their requirement …half an inch, if that…” “Hello, Nick,”  aid Harry. “Hello, hello,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick,  tarting and looking round. He wore a da hing, plumed hat on hi  long curly hair, and a tunic with a ruff, which concealed the fact that hi  neck wa  almo t completely  evered. He wa  pale a   moke, and Harry could  ee right through him to the dark  ky and torrential rain out ide. “You look troubled, young Potter,”  aid Nick, folding a tran parent letter a  he  poke and tucking it in ide hi  doublet. “So do you,”  aid Harry. “Ah,” Nearly Headle  Nick waved an elegant hand, “a matter of no importance…It’  not a  though I really wanted to join…Thought I’d apply, but apparently I ‘don’t fulfill requirement ’ —” In  pite of hi  airy tone, there wa  a look of great bitterne  on hi  face. “But you would think, wouldn’t you,” he erupted  uddenly, pulling the letter back out of hi  pocket, “that getting hit forty-five time  in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headle  Hunt?” “Oh — ye ,”  aid Harry, who wa  obviou ly  uppo ed to agree. “I mean, nobody wi he  more than I do that it had all been quick and clean, and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have  aved me a great deal of pain and ridicule. However —” Nearly Headle  Nick  hook hi  letter open and read furiou ly: “‘We can only accept hunt men who e head  have parted company with their bodie . You will appreciate that it would be impo ible otherwi e for member  to participate in hunt activitie   uch a  Hor eback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It i  with the greate t regret, therefore, that I mu t inform you that you do not fulfill our requirement . With very be t wi he , Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.’” Fuming, Nearly Headle  Nick  tuffed the letter away. “Half an inch of  kin and  inew holding my neck on, Harry! Mo t people would think that’  good and beheaded, but oh, no, it’  not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore.” Nearly Headle  Nick took  everal deep breath  and then  aid, in a far calmer tone, “So — what’  bothering you? Anything I can do?” “No,”  aid Harry. “Not unle  you know where we can get  even free Nimbu  Two Thou and and One  for our match again t Sly—” The re t of Harry’   entence wa  drowned out by a high-pitched mewling from  omewhere near hi  ankle . He looked down and found him elf gazing into a pair of lamp-like yellow eye . It wa  Mr . Norri , the  keletal gray cat who wa  u ed by the caretaker, Argu  Filch, a  a  ort of deputy in hi  endle  battle again t  tudent . “You’d better get out of here, Harry,”  aid Nick quickly. “Filch i n’t in a good mood — he’  got the flu and  ome third year  accidentally pla tered frog brain  all over the ceiling in dungeon five. He’  been cleaning all morning, and if he  ee  you dripping mud all over the place —” “Right,”  aid Harry, backing away from the accu ing  tare of Mr . Norri , but not quickly enough. Drawn to the  pot by the my teriou  power that  eemed to connect him with hi  foul cat, Argu  Filch bur t  uddenly through a tape try to Harry’  right, wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule-breaker. There wa  a thick tartan  carf bound around hi  head, and hi  no e wa  unu ually purple. “Filth!” he  houted, hi  jowl  aquiver, hi  eye  popping alarmingly a  he pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from Harry’  Quidditch robe . “Me  and muck everywhere! I’ve had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me, Potter!” So Harry waved a gloomy good-bye to Nearly Headle  Nick and followed Filch back down tair , doubling the number of muddy footprint  on the floor. Harry had never been in ide Filch’  office before; it wa  a place mo t  tudent  avoided. The room wa  dingy and windowle , lit by a  ingle oil lamp dangling from the low ceiling. A faint  mell of fried fi h lingered about the place. Wooden filing cabinet   tood around the wall ; from their label , Harry could  ee that they contained detail  of every pupil Filch had ever puni hed. Fred and George Wea ley had an entire drawer to them elve . A highly poli hed collection of chain  and manacle  hung on the wall behind Filch’  de k. It wa  common knowledge that he wa  alway  begging Dumbledore to let him  u pend  tudent  by their ankle  from the ceiling. Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on hi  de k and began  huffling around looking for parchment. “Dung,” he muttered furiou ly, “great  izzling dragon bogie …frog brain …rat inte tine …I’ve had enough of it…make an example…where’  the form…ye …” He retrieved a large roll of parchment from hi  de k drawer and  tretched it out in front of him, dipping hi  long black quill into the ink pot. “Name…Harry Potter. Crime…” “It wa  only a bit of mud!”  aid Harry. “It’  only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me it’  an extra hour  crubbing!”  houted Filch, a drip  hivering unplea antly at the end of hi  bulbou  no e. “Crime…befouling the ca tle… ugge ted  entence…” Dabbing at hi   treaming no e, Filch  quinted unplea antly at Harry who waited with bated breath for hi   entence to fall. But a  Filch lowered hi  quill, there wa  a great BANG! on the ceiling of the office, which made the oil lamp rattle. “PEEVES!” Filch roared, flinging down hi  quill in a tran port of rage. “I’ll have you thi  time, I’ll have you!” And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flat-footed from the office, Mr . Norri   treaking along ide him. Peeve  wa  the  chool poltergei t, a grinning, airborne menace who lived to cau e havoc and di tre . Harry didn’t much like Peeve , but couldn’t help feeling grateful for hi  timing. Hopefully, whatever Peeve  had done (and it  ounded a  though he’d wrecked  omething very big thi  time) would di tract Filch from Harry. Thinking that he  hould probably wait for Filch to come back, Harry  ank into a moth-eaten chair next to the de k. There wa  only one thing on it apart from hi  half-completed form: a large, glo y, purple envelope with  ilver lettering on the front. With a quick glance at the door to check that Filch wa n’t on hi  way back, Harry picked up the envelope and read: Kwik pell A Corre pondence Cour e in Beginner ’ Magic. Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and pulled out the  heaf of parchment in ide. More curly  ilver writing on the front page  aid: Feel out of  tep in the world of modern magic? Find your elf making excu e  not to perform  imple  pell ? Ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? There i  an an wer! Kwik pell i  an all-new, fail- afe, quick-re ult, ea y-learn cour e. Hundred  of witche  and wizard  have benefited from the Kwik pell method! Madam Z. Nettle  of Top ham write : “I had no memory for incantation  and my potion  were a family joke! Now, after a Kwik pell cour e, I am the center of attention at partie  and friend  beg for the recipe of my Scintillation Solution!” Warlock D. J. Prod of Did bury  ay : “My wife u ed to  neer at my feeble charm , but one month into your fabulou  Kwik pell cour e and I  ucceeded in turning her into a yak! Thank you, Kwik pell!” Fa cinated, Harry thumbed through the re t of the envelope’  content . Why on earth did Filch want a Kwik pell cour e? Did thi  mean he wa n’t a proper wizard? Harry wa  ju t reading “Le on One: Holding Your Wand (Some U eful Tip )” when  huffling foot tep  out ide told him Filch wa  coming back. Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry threw it back onto the de k ju t a  the door opened. Filch wa  looking triumphant. “That vani hing cabinet wa  extremely valuable!” he wa   aying gleefully to Mr . Norri . “We’ll have Peeve  out thi  time, my  weet —” Hi  eye  fell on Harry and then darted to the Kwik pell envelope, which, Harry realized too late, wa  lying two feet away from where it had  tarted. Filch’  pa ty face went brick red. Harry braced him elf for a tidal wave of fury. Filch hobbled acro  to hi  de k,  natched up the envelope, and threw it into a drawer. “Have you — did you read —?” he  puttered. “No,” Harry lied quickly. Filch’  knobbly hand  were twi ting together. “If I thought you’d read my private —not that it’  mine — for a friend — be that a  it may — however —” Harry wa   taring at him, alarmed; Filch had never looked madder. Hi  eye  were popping, a tic wa  going in one of hi  pouchy cheek , and the tartan  carf didn’t help. “Very well — go — and don’t breathe a word — not that — however, if you didn’t read — go now, I have to write up Peeve ’ report — go —” Amazed at hi  luck, Harry  ped out of the office, up the corridor, and back up tair . To e cape from Filch’  office without puni hment wa  probably  ome kind of  chool record. “Harry! Harry! Did it work?” Nearly Headle  Nick came gliding out of a cla room. Behind him, Harry could  ee the wreckage of a large black-and-gold cabinet that appeared to have been dropped from a great height. “I per uaded Peeve  to cra h it right over Filch’  office,”  aid Nick eagerly. “Thought it might di tract him —” “Wa  that you?”  aid Harry gratefully. “Yeah, it worked, I didn’t even get detention. Thank , Nick!” They  et off up the corridor together. Nearly Headle  Nick, Harry noticed, wa   till holding Sir Patrick’  rejection letter… “I wi h there wa   omething I could do for you about the Headle  Hunt,” Harry  aid. Nearly Headle  Nick  topped in hi  track  and Harry walked right through him. He wi hed he hadn’t; it wa  like  tepping through an icy  hower. “But there i   omething you could do for me,”  aid Nick excitedly. “Harry — would I be a king too much — but no, you wouldn’t want —” “What i  it?”  aid Harry. “Well, thi  Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick, drawing him elf up and looking dignified. “Oh,”  aid Harry, not  ure whether he  hould look  orry or happy about thi . “Right.” “I’m holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeon . Friend  will be coming from all over the country. It would be  uch an honor if you would attend. Mr. Wea ley and Mi  Granger would be mo t welcome, too, of cour e — but I dare ay you’d rather go to the  chool fea t?” He watched Harry on tenterhook . “No,”  aid Harry quickly, “I’ll come —” “My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! And —” he he itated, looking excited “— do you think you could po ibly mention to Sir Patrick how very frightening and impre ive you find me?” “Of — of cour e,”  aid Harry. Nearly Headle  Nick beamed at him. “A deathday party?”  aid Hermione keenly when Harry had changed at la t and joined her and Ron in the common room. “I bet there aren’t many living people who can  ay they’ve been to one of tho e — it’ll be fa cinating!” “Why would anyone want to celebrate the day they died?”  aid Ron, who wa  halfway through hi  Potion  homework and grumpy. “Sound  dead depre ing to me…” Rain wa   till la hing the window , which were now inky black, but in ide all looked bright and cheerful. The firelight glowed over the countle   qua hy armchair  where people  at reading, talking, doing homework or, in the ca e of Fred and George Wea ley, trying to find out what would happen if you fed a Filibu ter firework to a  alamander. Fred had “re cued” the brilliant orange, fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creature  cla  and it wa  now  mouldering gently on a table  urrounded by a knot of curiou  people. Harry wa  at the point of telling Ron and Hermione about Filch and the Kwik pell cour e when the  alamander  uddenly whizzed into the air, emitting loud  park  and bang  a  it whirled wildly round the room. The  ight of Percy bellowing him elf hoar e at Fred and George, the  pectacular di play of tangerine  tar   howering from the  alamander’  mouth, and it  e cape into the fire, with accompanying explo ion , drove both Filch and the Kwik pell envelope from Harry’  mind. By the time Halloween arrived, Harry wa  regretting hi  ra h promi e to go to the deathday party. The re t of the  chool wa  happily anticipating their Halloween fea t; the Great Hall had been decorated with the u ual live bat , Hagrid’  va t pumpkin  had been carved into lantern  large enough for three men to  it in, and there were rumor  that Dumbledore had booked a troupe of dancing  keleton  for the entertainment. “A promi e i  a promi e,” Hermione reminded Harry bo ily. “You  aid you’d go to the deathday party.” So at  even o’clock, Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked  traight pa t the doorway to the packed Great Hall, which wa  glittering invitingly with gold plate  and candle , and directed their  tep  in tead toward the dungeon . The pa ageway leading to Nearly Headle  Nick’  party had been lined with candle , too, though the effect wa  far from cheerful: The e were long, thin, jet-black taper , all burning bright blue, ca ting a dim, gho tly light even over their own living face . The temperature dropped with every  tep they took. A  Harry  hivered and drew hi  robe  tightly around him, he heard what  ounded like a thou and fingernail   craping an enormou  blackboard. “I  that  uppo ed to be mu ic?” Ron whi pered. They turned a corner and  aw Nearly Headle  Nick  tanding at a doorway hung with black velvet drape . “My dear friend ,” he  aid mournfully. “Welcome, welcome… o plea ed you could come…” He  wept off hi  plumed hat and bowed them in ide. It wa  an incredible  ight. The dungeon wa  full of hundred  of pearly-white, tran lucent people, mo tly drifting around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the dreadful, quavering  ound of thirty mu ical  aw , played by an orche tra on a rai ed, black-draped platform. A chandelier overhead blazed midnight-blue with a thou and more black candle . Their breath ro e in a mi t before them; it wa  like  tepping into a freezer. “Shall we have a look around?” Harry  ugge ted, wanting to warm up hi  feet. “Careful not to walk through anyone,”  aid Ron nervou ly, and they  et off around the edge of the dance floor. They pa ed a group of gloomy nun , a ragged man wearing chain , and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff gho t, who wa  talking to a knight with an arrow  ticking out of hi  forehead. Harry wa n’t  urpri ed to  ee that the Bloody Baron, a gaunt,  taring Slytherin gho t covered in  ilver blood tain , wa  being given a wide berth by the other gho t . “Oh, no,”  aid Hermione,  topping abruptly. “Turn back, turn back, I don’t want to talk to Moaning Myrtle —” “Who?”  aid Harry a  they backtracked quickly. “She haunt  one of the toilet  in the girl ’ bathroom on the fir t floor,”  aid Hermione. “She haunt  a toilet?” “Ye . It’  been out-of-order all year becau e  he keep  having tantrum  and flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it’  awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you —” “Look, food!”  aid Ron. On the other  ide of the dungeon wa  a long table, al o covered in black velvet. They approached it eagerly but next moment had  topped in their track , horrified. The  mell wa  quite di gu ting. Large, rotten fi h were laid on hand ome  ilver platter ; cake , burned charcoal-black, were heaped on  alver ; there wa  a great maggoty haggi , a  lab of chee e covered in furry green mold and, in pride of place, an enormou  gray cake in the  hape of a tomb tone, with tar-like icing forming the word , SIR NICHOLAS DE MIMSY-PORPINGTON DIED 31ST OCTOBER, 1492 Harry watched, amazed, a  a portly gho t approached the table, crouched low, and walked through it, hi  mouth held wide  o that it pa ed through one of the  tinking  almon. “Can you ta te it if you walk though it?” Harry a ked him. “Almo t,”  aid the gho t  adly, and he drifted away. “I expect they’ve let it rot to give it a  tronger flavor,”  aid Hermione knowledgeably, pinching her no e and leaning clo er to look at the putrid haggi . “Can we move? I feel  ick,”  aid Ron. They had barely turned around, however, when a little man  wooped  uddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them. “Hello, Peeve ,”  aid Harry cautiou ly. Unlike the gho t  around them, Peeve  the Poltergei t wa  the very rever e of pale and tran parent. He wa  wearing a bright orange party hat, a revolving bow tie, and a broad grin on hi  wide, wicked face. “Nibble ?” he  aid  weetly, offering them a bowl of peanut  covered in fungu . “No thank ,”  aid Hermione. “Heard you talking about poor Myrtle,”  aid Peeve , hi  eye  dancing. “Rude you wa  about poor Myrtle.” He took a deep breath and bellowed, “OY! MYRTLE!” “Oh, no, Peeve , don’t tell her what I  aid,  he’ll be really up et,” Hermione whi pered frantically. “I didn’t mean it, I don’t mind her — er, hello, Myrtle.” The  quat gho t of a girl had glided over. She had the glumme t face Harry had ever  een, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly  pectacle . “What?”  he  aid  ulkily. “How are you, Myrtle?”  aid Hermione in a fal ely bright voice. “It’  nice to  ee you out of the toilet.” Myrtle  niffed. “Mi  Granger wa  ju t talking about you —”  aid Peeve   lyly in Myrtle’  ear. “Ju t  aying —” “Ju t  aying —  aying — how nice you look tonight,”  aid Hermione, glaring at Peeve . Myrtle eyed Hermione  u piciou ly. “You’re making fun of me,”  he  aid,  ilver tear  welling rapidly in her  mall,  ee-through eye . “No — hone tly — didn’t I ju t  ay how nice Myrtle’  looking?”  aid Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the rib . “Oh, yeah —” “She did —” “Don’t lie to me,” Myrtle ga ped, tear  now flooding down her face, while Peeve  chuckled happily over her  houlder. “D’you think I don’t know what people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! Mi erable, moaning, moping Myrtle!” “You’ve forgotten pimply,” Peeve  hi ed in her ear. Moaning Myrtle bur t into angui hed  ob  and fled from the dungeon. Peeve   hot after her, pelting her with moldy peanut , yelling, “Pimply! Pimply!” “Oh, dear,”  aid Hermione  adly. Nearly Headle  Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd. “Enjoying your elve ?” “Oh, ye ,” they lied. “Not a bad turnout,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick proudly. “The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent…It’  nearly time for my  peech, I’d better go and warn the orche tra…” The orche tra, however,  topped playing at that very moment. They, and everyone el e in the dungeon, fell  ilent, looking around in excitement, a  a hunting horn  ounded. “Oh, here we go,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick bitterly. Through the dungeon wall bur t a dozen gho t hor e , each ridden by a headle  hor eman. The a embly clapped wildly; Harry  tarted to clap, too, but  topped quickly at the  ight of Nick’  face. The hor e  galloped into the middle of the dance floor and halted, rearing and plunging. At the front of the pack wa  a large gho t who held hi  bearded head under hi  arm, from which po ition he wa  blowing the horn. The gho t leapt down, lifted hi  head high in the air  o he could  ee over the crowd (everyone laughed), and  trode over to Nearly Headle  Nick,  qua hing hi  head back onto hi  neck. “Nick!” he roared. “How are you? Head  till hanging in there?” He gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headle  Nick on the  houlder. “Welcome, Patrick,”  aid Nick  tiffly. “Live ’un !”  aid Sir Patrick,  potting Harry, Ron, and Hermione and giving a huge, fake jump of a toni hment,  o that hi  head fell off again (the crowd howled with laughter). “Very amu ing,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick darkly. “Don’t mind Nick!”  houted Sir Patrick’  head from the floor. “Still up et we won’t let him join the Hunt! But I mean to  ay — look at the fellow —” “I think,”  aid Harry hurriedly, at a meaningful look from Nick, “Nick’  very — frightening and — er —” “Ha!” yelled Sir Patrick’  head. “Bet he a ked you to  ay that!” “If I could have everyone’  attention, it’  time for my  peech!”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick loudly,  triding toward the podium and climbing into an icy blue  potlight. “My late lamented lord , ladie , and gentlemen, it i  my great  orrow…” But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the re t of the Headle  Hunt had ju t  tarted a game of Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to watch. Nearly Headle  Nick tried vainly to recapture hi  audience, but gave up a  Sir Patrick’  head went  ailing pa t him to loud cheer . Harry wa  very cold by now, not to mention hungry. “I can’t  tand much more of thi ,” Ron muttered, hi  teeth chattering, a  the orche tra ground back into action and the gho t   wept back onto the dance floor. “Let’  go,” Harry agreed. They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the pa ageway full of black candle . “Pudding might not be fini hed yet,”  aid Ron hopefully, leading the way toward the  tep  to the entrance hall. And then Harry heard it. “…rip…tear…kill…” It wa  the  ame voice, the  ame cold, murderou  voice he had heard in Lockhart’  office. He  tumbled to a halt, clutching at the  tone wall, li tening with all hi  might, looking around,  quinting up and down the dimly lit pa ageway. “Harry, what’re you —?” “It’  that voice again —  hut up a minute —” “… oo hungry…for  o long…” “Li ten!”  aid Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching him. “…kill…time to kill…” The voice wa  growing fainter. Harry wa   ure it wa  moving away — moving upward. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped him a  he  tared at the dark ceiling; how could it be moving upward? Wa  it a phantom, to whom  tone ceiling  didn’t matter? “Thi  way,” he  houted, and he began to run, up the  tair , into the entrance hall. It wa  no good hoping to hear anything here, the babble of talk from the Halloween fea t wa  echoing out of the Great Hall. Harry  printed up the marble  tairca e to the fir t floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind him. “Harry, what’re we —” “SHH!” Harry  trained hi  ear . Di tantly, from the floor above, and growing fainter  till, he heard the voice: “…I  mell blood…I SMELL BLOOD!” Hi   tomach lurched — “It’  going to kill  omeone!” he  houted, and ignoring Ron’  and Hermione’  bewildered face , he ran up the next flight of  tep  three at a time, trying to li ten over hi  own pounding foot tep  — Harry hurtled around the whole of the  econd floor, Ron and Hermione panting behind him, not  topping until they turned a corner into the la t, de erted pa age. “Harry, what wa  that all about?”  aid Ron, wiping  weat off hi  face. “I couldn’t hear anything…” But Hermione gave a  udden ga p, pointing down the corridor. “Look!” Something wa   hining on the wall ahead. They approached  lowly,  quinting through the darkne . Foot-high word  had been daubed on the wall between two window ,  himmering in the light ca t by the flaming torche . THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED. ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE “What’  that thing — hanging underneath?”  aid Ron, a  light quiver in hi  voice. A  they edged nearer, Harry almo t  lipped — there wa  a large puddle of water on the floor; Ron and Hermione grabbed him, and they inched toward the me age, eye  fixed on a dark  hadow beneath it. All three of them realized what it wa  at once, and leapt backward with a  pla h. Mr . Norri , the caretaker’  cat, wa  hanging by her tail from the torch bracket. She wa   tiff a  a board, her eye  wide and  taring. For a few  econd , they didn’t move. Then Ron  aid, “Let’  get out of here.” “Shouldn’t we try and help —” Harry began awkwardly. “Tru t me,”  aid Ron. “We don’t want to be found here.” But it wa  too late. A rumble, a  though of di tant thunder, told them that the fea t had ju t ended. From either end of the corridor where they  tood came the  ound of hundred  of feet climbing the  tair , and the loud, happy talk of well-fed people; next moment,  tudent  were cra hing into the pa age from both end . The chatter, the bu tle, the noi e died  uddenly a  the people in front  potted the hanging cat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  tood alone, in the middle of the corridor, a   ilence fell among the ma  of  tudent  pre ing forward to  ee the gri ly  ight. Then  omeone  houted through the quiet. “Enemie  of the Heir, beware! You’ll be next, Mudblood !” It wa  Draco Malfoy. He had pu hed to the front of the crowd, hi  cold eye  alive, hi  u ually bloodle  face flu hed, a  he grinned at the  ight of the hanging, immobile cat. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER NINE THE WRITING ON THE WALL W hat’  going on here? What’  going on?” Attracted no doubt by Malfoy’   hout, Argu  Filch came  houldering hi  way through the crowd. Then he  aw Mr . Norri  and fell back, clutching hi  face in horror. “My cat! My cat! What’  happened to Mr . Norri ?” he  hrieked. And hi  popping eye  fell on Harry. “You!”he  creeched. “You! You’ve murdered my cat! You’ve killed her! I’ll kill you! I’ll —” “Argu !” Dumbledore had arrived on the  cene, followed by a number of other teacher . In  econd , he had  wept pa t Harry, Ron, and Hermione and detached Mr . Norri  from the torch bracket. “Come with me, Argu ,” he  aid to Filch. “You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wea ley, Mi  Granger.” Lockhart  tepped forward eagerly. “My office i  neare t, Headma ter — ju t up tair  — plea e feel free —” “Thank you, Gilderoy,”  aid Dumbledore. The  ilent crowd parted to let them pa . Lockhart, looking excited and important, hurried after Dumbledore;  o did Profe or  McGonagall and Snape. A  they entered Lockhart’  darkened office there wa  a flurry of movement acro  the wall ; Harry  aw  everal of the Lockhart  in the picture  dodging out of  ight, their hair in roller . The real Lockhart lit the candle  on hi  de k and  tood back. Dumbledore lay Mr . Norri  on the poli hed  urface and began to examine her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged ten e look  and  ank into chair  out ide the pool of candlelight, watching. The tip of Dumbledore’  long, crooked no e wa  barely an inch from Mr . Norri ’  fur. He wa  looking at her clo ely through hi  half-moon  pectacle , hi  long finger  gently prodding and poking. Profe or McGonagall wa  bent almo t a  clo e, her eye  narrowed. Snape loomed behind them, half in  hadow, wearing a mo t peculiar expre ion: It wa  a  though he wa  trying hard not to  mile. And Lockhart wa  hovering around all of them, making  ugge tion . “It wa  definitely a cur e that killed her — probably the Tran mogrifian Torture — I’ve  een it u ed many time ,  o unlucky I wa n’t there, I know the very countercur e that would have  aved her.…” Lockhart’  comment  were punctuated by Filch’  dry, racking  ob . He wa   lumped in a chair by the de k, unable to look at Mr . Norri , hi  face in hi  hand . Much a  he dete ted Filch, Harry couldn’t help feeling a bit  orry for him, though not nearly a   orry a  he felt for him elf If Dumbledore believed Filch, he would be expelled for  ure. Dumbledore wa  now muttering  trange word  under hi  breath and tapping Mr . Norri  with hi  wand but nothing happened. She continued to look a  though  he had been recently  tuffed. “…I remember  omething very  imilar happening in Ouagadogou,”  aid Lockhart, “a  erie  of attack , the full  tory’  in my autobiography, I wa  able to provide the town folk with variou  amulet , which cleared the matter up at once.…” The photograph  of Lockhart on the wall  were all nodding in agreement a  he talked. One of them had forgotten to remove hi  hair net. At la t Dumbledore  traightened up. “She’  not dead, Argu ,” he  aid  oftly. Lockhart  topped abruptly in the middle of counting the number of murder  he had prevented. “Not dead?” choked Filch, looking through hi  finger  at Mr . Norri . “But why’   he all — all  tiff and frozen?” “She ha  been Petrified,”  aid Dumbledore (“Ah! I thought  o!”  aid Lockhart). “But how, I cannot  ay…” “A k him!”  hrieked Filch, turning hi  blotched and tear tained face to Harry. “No  econd year could have done thi ,”  aid Dumbledore firmly. “it would take Dark Magic of the mo t advanced —” “He did it, he did it!” Filch  pat, hi  pouchy face purpling. “You  aw what he wrote on the wall! He found — in my office — he know  I’m a — I’m a —” Filch’  face worked horribly. “He know  I’m a Squib!” he fini hed. “I never touched Mr . Norri !” Harry  aid loudly, uncomfortably aware of everyone looking at him, including all the Lockhart  on the wall . “And I don’t even know what a Squib i .” “Rubbi h!”  narled Filch. “He  aw my Kwik pell letter!” “If I might  peak, Headma ter,”  aid Snape from the  hadow , and Harry’   en e of foreboding increa ed; he wa   ure nothing Snape had to  ay wa  going to do him any good. “Potter and hi  friend  may have  imply been in the wrong place at the wrong time,” he  aid, a  light  neer curling hi  mouth a  though he doubted it. “But we do have a  et of  u piciou  circum tance  here. Why wa  he in the up tair  corridor at all? Why wa n’t he at the Halloween fea t?” Harry, Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the deathday party. “…there were hundred  of gho t , they’ll tell you we were there —” “But why not join the fea t afterward?”  aid Snape, hi  black eye  glittering in the candlelight. “Why go up to that corridor?” Ron and Hermione looked at Harry. “Becau e — becau e —” Harry  aid, hi  heart thumping very fa t;  omething told him it would  ound very far-fetched if he told them he had been led there by a bodile  voice no one but he could hear, “becau e we were tired and wanted to go to bed,” he  aid. “Without any  upper?”  aid Snape, a triumphant  mile flickering acro  hi  gaunt face. “I didn’t think gho t  provided food fit for living people at their partie .” “We weren’t hungry,”  aid Ron loudly a  hi   tomach gave a huge rumble. Snape’  na ty  mile widened. “I  ugge t, Headma ter, that Potter i  not being entirely truthful,” he  aid. “It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privilege  until he i  ready to tell u  the whole  tory. I per onally feel he  hould be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he i  ready to be hone t.” “Really, Severu ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply, “I  ee no rea on to  top the boy playing Quidditch. Thi  cat wa n’t hit over the head with a broom tick. There i  no evidence at all that Potter ha  done anything wrong.” Dumbledore wa  giving Harry a  earching look. Hi  twinkling light-blue gaze made Harry feel a  though he were being X-rayed. “Innocent until proven guilty, Severu ,” he  aid firmly. Snape looked furiou . So did Filch. “My cat ha  been Petrified!” he  hrieked, hi  eye  popping. “I want to  ee  ome puni hment!” “We will be able to cure her, Argu ,”  aid Dumbledore patiently. “Profe er Sprout recently managed to procure  ome Mandrake . A   oon a  they have reached their full  ize, I will have a potion made that will revive Mr . Norri .” “I’ll make it,” Lockhart butted in. “I mu t have done it a hundred time . I could whip up a Mandrake Re torative Draught in my  leep —” “Excu e me,”  aid Snape icily. “But I believe I am the Potion  ma ter at thi   chool.” There wa  a very awkward pau e. “You may go,” Dumbledore  aid to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. They went, a  quickly a  they could without actually running. When they were a floor up from Lockhart’  office, they turned into an empty cla room and clo ed the door quietly behind them. Harry  quinted at hi  friend ’ darkened face . “D’you think I  hould have told them about that voice I heard?” “No,”  aid Ron, without he itation. “Hearing voice  no one el e can hear i n’t a good  ign, even in the wizarding world.” Something in Ron’  voice made Harry a k, “You do believe me, don’t you?” “’Cour e I do,”  aid Ron quickly. “But — you mu t admit it’  weird…” “I know it’  weird,”  aid Harry. “The whole thing’  weird. What wa  that writing on the wall about? The Chamber Ha  Been Opened.…What’  that  uppo ed to mean?” “You know, it ring  a  ort of bell,”  aid Ron  lowly. “I think  omeone told me a  tory about a  ecret chamber at Hogwart  once…might’ve been Bill….” “And what on earth’  a Squib?”  aid Harry. To hi   urpri e, Ron  tifled a  nigger. “Well — it’  not funny really — but a  it’  Filch,” he  aid. “A Squib i   omeone who wa  born into a wizarding family but ha n’t got any magic power . Kind of the oppo ite of Muggle-born wizard , but Squib  are quite unu ual. If Filch’  trying to learn magic from a Kwik pell cour e, I reckon he mu t be a Squib. It would explain a lot. Like why he hate   tudent   o much.” Ron gave a  ati fied  mile. “He’  bitter.” A clock chimed  omewhere. “Midnight,”  aid Harry. “We’d better get to bed before Snape come  along and trie  to frame u  for  omething el e.” For a few day , the  chool could talk of little el e but the attack on Mr . Norri . Filch kept it fre h in everyone’  mind  by pacing the  pot where  he had been attacked, a  though he thought the attacker might come back. Harry had  een him  crubbing the me age on the wall with Mr . Skower’  All-Purpo e Magical Me  Remover, but to no effect; the word   till gleamed a  brightly a  ever on the  tone. When Filch wa n’t guarding the  cene of the crime, he wa   kulking red-eyed through the corridor , lunging out at un u pecting  tudent  and trying to put them in detention for thing  like “breathing loudly’ and “looking happy.” Ginny Wea ley  eemed very di turbed by Mr . Norri ’  fate. According to Ron,  he wa  a great cat lover. “But you haven’t really got to know Mr . Norri ,” Ron told her bracingly. “Hone tly, we’re much better off without her.” Ginny’  lip trembled. “Stuff like thi  doe n’t often happen at Hogwart ,” Ron a ured her. “They’ll catch the maniac who did it and have him out of here in no time. I ju t hope he’  got time to Petrify Filch before he’  expelled. I’m only joking —” Ron added ha tily a  Ginny blanched. The attack had al o had an effect on Hermione. It wa  quite u ual for Hermione to  pend a lot of time reading, but  he wa  now doing almo t nothing el e. Nor could Harry and Ron get much re pon e from her when they a ked what  he wa  up to, and not until the following Wedne day did they find out. Harry had been held back in Potion , where Snape had made him  tay behind to  crape tubeworm  off the de k . After a hurried lunch, he went up tair  to meet Ron in the library, and  aw Ju tin Finch-Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming toward him. Harry had ju t opened hi  mouth to  ay hello when Ju tin caught  ight of him, turned abruptly, and  ped off in the oppo ite direction. Harry found Ron at the back of the library, mea uring hi  Hi tory of Magic homework. Profe or Binn  had a ked for a three foot long compo ition on “The Medieval A embly of European Wizard .” “I don’t believe it, I’m  till eight inche   hort  aid Ron furiou ly, letting go of hi  parchment, which  prang back into a roll. “And Hermione’  done four feet  even inche  and her writing’  tiny.” “Where i   he?” a ked Harry, grabbing the tape mea ure and unrolling hi  own homework. “Somewhere over there,”  aid Ron, pointing along the  helve . “Looking for another book. I think  he’  trying to read the whole library before Chri tma .” Harry told Ron about Ju tin Finch-Fletchley running away from him. “Dunno why you care. I thought he wa  a bit of an idiot,”  aid Ron,  cribbling away, making hi  writing a  large a  po ible. “All that junk about Lockhart being  o great —” Hermione emerged from between the book helve . She looked irritable and at la t  eemed ready to talk to them. “All the copie  of Hogwart , A Hi tory have been taken out,”  he  aid,  itting down next to Harry and Ron. “And there’  a two-week waiting li t. I wi h I hadn’t left my copy at home, but I couldn’t fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart book .” “Why do you want it?”  aid Harry. “The  ame rea on everyone el e want  it,”  aid Hermione, “to read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secret .” “What’  that?”  aid Harry quickly. “That’  ju t it. I can’t remember,”  aid Hermione, biting her lip. “And I can’t find the  tory anywhere el e —” “Hermione, let me read your compo ition,”  aid Ron de perately, checking hi  watch. “No, I won’t,”  aid Hermione,  uddenly  evere. “You’ve had ten day  to fini h it —” “I only need another two inche , come on —” The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to Hi tory of Magic, bickering. Hi tory of Magic wa  the dulle t  ubject on their  chedule. Profe or Binn , who taught it, wa  their only gho t teacher, and the mo t exciting thing that ever happened in hi  cla e  wa  hi  entering the room through the blackboard. Ancient and  hriveled, many people  aid he hadn’t noticed he wa  dead. He had  imply got up to teach one day and left hi  body behind him in an armchair in front of the  taff room fire; hi  routine had not varied in the  lighte t  ince. Today wa  a  boring a  ever. Profe or Binn  opened hi  note  and began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly everyone in the cla  wa  in a deep  tupor, occa ionally coming to long enough to copy down a name or date, then falling a leep again. He had been  peaking for half an hour when  omething happened that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand. Profe or Binn , glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed. “Mi  — er —?” “Granger, Profe or. I wa  wondering if you could tell u  anything about the Chamber of Secret ,”  aid Hermione in a clear voice. Dean Thoma , who had been  itting with hi  mouth hanging open, gazing out of the window, jerked out of hi  trance; Lavender Brown’  head came up off her arm  and Neville Longbottom’  elbow  lipped off hi  de k. Profe or Binn  blinked. “My  ubject i  Hi tory of Magic,” he  aid in hi  dry, wheezy voice. “I deal with fact , Mi  Granger, not myth  and legend .” He cleared hi  throat with a  mall noi e like chalk  lipping and continued, “In September of that year, a  ubcommittee of Sardinian  orcerer  —” He  tuttered to a halt. Hermione’  hand wa  waving in the air again. “Mi  Grant?” “Plea e,  ir, don’t legend  alway  have a ba i  in fact?” Profe or Binn  wa  looking at her in  uch amazement, Harry wa   ure no  tudent had ever interrupted him before, alive or dead. “Well,”  aid Profe or Binn   lowly, “ye , one could argue that, I  uppo e.” He peered at Hermione a  though he had never  een a  tudent properly before. “However, the legend of which you  peak i   uch a very  en ational, even ludicrou  tale —” But the whole cla  wa  now hanging on Profe or Binn ’  every word. He looked dimly at them all, every face turned to hi . Harry could tell he wa  completely thrown by  uch an unu ual  how of intere t. “Oh, very well,” he  aid  lowly. “Let me  ee…the Chamber of Secret … “You all know, of cour e, that Hogwart  wa  founded over a thou and year  ago — the preci e date i  uncertain — by the four greate t witche  and wizard  of the age. The four  chool Hou e  are named after them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. They built thi  ca tle together, far from prying Muggle eye , for it wa  an age when magic wa  feared by common people, and witche  and wizard   uffered much per ecution.” He pau ed, gazed blearily around the room, and continued. “For a few year , the founder  worked in harmony together,  eeking out young ter  who  howed  ign  of magic and bringing them to the ca tle to be educated. But then di agreement   prang up between them. A rift began to grow between Slytherin and the other . Slytherin wi hed to be more  elective about the  tudent  admitted to Hogwart . He believed that magical learning  hould be kept within all-magic familie . He di liked taking  tudent  of Muggle parentage, believing them to be untru tworthy. After a while, there wa  a  eriou  argument on the  ubject between Slytherin and Gryffindor, and Slytherin left the  chool.” Profe or Binn  pau ed again, pur ing hi  lip , looking like a wrinkled old tortoi e. “Reliable hi torical  ource  tell u  thi  much,” he  aid. “But the e hone t fact  have been ob cured by the fanciful legend of the Chamber of Secret . The  tory goe  that Slytherin had built a hidden chamber in the ca tle, of which the other founder  knew nothing. “Slytherin, according to the legend,  ealed the Chamber of Secret   o that none would be able to open it until hi  own true heir arrived at the  chool. The heir alone would be able to un eal the Chamber of Secret , unlea h the horror within, and u e it to purge the  chool of all who were unworthy to  tudy magic.” There wa   ilence a  he fini hed telling the  tory, but it wa n’t the u ual,  leepy  ilence that filled Profe or Binn ’  cla e . There wa  unea e in the air a  everyone continued to watch him, hoping for more. Profe or Binn  looked faintly annoyed. “The whole thing i  arrant non en e, of cour e,” he  aid. “Naturally, the  chool ha  been  earched for evidence of  uch a chamber, many time , by the mo t learned witche  and wizard . It doe  not exi t. A tale told to frighten the gullible.” Hermione’  hand wa  back in the air. “Sir — what exactly do you mean by the ‘horror within’ the Chamber?” “That i  believed to be  ome  ort of mon ter, which the Heir of Slytherin alone can control,”  aid Profe or Binn  in hi  dry, reedy voice. The cla  exchanged nervou  look . “I tell you, the thing doe  not exi t,”  aid Profe or Binn ,  huffling hi  note . “There i  no Chamber and no mon ter.” “But,  ir,”  aid Seamu  Finnigan, “if the Chamber can only be opened by Slytherin’  true heir, no one el e would be able to find it, would they?” “Non en e, O’Flaherty,”  aid Profe or Binn  in an aggravated tone. “If a long  ucce ion of Hogwart  headma ter  and headmi tre e  haven’t found the thing —” “But, Profe or,” piped up Parvati Patil, “you’d probably have to u e Dark Magic to open it —” “Ju t becau e a wizard doe n’t u e Dark Magic doe n’t mean he can’t, Mi  Pennyfeather,”  napped Profe or Binn . “I repeat, if the like  of Dumbledore —” “But maybe you’ve got to be related to Slytherin,  o Dumbledore couldn’t —” began Dean Thoma , but Profe or Binn  had had enough. “That will do,” he  aid  harply. “It i  a myth! It doe  not exi t! There i  not a  hred of evidence that Slytherin ever built  o much a  a  ecret broom cupboard! I regret telling you  uch a fooli h  tory! We will return, if you plea e, to hi tory, to  olid, believable, verifiable fact!” And within five minute , the cla  had  unk back into it  u ual torpor. “I alway  knew Salazar Slytherin wa  a twi ted old loony,” Ron told Harry and Hermione a  they fought their way through the teeming corridor  at the end of the le on to drop off their bag  before dinner. “But I never knew he  tarted all thi  pure-blood  tuff. I wouldn’t be in hi  hou e if you paid me. Hone tly, if the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin, I’d’ve got the train  traight back home…” Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry didn’t  ay anything. Hi   tomach had ju t dropped unplea antly. Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat had  eriou ly con idered putting him in Slytherin. He could remember, a  though it were ye terday, the  mall voice that had  poken in hi  ear when he’d placed the hat on hi  head a year before: You could be great, you know, it’  all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatne , no doubt about that… But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin Hou e’  reputation for turning out Dark wizard , had thought de perately, Not Slytherin! and the hat had  aid, Oh, well, if you’re  ure…better be Gryffindor.… A  they were  hunted along in the throng, Colin Creevy went pa t. “Hiya, Harry!” “Hullo, Colin,”  aid Harry automatically. “Harry — Harry — a boy in my cla  ha  been  aying you’re —” But Colin wa   o  mall he couldn’t fight again t the tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall; they heard him  queak, “See you, Harry!” and he wa  gone. “What’  a boy in hi  cla   aying about you?” Hermione wondered. “That I’m Slytherin’  heir, I expect,”  aid Harry, hi   tomach dropping another inch or  o a  he  uddenly remembered the way Ju tin Finch-Fletchley had run away from him at lunchtime. “People here’ll believe anything,”  aid Ron in di gu t. The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the next  tairca e without difficulty. “D’you really think there’  a Chamber of Secret ?” Ron a ked Hermione. “I don’t know,”  he  aid, frowning. “Dumbledore couldn’t cure Mr . Norri , and that make  me think that whatever attacked her might not be — well — human.” A   he  poke, they turned a corner and found them elve  at the end of the very corridor where the attack had happened. They  topped and looked. The  cene wa  ju t a  it had been that night, except that there wa  no  tiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, and an empty chair  tood again t the wall bearing the me age “The Chamber of Secret  ha  been Opened.” “That’  where Filch ha  been keeping guard,” Ron muttered. They looked at each other. The corridor wa  de erted. “Can’t hurt to have a poke around,”  aid Harry, dropping hi  bag and getting to hi  hand  and knee   o that he could crawl along,  earching for clue . “Scorch mark !” he  aid. “Here — and here —” “Come and look at thi !”  aid Hermione. “Thi  i  funny…” Har ry got up and cro ed to the window next to the me age on the wall. Hermione wa  pointing at the topmo t pane, where around twenty  pider  were  cuttling, apparently fighting to get through a  mall crack. A long,  ilvery thread wa  dangling like a rope, a  though they had all climbed it in their hurry to get out ide. “Have you ever  een  pider  act like that?”  aid Hermione wonderingly. “No,”  aid Harry, “have you, Ron? Ron?” He looked over hi   houlder. Ron wa   tanding well back and  eemed to be fighting the impul e to run. “What’  up?”  aid Harry. “I — don’t — like —  pider ,”  aid Ron ten ely. “I never knew that,”  aid Hermione, looking at Ron in  urpri e. “You’ve u ed  pider  in Potion  load  of time …” “I don’t mind them dead,”  aid Ron, who wa  carefully looking anywhere but at the window. “I ju t don’t like the way they move….” Hermione giggled. “It’  not funny,”  aid Ron, fiercely. “If you mu t know, when I wa  three, Fred turned my — my teddy bear into a great big filthy  pider becau e I broke hi  toy broom tick…You wouldn’t like them either if you’d been holding your bear and  uddenly it had too many leg  and…” He broke off,  huddering. Hermione wa  obviou ly  till trying not to laugh. Feeling they had better get off the  ubject, Harry  aid, “Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from? Someone’  mopped it up.” “It wa  about here,”  aid Ron, recovering him elf to walk a few pace  pa t Filch’  chair and pointing. “Level with thi  door.” He reached for the bra  doorknob but  uddenly withdrew hi  hand a  though he’d been burned. “What’  the matter?”  aid Harry. “Can’t go in there,”  aid Ron gruffly. “That’  a girl ’ toilet.” “Oh, Ron, there won’t be anyone in there,”  aid Hermione  tanding up and coming over. “That’  Moaning Myrtle’  place. Come on, let’  have a look.” And ignoring the large OUT of ORDER  ign,  he opened the door. It wa  the gloomie t, mo t depre ing bathroom Harry had ever  et foot in. Under a large, cracked, and  potted mirror were a row of chipped  ink . The floor wa  damp and reflected the dull light given off by the  tub  of a few candle , burning low in their holder ; the wooden door  to the  tall  were flaking and  cratched and one of them wa  dangling off it  hinge . Hermione put her finger  to her lip  and  et off toward the end  tall. When  he reached it  he  aid, “Hello, Myrtle, how are you?” Harry and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle wa  floating above the tank of the toilet, picking a  pot on her chin. “Thi  i  a girl ’ bathroom,”  he  aid, eyeing Ron and Harry  u piciou ly. “They’re not girl .” “No,” Hermione agreed. “I ju t wanted to  how them how er — nice it i  in here.” She waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor. “A k her if  he  aw anything,” Harry mouthed at Hermione. “What are you whi pering?”  aid Myrtle,  taring at him. “Nothing,”  aid Harry quickly. “We wanted to a k —” “I wi h people would  top talking behind my back!”  aid Myrtle, in a voice choked with tear . “I do have feeling , you know, even if I am dead —” “Myrtle, no one want  to up et you,”  aid Hermione. “Harry only —” “No one want  to up et me! That’  a good one!” howled Myrtle. “My life wa  nothing but mi ery at thi  place and now people come along ruining my death!” “We wanted to a k you if you’ve  een anything funny lately,”  aid Hermione quickly. “Becau e a cat wa  attacked right out ide your front door on Halloween.” “Did you  ee anyone near here that night?”  aid Harry. “I wa n’t paying attention,”  aid Myrtle dramatically. “Peeve  up et me  o much I came in here and tried to kill my elf. Then, of cour e, I remembered that I’m — that I’m —” “Already dead,”  aid Ron helpfully. Myrtle gave a tragic  ob, ro e up in the air, turned over, and dived headfir t into the toilet,  pla hing water all over them and vani hing from  ight, although from the direction of her muffled  ob ,  he had come to re t  omewhere in the U-bend. Harry and Ron  tood with their mouth  open, but Hermione  hrugged wearily and  aid, “Hone tly, that wa  almo t cheerful for Myrtle….Come on, let’  go.” Harry had barely clo ed the door on Myrtle’  gurgling  ob  when a loud voice made all three of them jump. “RON!” Percy Wea ley had  topped dead at the head of the  tair , prefect badge agleam, an expre ion of complete  hock on hi  face. “That’  a girl ’ bathroom!” he ga ped. “What were you —?” “Ju t having a look around,” Ron  hrugged. “Clue , you know —” Percy  welled in a manner that reminded Harry forcefully of Mr . Wea ley. “Get — away — from — there —” Perry  aid,  triding toward them and  tarting to bu tle them along, flapping hi  arm . “Don’t you care what thi  look  like? Coming back here while everyone’  at dinner —” “Why  houldn’t we be here?”  aid Ron hotly,  topping  hort and glaring at Percy. “Li ten, we never laid a finger on that cat!” “That’  what I told Ginny,”  aid Percy fiercely, “but  he  till  eem  to think you’re going to be expelled, I’ve never  een her  o up et, crying her eye  out, you might think of her, all the fir t year  are thoroughly overexcited by thi  bu ine  —” “You don’t care about Ginny,”  aid Ron, who e ear  were now reddening. “You’re ju t worried I’m going to me  up your chance  of being Head Boy —” “Five point  from Gryffindor!” Percy  aid ter ely, fingering hi  prefect badge. “And I hope it teache  you a le on! No more detective work, or I’ll write to Mum!” And he  trode off, the back of hi  neck a  red a  Ron’  ear . Harry, Ron, and Hermione cho e  eat  a  far a  po ible from Percy in the common room that night. Ron wa   till in a very bad temper and kept blotting hi  Charm  homework. When he reached ab ently for hi  wand to remove the  mudge , it ignited the parchment. Fuming almo t a  much a  hi  homework, Ron  lammed The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 2  hut. To Harry’   urpri e, Hermione followed  uit. “Who can it be, though?”  he  aid in a quiet voice, a  though continuing a conver ation they had ju t been having. “Who’d want to frighten all the Squib  and Muggle-born  out of Hogwart’ ?” “Let’  think,”  aid Ron in mock puzzlement. “Who do we know who think  Muggle-born  are  cum?” He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, unconvinced. “If you’re talking about Malfoy —” “Of cour e I am!”  aid Ron. “You heard him — ‘You’ll be next, Mudblood !’— come on, you’ve only got to look at hi  foul rat face to know it’  him —” “Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin?”  aid Hermione  keptically. “Look at hi  family,”  aid Harry, clo ing hi  book , too. “The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin; he’  alway  boa ting about it. They could ea ily be Slytherin’  de cendant . Hi  father’  definitely evil enough.” “They could’ve had the key to the Chamber of Secret  for centurie !”  aid Ron. “Handing it down, father to  on …” “Well,”  aid Hermione cautiou ly, “I  uppo e it’  po ible…” “But how do we prove it?”  aid Harry darkly. “There might be a way,”  aid Hermione  lowly, dropping her voice  till further with a quick glance acro  the room at Percy. “Of cour e, it would be difficult. And dangerou , very dangerou . We’d be breaking about fifty  chool rule , I expect —” “If, in a month or  o, you feel like explaining, you will let u  know, won’t you?”  aid Ron irritably. “All right,”  aid Hermione coldly. “What we’d need to do i  to get in ide the Slytherin common room and a k Malfoy a few que tion  without him realizing it’  u .” “But that’  impo ible,” Harry  aid a  Ron laughed. “No, it’  not,”  aid Hermione. “All we’d need would be  ome Polyjuice Potion.” “What’  that?”  aid Ron and Harry together. “Snape mentioned it in cla  a few week  ago —” “D’you think we’ve got nothing better to do in Potion  than li ten to Snape?” muttered Ron. “It tran form  you into  omebody el e. Think about it! We could change into three of the Slytherin . No one would know it wa  u . Malfoy would probably tell u  anything. He’  probably boa ting about it in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear him.” “Thi  Polyjuice  tuff  ound  a bit dodgy to me,”  aid Ron, frowning. “What if we were  tuck looking like three of the Slytherin  forever?” “It wear  off after a while,”  aid Hermione, waving her hand impatiently. “But getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult. Snape  aid it wa  in a book called Mo te Potente Potion  and it’  bound to be in the Re tricted Section of the library.” There wa  only one way to get out a book from the Re tricted Section: You needed a  igned note of permi ion from a teacher. “Hard to  ee why we’d want the book, really,”  aid Ron, “if we weren’t going to try and make one of the potion .” “I think,”  aid Hermione, “that if we made it  ound a  though we were ju t intere ted in the theory, we might  tand a chance… “Oh, come on, no teacher’  going to fall for that,”  aid Ron. “They’d have to be really thick…” HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER TEN THE ROGUE BLUDGER S ince the di a trou  epi ode of the pixie , Profe or Lockhart had not brought live creature  to cla . In tead, he read pa age  from hi  book  to them, and  ometime  reenacted  ome of the more dramatic bit . He u ually picked Harry to help him with the e recon truction ;  o far, Harry had been forced to play a  imple Tran ylvanian villager whom Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Cur e, a yeti with a head cold, and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything except lettuce  ince Lockhart had dealt with him. Harry wa  hauled to the front of the cla  during their very next Defen e Again t the Dark Art  le on, thi  time acting a werewolf. If he hadn’t had a very good rea on for keeping Lockhart in a good mood, he would have refu ed to do it. “Nice loud howl, Harry — exactly — and then, if you’ll believe it, I pounced — like thi  —  lammed him to the floor — thu  with one hand, I managed to hold him down — with my other, I put my wand to hi  throat — I then  crewed up my remaining  trength and performed the immen ely complex Homorphu  Charm- he let out a piteou  moan — go on, Harry — higher than that — good — the fur vani hed — the fang   hrank — and he turned back into a man. Simple, yet effective — and another village will remember me forever a  the hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf attack .” The bell rang and Lockhart got to hi  feet. “Homework — compo e a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copie  of Magical Me to the author of the be t one!” The cla  began to leave. Harry returned to the back of the room, where Ron and Hermione were waiting. “Ready?” Harry muttered. “Wait till everyone’  gone,”  aid Hermione nervou ly. “All right…” She approached Lockhart’  de k, a piece of paper clutched tightly in her hand, Harry and Ron right behind her. “Er — Profe or Lockhart?” Hermione  tammered. “I wanted to — to get thi  book out of the library. Ju t for background reading.” She held out the piece of paper, her hand  haking  lightly. “But the thing i , it’  in the Re tricted Section of the library,  o I need a teacher to  ign for it — I’m  ure it would help me under tand what you  ay in Gadding with Ghoul  about  low-acting venom .” “Ah, Gadding with Ghoul !”  aid Lockhart, taking the note from Hermione and  miling widely at her. “Po ibly my very favorite book. You enjoyed it?” “Oh, ye ,”  aid Hermione eagerly. “So clever, the way you trapped that la t one with the tea- trainer —” “Well, I’m  ure no one will mind me giving the be t  tudent of the year a little extra help,”  aid Lockhart warmly, and he pulled out an enormou  peacock quill. “Ye , nice, i n’t it?” he  aid, mi reading the revolted look on Ron’  face. “I u ually  ave it for book- igning .” He  crawled an enormou  loopy  ignature on the note and handed it back to Hermione. “So, Harry,”  aid Lockhart, while Hermione folded the note with fumbling finger  and  lipped it into her bag. “Tomorrow’  the fir t Quidditch match of the  ea on, I believe? Gryffindor again t Slytherin, i  it not? I hear you’re a u eful player. I wa  a Seeker, too. I wa  a ked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my life to the eradication of the Dark Force . Still, if ever you feel the need for a little private training, don’t he itate to a k. Alway  happy to pa  on my experti e to le  able player …” Harry made an indi tinct noi e in hi  throat and then hurried off after Ron and Hermione. “I don’t believe it,” he  aid a  the three of them examined the  ignature on the note. “He didn’t even look at the book we wanted.” “That’  becau e he’  a brainle  git,”  aid Ron. “But who care , we’ve got what we needed—” “He i  not a brainle  git,”  aid Hermione  hrilly a  they half ran toward the library. “Ju t becau e he  aid you were the be t  tudent of the year —” They dropped their voice  a  they entered the muffled  tillne  of the library. Madam Pince, the librarian, wa  a thin, irritable woman who looked like an underfed vulture. “Mo te Potente Potion ?”  he repeated  u piciou ly, trying to take the note from Hermione; but Hermione wouldn’t let go. “I wa  wondering if I could keep it,”  he  aid breathle ly. “Oh, come on,”  aid Ron, wrenching it from her gra p and thru ting it at Madam Pince. “We’ll get you another autograph. Lockhart’ll  ign anything if it  tand   till long enough.” Madam Pince held the note up to the light, a  though determined to detect a forgery, but it pa ed the te t. She  talked away between the lofty  helve  and returned  everal minute  later carrying a large and moldy-looking book. Hermione put it carefully into her bag and they left, trying not to walk too quickly or look too guilty. Five minute  later, they were barricaded in Moaning Myrtle’  out-of-order bathroom once again. Hermione had overridden Ron’  objection  by pointing out that it wa  the la t place anyone in their right mind  would go,  o they were guaranteed  ome privacy. Moaning Myrtle wa  crying noi ily in her  tall, but they were ignoring her, and  he them. Hermione opened Mo te Potente Potion  carefully, and the three of them bent over the damp- potted page . It wa  clear from a glance why it belonged in the Re tricted Section. Some of the potion  had effect  almo t too grue ome to think about, and there were  ome very unplea ant illu tration , which included a man who  eemed to have been turned in ide out and a witch  prouting  everal extra pair  of arm  out of her head. “Here it i ,”  aid Hermione excitedly a   he found the page headed The Polyjuice Potion. It wa  decorated with drawing  of people halfway through tran forming into other people. Harry  incerely hoped the arti t had imagined the look  of inten e pain on their face . “Thi  i  the mo t complicated potion I’ve ever  een,”  aid Hermione a  they  canned the recipe. “Lacewing flie , leeche , fluxweed, and knotgra ,”  he murmured, running her finger down the li t of ingredient . “Well, they’re ea y enough, they’re in the  tudent  tore-cupboard, we can help our elve …Oooh, look, powdered horn of a bicorn — don’t know where we’re going to get that —  hredded  kin of a boom lang —. that’ll be tricky, too and of cour e a bit of whoever we want to change into.” “Excu e me?”  aid Ron  harply. “What d’you mean, a bit of whoever we’re changing into? I’m drinking nothing with Crabbe’  toenail  in it —” Hermione continued a  though  he hadn’t heard him. “We don’t have to worry about that yet, though, becau e we add tho e bit  la t…” Ron turned,  peechle , to Harry, who had another worry. “D’you realize how much we’re going to have to  teal, Hermione? Shredded  kin of a boom lang, that’  definitely not in the  tudent ’ cupboard. What’re we going to do, break into Snape’  private  tore ? I don’t know if thi  i  a good idea…” Hermione  hut the book with a  nap. “Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine,”  he  aid. There were bright pink patche  on her cheek  and her eye  were brighter than u ual. “I don’t want to break rule , you know. I think threatening Muggle-born  i  far wor e than brewing up a difficult potion. But if you don’t want to find out if it’  Malfoy, I’ll go  traight to Madam Pince now and hand the book back in.’ “I never thought Id  ee the day when you’d be per uading u  to break rule ,”  aid Ron. “All right, we’ll do it. But not toenail , okay?” “How long will it take to make, anyway?”  aid Harry a  Hermione, looking happier, opened the book again. “Well,  ince the fluxweed ha  got to be picked at the full moon and the lacewing  have got to be  tewed for twenty-one day …I’d  ay it’d be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredient .” “A month?”  aid Ron. “Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggle-born  in the  chool by then!” But Hermione’  eye  narrowed dangerou ly again, and he added  wiftly, “But it’  the be t plan we’ve got,  o full  team ahead, I  ay.” However, while Hermione wa  checking that the coa t wa  clear for them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry, “It’ll be a lot le  ha le if you can ju t knock Malfoy off hi  broom tomorrow.” Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while thinking about the coming Quidditch match. He wa  nervou , mainly at the thought of what Wood would  ay if Gryffindor lo t, but al o at the idea of facing a team mounted on the fa te t racing broom  gold could buy. He had never wanted to beat Slytherin  o badly. After half an hour of lying there with hi  in ide  churning, he got up, dre ed, and went down to breakfa t early, where he found the re t of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking uptight and not  peaking much. A  eleven o’clock approached, the whole  chool  tarted to make it  way down to the Quidditch  tadium. It wa  a muggy  ort of day with a hint of thunder in the air. Ron and Hermione came hurrying over to wi h Harry good luck a  he entered the locker room . The team pulled on their  carlet Gryffindor robe , then  at down to li ten to Wood’  u ual pre-match pep talk. “Slytherin ha  better broom  than u ,” he began. “No point denying it. But we’ve got better people on our broom . We’ve trained harder than they have, we’ve been flying in all weather  —”(“Too true,” muttered George Wea ley. “I haven’t been properly dry  ince Augu t”)“— and we’re going to make them rue the day they let that little bit of  lime, Malfoy, buy hi  way onto their team.” Che t heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry. “It’ll be down to you, Harry, to  how them that a Seeker ha  to have  omething more than a rich father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or die trying, Harry, becau e we’ve got to win today, we’ve got to.” “So no pre ure, Harry”  aid Fred, winking at him. A  they walked out onto the pitch, a roar of noi e greeted them; mainly cheer , becau e Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were anxiou  to  ee Slytherin beaten, but the Slytherin  in the crowd made their boo  and hi e  heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch teacher, a ked Flint and Wood to  hake hand , which they did, giving each other threatening  tare  and gripping rather harder than wa  nece ary. “On my whi tle,”  aid Madam Hooch. “Three…two…one…” With a roar from the crowd to  peed them upward, the fourteen player  ro e toward the leaden  ky. Harry flew higher than any of them,  quinting around for the Snitch. “All right there, Scarhead?” yelled Malfoy,  hooting underneath him a  though to  how off the  peed of hi  broom. Harry had no time to reply. At that very moment, a heavy black Bludger came pelting toward him; he avoided it  o narrowly that he felt it ruffle hi  hair a  it pa ed. “Clo e one, Harry!”  aid George,  treaking pa t him with hi  club in hi  hand, ready to knock the Bludger back toward a Slytherin. Harry  aw George give the Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian Pucey, but the Bludger changed direction in midair and  hot  traight for Harry again. Harry dropped quickly to avoid it, and George managed to hit it hard toward Malfoy. Once again, the Bludger  werved like a boomerang and  hot at Harry’  head. Harry put on a bur t of  peed and zoomed toward the other end of the pitch. He could hear the Bludger whi tling along behind him. What wa  going on? Bludger  never concentrated on one player like thi ; it wa  their job to try and un eat a  many people a  po ible… Fred Wea ley wa  waiting for the Bludger at the other end. Harry ducked a  Fred  wung at the Bludger with all hi  might; the Bludger wa  knocked off cour e. “Gotcha!” Fred yelled happily, but he wa  wrong; a  though it wa  magnetically attracted to Harry, the Bludger pelted after him once more and Harry wa  forced to fly off at full  peed. It had  tarted to rain; Harry felt heavy drop  fall onto hi  face,  plattering onto hi  gla e . He didn’t have a clue what wa  going on in the re t of the game until he heard Lee Jordan, who wa  commentating,  ay, “Slytherin lead,  ixty point  to zero.’ The Slytherin ’  uperior broom  were clearly doing their job , and meanwhile the mad Bludger wa  doing all it could to knock Harry out of the air. Fred and George were now flying  o clo e to him on either  ide that Harry could  ee nothing at all except their flailing arm  and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let alone catch it. “Someone’  — tampered — with — thi  — Bludger —” Fred grunted,  winging hi  bat with all hi  might at it a  it launched a new attack on Harry. “We need time out,”  aid George, trying to  ignal to Wood and  top the Bludger breaking Harry’  no e at the  ame time. Wood had obviou ly got the me age. Madam Hooch’  whi tle rang out and Harry, Fred, and George dived for the ground,  till trying to avoid the mad Bludger. “What’  going on?”  aid Wood a  the Gryffindor team huddled together, while Slytherin  in the crowd jeered. “We’re being flattened. Fred, George, where were you when that Bludger  topped Angelina  coring?” “We were twenty feet above her,  topping the other Bludger from murdering Harry, Oliver,”  aid George angrily. “Someone’  fixed it — it won’t leave Harry alone. It ha n’t gone for anyone el e all game. The Slytherin  mu t have done  omething to it.” “But the Bludger  have been locked in Madam Hooch’  office  ince our la t practice, and there wa  nothing wrong with them then…”  aid Wood, anxiou ly. Madam Hooch wa  walking toward them. Over her  houlder, Harry could  ee the Slytherin team jeering and pointing in hi  direction. “Li ten,”  aid Harry a   he came nearer and nearer, “with you two flying around me all the time the only way I’m going to catch the Snitch i  if it flie  up my  leeve. Go back to the re t of the team and let me deal with the rogue one.” “Don’t be thick,”  aid Fred. “It’ll take your head off.” Wood wa  looking from Harry to the Wea ley . “Oliver, thi  i  in ane,”  aid Alicia Spinner angrily. “You can’t let Harry deal with that thing on hi  own. Let’  a k for an inquiry…” “If we  top now, we’ll have to forfeit the match!”  aid Harry. “And we’re not lo ing to Slytherin ju t becau e of a crazy Bludger! Come on, Oliver, tell them to leave me alone!” “Thi  i  all your fault,” George  aid angrily to Wood. “`Get the Snitch or die trying,’ what a  tupid thing to tell him —” Madam Hooch had joined them. “Ready to re ume play?”  he a ked Wood. Wood looked at the determined look on Harry’  face. “All right,” he  aid. “Fred, George, you heard Harry — leave him alone and let him deal with the Bludger on hi  own.” The rain wa  falling more heavily now. On Madam Hooch’  whi tle, Harry kicked hard into the air and heard the telltale whoo h of the Bludger behind him. Higher and higher Harry climbed; he looped and  wooped,  piraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly dizzy, he neverthele  kept hi  eye  wide open, rain wa   peckling hi  gla e  and ran up hi  no tril  a  he hung up ide down, avoiding another fierce dive from the Bludger. He could hear laughter from the crowd; he knew he mu t look very  tupid, but the rogue Bludger wa  heavy and couldn’t change direction a  quickly a  Harry could; he began a kind of roller-coa ter ride around the edge  of the  tadium,  quinting through the  ilver  heet  of rain to the Gryffindor goal po t , where Adrian Pucey wa  trying to get pa t Wood. A whi tling in Harry’  ear told him the Bludger had ju t mi ed him again; he turned right over and  ped in the oppo ite direction. “Training for the ballet, Potter?” yelled Malfoy a  Harry wa  forced to do a  tupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the Bludger trailing a few feet behind him; and then, glaring back at Malfoy in hatred, he  aw it — the Golden Snitch. It wa  hovering inche  above Malfoy’  left ear — and Malfoy, bu y laughing at Harry, hadn’t  een it. For an agonizing moment, Harry hung in midair, not daring to  peed toward Malfoy in ca e he looked up and  aw the Snitch. WHAM. He had  tayed  till a  econd too long. The Bludger had hit him at la t,  ma hed into hi  elbow, and Harry felt hi  arm break. Dimly, dazed by the  earing pain in hi  arm, he  lid  ideway  on hi  rain-drenched broom, one knee  till crooked over it, hi  right arm dangling u ele  at hi   ide — the Bludger came pelting back for a  econd attack, thi  time zooming at hi  face — Harry  werved out of the way, one idea firmly lodged in hi  numb brain: get to Malfoy. Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the  himmering,  neering face below him and  aw it  eye  widen with fear: Malfoy thought Harry wa  attacking him. “What the —” he ga ped, careening out of Harry’  way. Harry took hi  remaining hand off hi  broom and made a wild  natch; he felt hi  finger  clo e on the cold Snitch but wa  now only gripping the broom with hi  leg , and there wa  a yell from the crowd below a  he headed  traight for the ground, trying hard not to pa  out. With a  plattering thud he hit the mud and rolled off hi  broom. Hi  arm wa  hanging at a very  trange angle; riddled with pain, he heard, a  though from a di tance, a good deal of whi tling and  houting. He focu ed on the Snitch clutched in hi  good hand. “Aha,” he  aid vaguely. “We’ve won.” And he fainted. He came around, rain falling on hi  face,  till lying on the field, with  omeone leaning over him. He  aw a glitter of teeth. “Oh, no, not you,” he moaned. “Doe n’t know what he’   aying,”  aid Lockhart loudly to the anxiou  crowd of Gryffindor  pre ing around them. “Not to worry, Harry. I’m about to fix your arm.” “No!”  aid Harry. “I’ll keep it like thi , thank …” He tried to  it up, but the pain wa  terrible. He heard a familiar clicking noi e nearby. “I don’t want a photo of thi , Colin,” he  aid loudly. “Lie back, Harry,”  aid Lockhart  oothingly. “It’  a  imple charm I’ve u ed countle  time  —” “Why can’t I ju t go to the ho pital wing?”  aid Harry through clenched teeth. “He  hould really, Profe or,”  aid a muddy Wood, who couldn’t help grinning even though hi  Seeker wa  injured. “Great capture, Harry, really  pectacular, your be t yet, I’d  ay —” Through the thicket of leg  around him, Harry  potted Fred and George Wea ley, wre tling the rogue Bludger into a box. It wa   till putting up a terrific fight. “Stand back,”  aid Lockhart, who wa  rolling up hi  jade-green  leeve . “No — don’t —”  aid Harry weakly, but Lockhart wa  twirling hi  wand and a  econd later had directed it  traight at Harry’  arm. A  trange and unplea ant  en ation  tarted at Harry’   houlder and  pread all the way down to hi  fingertip . It felt a  though hi  arm wa  being deflated. He didn’t dare look at what wa  happening. He had  hut hi  eye , hi  face turned away from hi  arm, but hi  wor t fear  were realized a  the people above him ga ped and Colin Creevey began clicking away madly. Hi  arm didn’t hurt anymore — nor did it feel remotely like an arm. “Ah,”  aid Lockhart. “Ye . Well, that can  ometime  happen. But the point i , the bone  are no longer broken. That’  the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, ju t toddle up to the ho pital wing — ah, Mr. Wea ley, Mi  Granger, would you e cort him? — and Madam Pomfrey will be able to — er — tidy you up a bit.” A  Harry got to hi  feet, he felt  trangely lop ided. Taking a deep breath he looked down at hi  right  ide. What he  aw nearly made him pa  out again. Poking out of the end of hi  robe  wa  what looked like a thick, fle h-colored rubber glove. He tried to move hi  finger . Nothing happened. Lockhart hadn’t mended Harry’  bone . He had removed them. Madam Pomfrey wa n’t at all plea ed. “You  hould have come  traight to me!”  he raged, holding up the  ad, limp remainder of what, half an hour before, had been a working arm. “I can mend bone  in a  econd — but growing them back —” “You will be able to, won’t you?”  aid Harry de perately. “I’ll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful,”  aid Madam Pomfrey grimly, throwing Harry a pair of pajama . “You’ll have to  tay the night…” Hermione waited out ide the curtain drawn around Harry’  bed while Ron helped him into hi  pajama . It took a while to  tuff the rubbery, bonele  arm into a  leeve. “How can you  tick up for Lockhart now, Hermione, eh?” Ron called through the curtain a  he pulled Harry’  limp finger  through the cuff. “If Harry had wanted deboning he would have a ked.” “Anyone can make a mi take,”  aid Hermione. “And it doe n’t hurt anymore, doe  it, Harry?” “No,”  aid Harry, getting into bed. “But it doe n’t do anything el e either.” A  he  wung him elf onto the bed, hi  arm flapped pointle ly. Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the curtain. Madam Pomfrey wa  holding a large bottle of  omething labeled Skele-Gro. “You’re in for a rough night,”  he  aid, pouring out a  teaming beakerful and handing it to him. “Regrowing bone  i  a na ty bu ine .” So wa  taking the Skele-Gro. It burned Harry’  mouth and throat a  it went down, making him cough and  plutter. Still tut-tutting about dangerou   port  and inept teacher , Madam Pomfrey retreated, leaving Ron and Hermione to help Harry gulp down  ome water. “We won, though,”  aid Ron, a grin breaking acro  hi  face. “That wa   ome catch you made. Malfoy’  face…he looked ready to kill…” “I want to know how he fixed that Bludger,”  aid Hermione darkly. “We can add that to the li t of que tion  we’ll a k him when we’ve taken the Polyjuice Potion,”  aid Harry,  inking back onto hi  pillow . “I hope it ta te  better than thi   tuff…” “If it’  got bit  of Slytherin  in it? You’ve got to be joking,”  aid Ron. The door of the ho pital wing bur t open at that moment. Filthy and  oaking wet, the re t of the Gryffindor team had arrived to  ee Harry. “Unbelievable flying, Harry,”  aid George. “I’ve ju t  een Marcu  Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on top of hi  head and not noticing. Malfoy didn’t  eem too happy.” They had brought cake ,  weet , and bottle  of pumpkin juice; they gathered around Harry’  bed and were ju t getting  tarted on what promi ed to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey came  torming over,  houting, “Thi  boy need  re t, he’  got thirty-three bone  to regrow! Out! OUT!” And Harry wa  left alone, with nothing to di tract him from the  tabbing pain  in hi  limp arm. Hour  and hour  later, Harry woke quite  uddenly in the pitch blackne  and gave a  mall yelp of pain: Hi  arm now felt full of large  plinter . For a  econd, he thought that wa  what had woken him. Then, with a thrill of horror, he realized that  omeone wa   ponging hi  forehead in the dark. “Get off!” he  aid loudly, and then, “Dobby!” The hou e-elf’  goggling tenni  ball eye  were peering at Harry through the darkne . A  ingle tear wa  running down hi  long, pointed no e. “Harry Potter came back to  chool,” he whi pered mi erably. “Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. Ah  ir, why didn’t you heed Dobby? Why didn’t Harry Potter go back home when he mi ed the train?” Harry heaved him elf up on hi  pillow  and pu hed Dobby’   ponge away. “What’re you doing here?” he  aid. “And how did you know I mi ed the train?” Dobby’  lip trembled and Harry wa   eized by a  udden  u picion. “It wa  you!” he  aid  lowly. “You  topped the barrier from letting u  through!” “Indeed ye ,  ir,”  aid Dobby, nodding hi  head vigorou ly, ear  flapping. “Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and  ealed the gateway and Dobby had to iron hi  hand  afterward” — he  howed Harry ten long, bandaged finger  — “but Dobby didn’t care,  ir, for he thought Harry Potter wa   afe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to  chool another way!” He wa  rocking backward and forward,  haking hi  ugly head. “Dobby wa   o  hocked when he heard Harry Potter wa  back at Hogwart , he let hi  ma ter’  dinner burn! Such a flogging Dobby never had,  ir…” Harry  lumped back onto hi  pillow . “You nearly got Ron and me expelled,” he  aid fiercely. “You’d better get lo t before my bone  come back, Dobby, or I might  trangle you.” Dobby  miled weakly. “Dobby i  u ed to death threat ,  ir. Dobby get  them five time  a day at home.” He blew hi  no e on a corner of the filthy pillowca e he wore, looking  o pathetic that Harry felt hi  anger ebb away in  pite of him elf. “Why d’you wear that thing, Dobby?” he a ked curiou ly. “Thi ,  ir?”  aid Dobby, plucking at the pillowca e. “‘Ti  a mark of the hou e-elf’  en lavement,  ir. Dobby can only be freed if hi  ma ter  pre ent him with clothe ,  ir. The family i  careful not to pa  Dobby even a  ock,  ir, for then he would be free to leave their hou e forever.” Dobby mopped hi  bulging eye  and  aid  uddenly, “Harry Potter mu t go home! Dobby thought hi  Bludger would be enough to make —” “Your Bludger?”  aid Harry, anger ri ing once more. “What d’you mean, your Bludger? You made that Bludger try and kill me?” “Not kill you,  ir, never kill you!”  aid Dobby,  hocked. “Dobby want  to  ave Harry Potter’  life! Better  ent home, grievou ly injured, than remain here  ir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt enough to be  ent home!” “Oh, i  that all?”  aid Harry angrily. “I don’t  uppo e you’re going to tell me why you wanted me  ent home in piece ?” “Ah, if Harry Potter only knew!” Dobby groaned, more tear  dripping onto hi  ragged pillowca e. “If he knew what he mean  to u , to the lowly, the en laved, we dreg  of the magical world! Dobby remember  how it wa  when He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named wa  at the height of hi  power ,  ir! We hou e-elve  were treated like vermin,  ir! Of cour e, Dobby i   till treated like that,  ir,” he admitted, drying hi  face on the pillowca e. “But mo tly,  ir, life ha  improved for my kind  ince you triumphed over He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named. Harry Potter  urvived, and the Dark Lord’  power wa  broken, and it wa  a new dawn,  ir, and Harry Potter  hone like a beacon of hope for tho e of u  who thought the Dark day  would never end,  it…And now, at Hogwart , terrible thing  are to happen, are perhap  happening already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter  tay here now that hi tory i  to repeat it elf, now that the Chamber of Secret  i  open once more.” Dobby froze, horror truck, then grabbed Harry’  water jug from hi  bed ide table and cracked it over hi  own head, toppling out of  ight. A  econd later, he crawled back onto the bed, cro -eyed, muttering, “Bad Dobby, very bad Dobby…” “So there i  a Chamber of Secret ?” Harry whi pered. “And did you  ay it’  been opened before? Tell me, Dobby!” He  eized the elf’  bony wri t a  Dobby’  hand inched toward the water jug. “But I’m not Muggle-born — how can I be in danger from the Chamber?” “Ah,  ir, a k no more, a k no more of poor Dobby,”  tammered the elf, hi  eye  huge in the dark. “Dark deed  are planned in thi  place, but Harry Potter mu t not be here when they happen — go home, Harry Potter, go home. Harry Potter mu t not meddle in thi ,  ir, ‘ti  too dangerou  —” “Who i  it, Dobby?” Harry  aid, keeping a firm hold on Dobby’  wri t to  top him from hitting him elf with the water jug again. “Who’  opened it? Who opened it la t time?” “Dobby can’t,  ir, Dobby can’t, Dobby mu tn’t tell!”  quealed the elf. “Go home, Harry Potter, go home!” “I’m not going anywhere!”  aid Harry fiercely. “One of my be t friend  i  Muggle-born;  he’ll be fir t in line if the Chamber really ha  been opened —” “Harry Potter ri k  hi  own life for hi  friend !” moaned Dobby in a kind of mi erable ec ta y. “So noble! So valiant! But he mu t  ave him elf, he mu t, Harry Potter mu t not —” Dobby  uddenly froze, hi  bat ear  quivering. Harry heard it, too. There were foot tep  coming down the pa ageway out ide. “Dobby mu t go!” breathed the elf, terrified. There wa  a loud crack, and Harry’  fi t wa   uddenly clenched on thin air. He  lumped back into bed, hi  eye  on the dark doorway to the ho pital wing a  the foot tep  drew nearer. Next moment, Dumbledore wa  backing into the dormitory, wearing a long woolly dre ing gown and a nightcap. He wa  carrying one end of what looked like a  tatue. Profe or McGonagall appeared a  econd later, carrying it  feet. Together, they heaved it onto a bed. “Get Madam Pomfrey,” whi pered Dumbledore, and Profe or McGonagall hurried pa t the end of Harry’  bed out of  ight. Harry lay quite  till, pretending to be a leep. He heard urgent voice , and then Profe or McGonagall  wept back into view, clo ely followed by Madam Pomfrey, who wa  pulling a cardigan on over her nightdre . He heard a  harp intake of breath. “What happened?” Madam Pomfrey whi pered to Dumbledore, bending over the  tatue on the bed. “Another attack,”  aid Dumbledore. “Minerva found him on the  tair .” “There wa  a bunch of grape  next to him,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “We think he wa  trying to  neak up here to vi it Potter.” Harry’   tomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and carefully, he rai ed him elf a few inche   o he could look at the  tatue on the bed. A ray of moonlight lay acro  it   taring face. It wa  Colin Creevey. Hi  eye  were wide and hi  hand  were  tuck up in front of him, holding hi  camera. “Petrified?” whi pered Madam Pomfrey. “Ye ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “But I  hudder to think …If Albu  hadn’t been on the way down tair  for hot chocolate — who know  what might have —” The three of them  tared down at Colin. Then Dumbledore leaned forward and wrenched the camera out of Colin’  rigid grip. “You don’t think he managed to get a picture of hi  attacker?”  aid Profe or McGonagall eagerly. Dumbledore didn’t an wer. He opened the back of the camera. “Good graciou !”  aid Madam Pomfrey. A jet of  team had hi ed out of the camera. Harry, three bed  away, caught the acrid  mell of burnt pla tic. “Melted,”  aid Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. “All melted…” “What doe  thi  mean, Albu ?” Profe or McGonagall a ked urgently. “It mean ,”  aid Dumbledore, “that the Chamber of Secret  i  indeed open again.” Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to her mouth. Profe or McGonagall  tared at Dumbledore. “But, Albu … urely…who?” “The que tion i  not who,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  eye  on Colin. “The que tion i , how…” And from what Harry could  ee of Profe or McGonagall’   hadowy face,  he didn’t under tand thi  any better than he did. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER ELEVEN THE DUELING CLUB H arry woke up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blazing with winter  unlight and hi  arm reboned but very  tiff. He  at up quickly and looked over at Colin’  bed, but it had been blocked from view by the high curtain  Harry had changed behind ye terday. Seeing that he wa  awake, Madam Pomfrey came bu tling over with a breakfa t tray and then began bending and  tretching hi  arm and finger . “All in order,”  he  aid a  he clum ily fed him elf porridge left-handed. “When you’ve fini hed eating, you may leave.” Harry dre ed a  quickly a  he could and hurried off to Gryffindor Tower, de perate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby, but they weren’t there. Harry left to look for them, wondering where they could have got to and feeling  lightly hurt that they weren’t intere ted in whether he had hi  bone  back or not. A  Harry pa ed the library, Percy Wea ley  trolled out of it, looking in far better  pirit  than la t time they’d met. “Oh, hello, Harry,” he  aid. “Excellent flying ye terday, really excellent. Gryffindor ha  ju t taken the lead for the Hou e Cup — you earned fifty point !” “You haven’t  een Ron or Hermione, have you?”  aid Harry. “No, I haven’t,”  aid Percy, hi   mile fading. “I hope Ron’  not in another girl ’ toilet …” Harry forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of  ight, and then headed  traight for Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. He couldn’t  ee why Ron and Hermione would be in there again, but after making  ure that neither Filch nor any prefect  were around, he opened the door and heard their voice  coming from a locked  tall. “It’  me,” he  aid, clo ing the door behind him. There wa  a clunk, a  pla h, and a ga p from within the  tall and he  aw Hermione’  eye peering through the keyhole. `Harry!”  he  aid. “You gave u   uch a fright — come in. How’  your arm?” “Fine,”  aid Harry,  queezing into the  tall. An old cauldron wa  perched on the toilet, and a crackling from under the rim told Harry they had lit a fire beneath it. Conjuring up portable, waterproof fire  wa  a  peciality of Hermione’ . “We’d’ve come to meet you, but we decided to get  tarted on the Polyjuice Potion,” Ron explained a  Harry, with difficulty, locked the  tall again. “We’ve decided thi  i  the  afe t place to hide it.” Harry  tarted to tell them about Colin, but Hermione interrupted. “We already know — we heard Profe or McGonagall telling Profe or Flitwick thi  morning. That’  why we decided we’d better get going —” “The  ooner we get a confe ion out of Malfoy, the better,”  narled Ron. “D’you know what I think? He wa  in  uch a foul temper after the Quidditch match, he took it out on Colin.” “There’   omething el e,”  aid Harry, watching Hermione tearing bundle  of knotgra  and throwing them into the potion. “Dobby came to vi it me in the middle of the night.” Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry told them everything Dobby had told him — or hadn’t told him. Hermione and Ron li tened with their mouth  open. “The Chamber of Secret  ha  been opened before?” Hermione  aid. “Thi   ettle  it,”  aid Ron in a triumphant voice. “Luciu  Malfoy mu t’ve opened the Chamber when he wa  at  chool here and now he’  told dear old Draco how to do it. It’  obviou . Wi h Dobby’d told you what kind of mon ter’  in there, though. I want to know how come nobody’  noticed it  neaking around the  chool.” “Maybe it can make it elf invi ible,”  aid Hermione, prodding leeche  to the bottom of the cauldron. “Or maybe it can di gui e it elf — pretend to be a  uit of armor or  omething — I’ve read about Chameleon Ghoul  —” “You read too much, Hermione,”  aid Ron, pouring dead lacewing  on top of the leeche . He crumpled up the empty lacewing bag and looked at Harry. “So Dobby  topped u  from getting on the train and broke your arm.” He  hook hi  head. “You know what, Harry? If he doe n’t  top trying to  ave your life he’  going to kill you.” The new  that Colin Creevey had been attacked and wa  now lying a  though dead in the ho pital wing had  pread through the entire  chool by Monday morning. The air wa   uddenly thick with rumor and  u picion. The fir t year  were now moving around the ca tle in tight-knit group , a  though  cared they would be attacked if they ventured forth alone. Ginny Wea ley, who  at next to Colin Creevey in Charm , wa  di traught, but Harry felt that Fred and George were going the wrong way about cheering her up. They were taking turn  covering them elve  with fur or boil  and jumping out at her from behind  tatue . They only  topped when Percy, apoplectic with rage, told them he wa  going to write to Mr . Wea ley and tell her Ginny wa  having nightmare . Meanwhile, hidden from the teacher , a roaring trade in tali man , amulet , and other protective device  wa   weeping the  chool. Neville Longbottom bought a large, evil- melling green onion, a pointed purple cry tal, and a rotting newt tail before the other Gryffindor boy  pointed out that he wa  in no danger; he wa  a pure-blood, and therefore unlikely to be attacked. “They went for Filch fir t,” Neville  aid, hi  round face fearful. “And everyone know  I’m almo t a Squib.” In the  econd week of December Profe or McGonagall came around a  u ual, collecting name  of tho e who would be  taying at  chool for Chri tma . Harry, Ron, and Hermione  igned her li t; they had heard that Malfoy wa   taying, which  truck them a  very  u piciou . The holiday  would be the perfect time to u e the Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confe ion out of him. Unfortunately, the potion wa  only half fini hed. They  till needed the bicorn horn and the boom lang  kin, and the only place they were going to get them wa  from Snape’  private  tore . Harry privately felt he’d rather face Slytherin’  legendary mon ter than let Snape catch him robbing hi  office. “What we need,”  aid Hermione bri kly a  Thur day afternoon’  double Potion  le on loomed nearer, “i  a diver ion. Then one of u  can  neak into Snape’  office and take what we need.” Harry and Ron looked at her nervou ly. “I think I’d better do the actual  tealing,” Hermione continued in a matter-of-fact tone. “You two will be expelled if you get into any more trouble, and I’ve got a clean record. So all you need to do i  cau e enough mayhem to keep Snape bu y for five minute  or  o.” Harry  miled feebly. Deliberately cau ing mayhem in Snape’  Potion  cla  wa  about a   afe a  poking a  leeping dragon in the eye. Potion  le on  took place in one of the large dungeon . Thur day afternoon’  le on proceeded in the u ual way. Twenty cauldron   tood  teaming between the wooden de k , on which  tood bra   cale  and jar  of ingredient . Snape prowled through the fume , making wa pi h remark  about the Gryffindor ’ work while the Slytherin   niggered appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who wa  Snape’  favorite  tudent, kept flicking puffer-fi h eye  at Ron and Harry, who knew that if they retaliated they would get detention fa ter than you could  ay “Unfair.” Harry’  Swelling Solution wa  far too runny, but he had hi  mind on more important thing . He wa  waiting for Hermione’   ignal, and he hardly li tened a  Snape pau ed to  neer at hi  watery potion. When Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione caught Harry’  eye and nodded. Harry ducked  wiftly down behind hi  cauldron, pulled one of Fred’  Filibu ter firework  out of hi  pocket, and gave it a quick prod with hi  wand. The firework began to fizz and  putter. Knowing he had only  econd , Harry  traightened up, took aim, and lobbed it into the air; it landed right on target in Goyle’  cauldron. Goyle’  potion exploded,  howering the whole cla . People  hrieked a   pla he  of the Swelling Solution hit them. Malfoy got a faceful and hi  no e began to  well like a balloon; Goyle blundered around, hi  hand  over hi  eye , which had expanded to the  ize of a dinner plate — Snape wa  trying to re tore calm and find out what had happened. Through the confu ion, Harry  aw Hermione  lip quietly into Snape’  office. “Silence! SILENCE!” Snape roared. “Anyone who ha  been  pla hed, come here for a Deflating Draft — when I find out who did thi  —” Harry tried not to laugh a  he watched Malfoy hurry forward, hi  head drooping with the weight of a no e like a  mall melon. A  half the cla  lumbered up to Snape’  de k,  ome weighted down with arm  like club , other  unable to talk through gigantic puffed-up lip , Harry  aw Hermione  lide back into the dungeon, the front of her robe  bulging. When everyone had taken a  wig of antidote and the variou   welling  had  ub ided, Snape  wept over to Goyle’  cauldron and  cooped out the twi ted black remain  of the firework. There wa  a  udden hu h. “If I ever find out who threw thi ,” Snape whi pered, “I  hall make  ure that per on i  expelled.” Harry arranged hi  face into what he hoped wa  a puzzled expre ion. Snape wa  looking right at him, and the bell that rang ten minute  later could not have been more welcome. “He knew it wa  me,” Harry told Ron and Hermione a  they hurried back to Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. “I could tell.” Hermione threw the new ingredient  into the cauldron and began to  tir feveri hly. “It’ll be ready in two week ,”  he  aid happily. “Snape can’t prove it wa  you,”  aid Ron rea uringly to Harry. “What can he do?” “Knowing Snape,  omething foul,”  aid Harry a  the potion frothed and bubbled. A week later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking acro  the entrance hall when they  aw a  mall knot of people gathered around the notice board, reading a piece of parchment that had ju t been pinned up. Seamu  Finnigan and Dean Thoma  beckoned them over, looking excited. “They’re  tarting a Dueling Club!”  aid Seamu . “Fir t meeting tonight! I wouldn’t mind dueling le on ; they might come in handy one of the e day …” “What, you reckon Slytherin’  mon ter can duel?”  aid Ron, but he, too, read the  ign with intere t. “Could be u eful,” he  aid to Harry and Hermione a  they went into dinner. “Shall we go?” Harry and Hermione were all for it,  o at eight o’clock that evening they hurried back to the Great Hall. The long dining table  had vani hed and a golden  tage had appeared along one wall, lit by thou and  of candle  floating overhead. The ceiling wa  velvety black once more and mo t of the  chool eemed to be packed beneath it, all carrying their wand  and looking excited. “I wonder who’ll be teaching u ?”  aid Hermione a  they edged into the chattering crowd. “Someone told me Flitwick wa  a dueling champion when he wa  young — maybe it’ll be him.” “A  long a  it’  not —” Harry began, but he ended on a groan: Gilderoy Lockhart wa  walking onto the  tage, re plendent in robe  of deep plum and accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing hi  u ual black. Lockhart waved an arm for  ilence and called ‘ “Gather round, gather round! Can everyone  ee me? Can you all hear me? Excellent! “Now, Profe or Dumbledore ha  granted me permi ion to  tart thi  little dueling club, to train you all in ca e you ever need to defend your elve  a  I my elf have done on countle  occa ion  — for full detail ,  ee my publi hed work . “Let me introduce my a i tant, Profe or Snape,”  aid Lockhart, fla hing a wide  mile. “He tell  me he know  a tiny little bit about dueling him elf and ha   portingly agreed to help me with a  hort demon tration before we begin. Now, I don’t want any of you young ter  to worry — you’ll  till have your Potion  ma ter when I’m through with him, never fear!” “Wouldn’t it be good if they fini hed each other off?” Ron muttered in Harry’  ear. Snape’  upper lip wa  curling. Harry wondered why Lockhart wa   till  miling; if Snape had been looking at him like that he’d have been running a  fa t a  he could in the oppo ite direction. Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and bowed; at lea t, Lockhart did, with much twirling of hi  hand , wherea  Snape jerked hi  head irritably. Then they rai ed their wand  like  word  in front of them. “A  you  ee, we are holding our wand  in the accepted combative po ition,” Lockhart told the  ilent crowd. “On the count of three, we will ca t our fir t  pell . Neither of u  will be aiming to kill, of cour e.” “I wouldn’t bet on that,” Harry murmured, watching Snape baring hi  teeth. “One — two — three —” Both of them  wung their wand  above their head  and pointed them at their opponent; Snape cried: “Expelliarmu !” There wa  a dazzling fla h of  carlet light and Lockhart wa  bla ted off hi  feet: He flew backward off the  tage,  ma hed into the wall, and  lid down it to  prawl on the floor. Malfoy and  ome of the other Slytherin  cheered. Hermione wa  dancing on tiptoe . “Do you think he’  all right?”  he  quealed through her finger . “Who care ?”  aid Harry and Ron together. Lockhart wa  getting un teadily to hi  feet. Hi  hat had fallen off and hi  wavy hair wa   tanding on end. “Well, there you have it!” he  aid, tottering back onto the platform. “That wa  a Di arming Charm — a  you  ee, I’ve lo t my wand — ah, thank you, Mi  Brown — ye , an excellent idea to  how them that, Profe or Snape, but if you don’t mind my  aying  o, it wa  very obviou  what you were about to do. If I had wanted to  top you it would have been only too ea y — however, I felt it would be in tructive to let them  ee…” Snape wa  looking murderou . Po ibly Lockhart had noticed, becau e he  aid, “Enough demon trating! I’m going to come among t you now and put you all into pair . Profe or Snape, if you’d like to help me —” They moved through the crowd, matching up partner . Lockhart teamed Neville with Ju tin Finch-Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry and Ron fir t. “Time to  plit up the dream team, I think,” he  neered. “Wea ley, you can partner Finnigan. Potter —” Harry moved automatically toward Hermione. “I don’t think  o,”  aid Snape,  miling coldly. “Mr. Malfoy, come over here. Let’   ee what you make of the famou  Potter. And you, Mi  Granger — you can partner Mi  Bul trode.” Malfoy  trutted over,  mirking. Behind him walked a Slytherin girl who reminded Harry of a picture he’d  een in Holiday  with Hag . She wa  large and  quare and her heavy jaw jutted aggre ively. Hermione gave her a weak  mile that  he did not return. “Face your partner !” called Lockhart, back on the platform. “And bow!” Hrry and Malfoy barely inclined their head , not taking their eye  off each other. “Wand  at the ready!”  houted Lockhart. “When I count to three, ca t your charm  to di arm your opponent  — only to di arm them — we don’t want any accident  — one … two …three —” Harry  wung hi  wand high, but Malfoy had already  tarted on “two”: Hi   pell hit Harry  o hard he felt a  though he’d been hit over the head with a  aucepan. He  tumbled, but everything  till  eemed to be working, and wa ting no more time, Harry pointed hi  wand  traight at Malfoy and  houted, “Rictu empra!” A jet of  ilver light hit Malfoy in the  tomach and he doubled up, wheezing. “I  aid di arm only!” Lockhart  houted in alarm over the head  of the battling crowd, a  Malfoy  ank to hi  knee ; Harry had hit him with a Tickling Charm, and he could barely move for laughing. Harry hung back, with a vague feeling it would be un porting to bewitch Malfoy while he wa  on the floor, but thi  wa  a mi take; ga ping for breath, Malfoy pointed hi  wand at Harry’  knee , choked, “Tarantallegra!” and the next  econd Harry’  leg  began to jerk around out of hi  control in a kind of quick tep. “Stop! Stop!”  creamed Lockhart, but Snape took charge. “Finite Incantatem!” he  houted; Harry’  feet  topped dancing, Malfoy  topped laughing, and they were able to look up. A haze of greeni h  moke wa  hovering over the  cene. Both Neville and Ju tin were lying on the floor, panting; Ron wa  holding up an a hen-faced Seamu , apologizing for whatever hi  broken wand had done; but Hermione and Millicent Bul trode were  till moving; Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione wa  whimpering in pain; both their wand  lay forgotten on the floor. Harry leapt forward and pulled Millicent off. It wa  difficult: She wa  a lot bigger than he wa . “Dear, dear,”  aid Lockhart,  kittering through the crowd, looking at the aftermath of the duel . “Up you go, Macmillan….” “Careful there, Mi  Fawcett…. Pinch it hard, it’ll  top bleeding in a  econd,” “I think I’d better teach you how to block unfriendly  pell ,”  aid Lockhart,  tanding flu tered in the mid t of the hall. He glanced at Snape, who e black eye  glinted, and looked quickly away. “Let’  have a volunteer pair — Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about you —” “A bad idea, Profe or Lockhart,”  aid Snape, gliding over like a large and malevolent bat. “Longbottom cau e  deva tation with the  imple t  pell . We’ll be  ending what’  left of Finch-Fletchley up to the ho pital wing in a matchbox.” Neville’  round, pink face went pinker. “How about Malfoy and Potter?”  aid Snape with a twi ted  mile. “Excellent idea!”  aid Lockhart, ge turing Harry and Malfoy into the middle of the hall a  the crowd backed away to give them room. “Now, Harry,”  aid Lockhart. “When Draco point  hi  wand at you, you do thi .” He rai ed hi  own wand, attempted a complicated  ort of wiggling action, and dropped it. Snape  mirked a  Lockhart quickly picked it up,  aying, “Whoop  — my wand i  a little overexcited —” Snape moved clo er to Malfoy, bent down, and whi pered  omething in hi  ear. Malfoy  mirked, too. Harry looked up nervou ly at Lockhart and  aid, “Profe or, could you  how me that blocking thing again?” “Scared?” muttered Malfoy,  o that Lockhart couldn’t hear him. “You wi h,”  aid Harry out of the corner of hi  mouth. Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the  houlder. “Ju t do what I did, Harry!” “What, drop my wand?” But Lockhart wa n’t li tening. “Three — two — one — go!” he  houted. Malfoy rai ed hi  wand quickly and bellowed, “Serpen ortia!” The end of hi  wand exploded. Harry watched, agha t, a  a long black  nake  hot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them, and rai ed it elf, ready to  trike. There were  cream  a  the crowd backed  wiftly away, clearing the floor. “Don’t move, Potter,”  aid Snape lazily, clearly enjoying the  ight of Harry  tanding motionle , eye to eye with the angry  nake. “I’ll get rid of it……” “Allow me!”  houted Lockhart. He brandi hed hi  wand at the  nake and there wa  a loud bang; the  nake, in tead of vani hing, flew ten feet into the air and fell back to the floor with a loud  mack. Enraged, hi ing furiou ly, it  lithered  traight toward Ju tin Finch-Fletchley and rai ed it elf again, fang  expo ed, poi ed to  trike. Harry wa n’t  ure what made him do it. He wa n’t even aware of deciding to do it. All he knew wa  that hi  leg  were carrying him forward a  though he wa  on ca ter  and that he had  houted  tupidly at the  nake, “Leave him alone!” And miraculou ly — inexplicably — the  nake  lumped to the floor, docile a  a thick, black garden ho e, it  eye  now on Harry. Harry felt the fear drain out of him. He knew the  nake wouldn’t attack anyone now, though how he knew it, he couldn’t have explained. He looked up at Ju tin, grinning, expecting to  ee Ju tin looking relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful — but certainly not angry and  cared. “What do you think you’re playing at?” he  houted, and before Harry could  ay anything, Ju tin had turned and  tormed out of the hall. Snape  tepped forward, waved hi  wand, and the  nake vani hed in a  mall puff of black  moke. Snape, too, wa  looking at Harry in an unexpected way: It wa  a  hrewd and calculating look, and Harry didn’t like it. He wa  al o dimly aware of an ominou  muttering all around the wall . Then he felt a tugging on the back of hi  robe . “Come on,”  aid Ron’  voice in hi  ear. “Move — come on —” Ron  teered him out of the hall, Hermione hurrying along ide them. A  they went through the door , the people on either  ide drew away a  though they were frightened of catching  omething. Harry didn’t have a clue what wa  going on, and neither Ron nor Hermione explained anything until they had dragged him all the way up to the empty Gryffindor common room. Then Ron pu hed Harry into an armchair and  aid, “You’re a Par elmouth. Why didn’t you tell u ?” “I’m a what?”  aid Harry. `A Par elmouth!”  aid Ron. “You can talk to  nake !” “I know,”  aid Harry. “I mean, that’  only the  econd time I’ve ever done it. I accidentally  et a boa con trictor on my cou in Dudley at the zoo once — long  tory — but it wa  telling me it had never  een Brazil and I  ort of  et it free without meaning to that wa  before I knew I wa  a wizard —” “A boa con trictor told you it had never  een Brazil?” Ron repeated faintly. “So?”  aid Harry. “I bet load  of people here can do it.” “Oh, no they can’t,”  aid Ron. “It’  not a very common gift. Harry, thi  i  bad.” “What’  bad?”  aid Harry,  tarting to feel quite angry. “What’  wrong with everyone? Li ten, if I hadn’t told that  nake not to attack Ju tin —” “Oh, that’  what you  aid to it?” “What d’you mean? You were there — you heard me —” “I heard you  peaking Par eltongue,”  aid Ron. “Snake language. You could have been  aying anything — no wonder Ju tin panicked, you  ounded like you were egging the  nake on or  omething — it wa  creepy, you know —” Harry gaped at him. “I  poke a different language? But — I didn’t realize — how can I  peak a language without knowing I can  peak it?” Ron  hook hi  head. Both he and Hermione were looking a  though  omeone had died. Harry couldn’t  ee what wa   o terrible. “D’you want to tell me what’  wrong with  topping a ma ive  nake biting off Ju tin’  head?” he  aid. “What doe  it matter how I did it a  long a  Ju tin doe n’t have to join the Headle  Hunt?” “It matter ,”  aid Hermione,  peaking at la t in a hu hed voice, “becau e being able to talk to  nake  wa  what Salazar Slytherin wa  famou  for. That’  why the  ymbol of Slytherin Hou e i  a  erpent.” Harry’  mouth fell open. “Exactly,”  aid Ron. “And now the whole  chool’  going to think you’re hi  great-great-great-great-grand on or  omething —” “But I’m not,”  aid Harry, with a panic he couldn’t quite explain. “You’ll find that hard to prove,”  aid Hermione. “He lived about a thou and year  ago; for all we know, you could be.” Harry lay awake for hour  that night. Through a gap in the curtain  around hi  four-po ter he watched  now  tarting to drift pa t the tower window and wondered… Could he be a de cendant of Salazar Slithering? He didn’t know anything about hi  father’  family, after all. The Dur ley  had alway  forbidden que tion  about hi  wizarding relative . Quietly, Harry tried to  ay  omething in Par eltongue. The word  wouldn’t come. It  eemed he had to be face-to-face with a  nake to do it. But I’m in Gryffindor, Harry thought. The Sorting Hat wouldn’t have put me in here if I had Slytherin blood… Ah,  aid a na ty little voice in hi  brain, but the Sorting Hat wanted to put you in Slytherin, don’t you remember? Harry turned over. He’d  ee Ju tin the next day in Herbology and he’d explain that he’d been calling the  nake off, not egging it on, which (he thought angrily, pummeling hi  pillow) any fool  hould have realized. By next morning, however, the  now that had begun in the night had turned into a blizzard  o thick that the la t Herbology le on of the term wa  canceled: Profe or Sprout wanted to fit  ock  and  carve  on the Mandrake , a tricky operation  he would entru t to no one el e, now that it wa   o important for the Mandrake  to grow quickly and revive Mr . Norri  and Colin Creevey. Harry fretted about thi  next to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, while Ron and Hermione u ed their time off to play a game of wizard che . “For heaven’   ake, Harry,”  aid Hermione, exa perated, a  one of Ron’  bi hop  wre tled her knight off hi  hor e and dragged him off the board. “Go and find Ju tin if it’   o important to you.” So Harry got up and left through the portrait hole, wondering where Ju tin might be. The ca tle wa  darker than it u ually wa  in daytime becau e of the thick,  wirling gray  now at every window. Shivering, Harry walked pa t cla room  where le on  were taking place, catching  natche  of what wa  happening within. Profe or McGonagall wa   houting at  omeone who, by the  ound of it, had turned hi  friend into a badger. Re i ting the urge to take a look, Harry walked on by, thinking that Ju tin might be u ing hi  free time to catch up on  ome work, and deciding to check the library fir t. A group of the Hufliepuff  who  hould have been in Herbology were indeed  itting at the back of the library, but they didn’t  eem to be working. Between the long line  of high book helve , Harry could  ee that their head  were clo e together and they were having what looked like an ab orbing conver ation. He couldn’t  ee whether Ju tin wa  among them. He wa  walking toward them when  omething of what they were  aying met hi  ear , and he pau ed to li ten, hidden in the Invi ibility  ection. “So anyway,” a  tout boy wa   aying, “I told Ju tin to hide up in our dormitory. I mean to  ay, if Potter’  marked him down a  hi  next victim, it’  be t if he keep  a low profile for a while. Of cour e, Ju tin’  been waiting for  omething like thi  to happen ever  ince he let  lip to Potter he wa  Muggle-born. Ju tin actually told him he’d been down for Eton. That’  not the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherin’  heir on the loo e, i  it?” “You definitely think it i  Potter, then, Ernie?”  aid a girl with blonde pigtail  anxiou ly. “Hannah,”  aid the  tout boy  olemnly, “he’  a Par elmouth. Everyone know  that’  the mark of a Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a decent one who could talk to  nake ? They called Slytherin him elf Serpent-tongue.” There wa   ome heavy murmuring at thi , and Ernie went on, “Remember what wa  written on the wall? Enemie  of the Heir, Beware. Potter had  ome  ort of run-in with Filch. Next thing we know, Flich’  cat’  attacked. That fir t year, Creevey, wa  annoying Potter at the Quidditch match, taking picture  of him while he wa  lying in the mud. Next thing we know — Creevey’  been attacked.” “He alway   eem   o nice, though,”  aid Hannah uncertainly, “and, well, he’  the one who made You-Know-Who di appear. He can’t be all bad, can he?” Ernie lowered hi  voice my teriou ly, the Hufflepuff  bent clo er, and Harry edged nearer  o that he could catch Ernie’  word . “No one know  how he  urvived that attack by You-Know-Who. I mean to  ay, he wa  only a baby when it happened. He  hould have been bla ted into  mithereen . Only a really powerful Dark wizard could have  urvived a cur e like that.” He dropped hi  voice until it wa  barely more than a whi per, and  aid, “That’  probably why You- Know-Who wanted to kill him in the fir t place. Didn’t want another Dark Lord competing with him. I wonder what other power  Potter’  been hiding?” Harry couldn’t take anymore. Clearing hi  throat loudly, he  tepped out from behind the book helve . If he hadn’t been feeling  o angry, he would have found the  ight that greeted him funny: Every one of the Hufflepuff  looked a  though they had been Petrified by the  ight of him, and the color wa  draining out of Ernie’  face. “Hello,”  aid Harry. “I’m looking for Ju tin Finch-Fletchley.” The Hufflepuff ’ wor t fear  had clearly been confirmed. They all looked fearfully at Ernie. “What do you want with him?”  aid Ernie in a quavering voice. “I wanted to tell him what really happened with that  nake at the Dueling Club,”  aid Harry. Ernie bit hi  white lip  and then, taking a deep breath,  aid, “We were all there. We  aw what happened.” “Then you noticed that after I  poke to it, the  nake backed off?”  aid Harry. “All I  aw,”  aid Ernie  tubbornly, though he wa  trembling a  he  poke, “wa  you  peaking Par eltongue and cha ing the  nake toward Ju tin.” “I didn’t cha e it at him!” Harry  aid, hi  voice  haking with anger. “It didn’t even touch him!” “It wa  a very near mi ,”  aid Ernie. “And in ca e you’re getting idea ,” he added ha tily, “I might tell you that you can trace my family back through nine generation  of witche  and warlock  and my blood’  a  pure a  anyone’ ,  o —” “- I don’t care what  ort of blood you’ve got!”  aid Harry fiercely. “Why would I want to attack Muggle-born ?” “I’ve heard you hate tho e Muggle  you live with,”  aid Ernie  wiftly. “It’  not po ible to live with the Dur ley  and not hate them,”  aid Harry. “I’d like to  ee you try it.” He turned on hi  heel and  tormed out of the library, earning him elf a reproving glare from Madam Pince, who wa  poli hing the gilded cover of a large  pellbook. Harry blundered up the corridor, barely noticing where he wa  going, he wa  in  uch a fury. The re ult wa  that he walked into  omething very large and  olid, which knocked him backward onto the floor. “Oh, hello, Hagrid,” Harry  aid, looking up. Hagrid’  face wa  entirely hidden by a woolly,  now-covered balaclava, but it couldn’t po ibly be anyone el e, a  he filled mo t of the corridor in hi  mole kin overcoat. A dead roo ter wa  hanging from one of hi  ma ive, gloved hand . “All righ’, Harry?” he  aid, pulling up the balaclava  o he could  peak. “Why aren’t yeh in cla ?” “Canceled,”  aid Harry, getting up. “What’re you doing in here?” Hagrid held up the limp roo ter. “Second one killed thi  term,” he explained. “It’  either foxe  or a Blood-Suckin Bugbear, an’ I need the Headma ter’  permi ion ter put a charm around the hen coop.” He peered more clo ely at Harry from under hi  thick,  nowflecked eyebrow . “Yeh  ure yeh’re all righ’? Yeh look all hot an’ bothered —” Harry couldn’t bring him elf to repeat what Ernie and the re t of the Hufflepuff  had been  aying about him. “It’  nothing,” he  aid. “Id better get going, Hagrid, it’  Tran figuration next and I’ve got to pick up my book .” He walked off, hi  mind  till full of what Ernie had  aid about him. “Ju tin’  been waiting for  omething like thi  to happen ever  ince he let  lip to Potter he wa  Muggle-born…” Harry  tamped up the  tair  and turned along another corridor, which wa  particularly dark; the torche  had been extingui hed by a  trong, icy draft that wa  blowing through a loo e windowpane. He wa  halfway down the pa age when he tripped headlong over  omething lying on the floor. He turned to  quint at what he’d fallen over and felt a  though hi   tomach had di olved. Ju tin Finch-Fletchley wa  lying on the floor, rigid and cold, a look of  hock frozen on hi  face, hi  eye   taring blankly at the ceiling. And that wa n’t all. Next to him wa  another figure, the  trange t  ight Harry had ever  een. It wa  Nearly Headle  Nick, no longer pearly-white and tran parent, but black and  moky, floating immobile and horizontal,  ix inche  off the floor. Hi  head wa  half off and hi  face wore an expre ion of  hock identical to Ju tin’ . Harry got to hi  feet, hi  breathing fa t and  hallow, hi  heart doing a kind of drumroll again t hi  rib . He lookedwildly up and down the de erted corridor and  aw a line of  pider   cuttling a  fa t a  they could away from the bodie . The only  ound  were the muffled voice  of teacher  from the cla e  on either  ide. He could run, and no one would ever know he had been there. But he couldn’t ju t leave them lying here…He had to get help…Would anyone believe he hadn’t had anything to do with thi ? A  he  tood there, panicking, a door right next to him opened with a bang. Peeve  the Poltergei t came  hooting out. “Why, it’  potty wee Potter!” cackled Peeve , knocking Harry’  gla e  a kew a  he bounced pa t him. “What’  Potter up to? Why’  Potter lurking —” Peeve   topped, halfway through a midair  omer ault. Up ide down, he  potted Ju tin and Nearly Headle  Nick. He flipped the right way up, filled hi  lung  and, before Harry could  top him,  creamed, “ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! ATTAAAACK!” Cra h — cra h — cra h — door after door flew open along the corridor and people flooded out. For  everal long minute , there wa  a  cene of  uch confu ion that Ju tin wa  in danger of being  qua hed and people kept  tanding in Nearly Headle  Nick. Harry found him elf pinned again t the wall a  the teacher   houted for quiet. Profe or McGonagall came running, followed by her own cla , one of whom  till had black-and-white- triped hair. She u ed her wand to  et off a loud bang, which re tored  ilence, and ordered everyone back into their cla e . No  ooner had the  cene cleared  omewhat than Ernie the Hufflepuff arrived, panting, on the  cene. “Caught in the act!” Ernie yelled, hi  face  tark white, pointing hi  finger dramatically at Harry. “That will do, Macmillan!”  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply. Peeve  wa  bobbing overhead, now grinning wickedly,  urveying the  cene; Peeve  alway  loved chao . A  the teacher  bent over Ju tin and Nearly Headle  Nick, examining them, Peeve  broke into  ong: “Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done, You’re killing off’  tudent , you think it’  good fun —” “That’  enough Peeve !” barked Profe or McGonagall, and Peeve  zoomed away backward, with hi  tongue out at Harry. Ju tin wa  carried up to the ho pital wing by Profe or Flitwick and Profe or Sini tra of the A tronomy department, but nobody  eemed to know what to do for Nearly Headle  Nick. In the end, Profe or McGonagall conjured a large fan out of thin air, which  he gave to Ernie with in truction  to waft Nearly Headle  Nick up the  tair . Thi  Ernie did, fanning Nick along like a  ilent black hovercraft. Thi  left Harry and Profe or McGonagall alone together. “Thi  way, Potter,”  he  aid. “Profe or,”  aid Harry at once, “I  wear I didn’t —” “Thi  i  out of my hand , Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall curtly. They marched in  ilence around a corner and  he  topped before a large and extremely ugly  tone gargoyle. “Lemon drop!”  he  aid. Thi  wa  evidently a pa word, becau e the gargoyle  prang  uddenly to life and hopped a ide a  the wall behind him  plit in two. Even full of dread for what wa  coming, Harry couldn’t fail to be amazed. Behind the wall wa  a  piral  tairca e that wa  moving  moothly upward, like an e calator. A  he and Profe or McGonagall  tepped onto it, Harry heard the wall thud clo ed behind them. They ro e upward in circle , higher and higher, until at la t,  lightly dizzy, Harry  aw a gleaming oak door ahead, with a bra  knocker in the  hape of a griffin. He knew now where he wa  being taken. Thi  mu t be where Dumbledore lived. HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER TWELVE THE POLYJUICE POTION T hey  tepped off the  tone  tairca e at the top, and Profe or McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened  ilently and they entered. Profe or McGonagall told Harry to wait and left him there, alone. Harry looked around. One thing wa  certain: of all the teacher ’ office  Harry had vi ited  o far thi  year, Dumbledore’  wa  by far the mo t intere ting. If he hadn’t been  cared out of hi  wit  that he wa  about to be thrown out of  chool, he would have been very plea ed to have a chance to look around it. It wa  a large and beautiful circular room, full of funny little noi e . A number of curiou   ilver in trument   tood on  pindle legged table , whirring and emitting little puff  of  moke. The wall  were covered with portrait  of old headma ter  and headmi tre e , all of whom were  noozing gently in their frame . There wa  al o an enormou , claw-footed de k, and,  itting on a  helf behind it, a  habby, tattered wizard’  hat — the Sorting Hat. Harry he itated. He ca t a wary eye around the  leeping witche  and wizard  on the wall . Surely it couldn’t hurt if he took the hat down and tried it on again? Ju t to  ee…ju t to make  ure it had put him in the right Hou e. He walked quietly around the de k, lifted the hat from it   helf, and lowered it  lowly onto hi  head. It wa  much too large and  lipped down over hi  eye , ju t a  it had done the la t time he’d put it on. Harry  tared at the black in ide of the hat, waiting. Then a  mall voice  aid in hi  ear, “Bee in your bonnet, Harry Potter?” “Er, ye ,” Harry muttered. “Er —  orry to bother you — I wanted to a k —” “You’ve been wondering whether I put you in the right Hou e,”  aid the hat  martly. “Ye … you were particularly difficult to place. But I  tand by what I  aid before —” Harry’  heart leapt — “you would have done well in Slytherin —” Harry’   tomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of the hat and pulled it off. It hung limply in hi  hand, grubby and faded. Harry pu hed it back onto it   helf, feeling  ick. “You’re wrong,” he  aid aloud to the  till and  ilent hat. It didn’t move. Harry backed away, watching it. Then a  trange, gagging noi e behind him made him wheel around. He wa n’t alone after all. Standing on a golden perch behind the door wa  a decrepit-looking bird that re embled a half-plucked turkey. Harry  tared at it and the bird looked balefully back, making it  gagging noi e again. Harry thought it looked very ill. It  eye  were dull and, even a  Harry watched, a couple more feather  fell out of it  tail. Harry wa  ju t thinking that all he needed wa  for Dumbledore’  pet bird to die while he wa  alone in the office with it, when the bird bur t into flame . Harry yelled in  hock and backed away into the de k. He looked feveri hly around in ca e there wa  a gla  of water  omewhere but couldn’t  ee one; the bird, meanwhile, had become a fireball; it gave one loud  hriek and next  econd there wa  nothing but a  mouldering pile of a h on the floor. The office door opened. Dumbledore came in, looking very  omber. “Profe or,” Harry ga ped. “Your bird — I couldn’t do anything — he ju t caught fire —” To Harry’  a toni hment, Dumbledore  miled. “About time, too,” he  aid. “He’  been looking dreadful for day ; I’ve been telling him to get a move on.” He chuckled at the  tunned look on Harry’  face. “Fawke  i  a phoenix, Harry. Phoenixe  bur t into flame when it i  time for them to die and are reborn from the a he . Watch him…” Harry looked down in time to  ee a tiny, wrinkled, newborn bird poke it  head out of the a he . It wa  quite a  ugly a  the old one. “It’  a  hame you had to  ee him on a Burning Day,”  aid Dumbledore,  eating him elf behind hi  de k. “He’  really very hand ome mo t of the time, wonderful red and gold plumage. Fa cinating creature , phoenixe . They can carry immen ely heavy load , their tear  have healing power , and they make highly faithful pet .” In the  hock of Fawke  catching fire, Harry had forgotten what he wa  there for, but it all came back to him a  Dumbledore  ettled him elf in the high chair behind the de k and fixed Harry with hi  penetrating, light-blue  tare. Before Dumbledore could  peak another word, however, the door of the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid bur t in, a wild look in hi  eye , hi  balaclava perched on top of hi   haggy black head and the dead roo ter  till  winging from hi  hand. “It wa n’ Harry, Profe or Dumbledore!”  aid Hagrid urgently. “I wa  talkin’ ter him  econd  before that kid wa  found, he never had time,  ir —” Dumbledore tried to  ay  omething, but Hagrid went ranting on, waving the roo ter around in hi  agitation,  ending feather  everywhere. “ it can’t’ve bin him, I’ll  wear it in front o’ the Mini try o’ Magic if I have to.” “Hagrid, I —” “— yeh’ve got the wrong boy,  ir, I know Harry never —” “Hagrid!”  aid Dumbledore loudly. “I do not think that Harry attacked tho e people.” “Oh,”  aid Hagrid, the roo ter falling limply at hi   ide. “Right. I’ll wait out ide then, Headma ter.” And he  tomped out looking embarra ed. “You don’t think it wa  me, Profe or?” Harry repeated hopefully a  Dumbledore bru hed roo ter feather  off hi  de k. “No, Harry, I don’t,”  aid Dumbledore, though hi  face wa   omber again. “But I  till want to talk to you.” Harry waited nervou ly while Dumbledore con idered him, the tip  of hi  long finger  together. “I mu t a k you, Harry, whether there i  anything you’d like to tell me,” he  aid gently. “Anything at all.” Harry didn’t know what to  ay. He thought of Malfoy  houting, “You’ll be next, Mudblood !” and of the Polyjuice Potion  immering away in Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. Then he thought of the di embodied voice he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had  aid: “Hearing voice  no one el e can hear i n’t a good  ign, even in the wizarding world.” He thought, too, about what everyone wa   aying about him, and hi  growing dread that he wa   omehow connected with Salazar Slytherin…. “No,”  aid Harry. “There i n’t anything, Profe or…” The double attack on Ju tin and Nearly Headle  Nick turned what had hitherto been nervou ne  into real panic. Curiou ly, it wa  Nearly Headle  Nick’  fate that  eemed to worry people mo t. What could po ibly do that to a gho t? people a ked each other; what terrible power could harm  omeone who wa  already dead? There wa  almo t a  tampede to book  eat  on the Hogwart  Expre   o that  tudent  could go home for Chri tma . “At thi  rate, we’ll be the only one  left,” Ron told Harry and Hermione. “U , Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. What a jolly holiday it’  going to be.” Crabbe and Goyle, who alway  did whatever Malfoy did, had  igned up to  tay over the holiday , too. But Harry wa  glad that mo t people were leaving. He wa  tired of people  kirting around him in the corridor , a  though he wa  about to  prout fang  or  pit poi on; tired of all the muttering, pointing, and hi ing a  he pa ed. Fred and George, however, found all thi  very funny. They went out of their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridor ,  houting, “Make way for the Heir of Slytherin,  eriou ly evil wizard coming through…” Percy wa  deeply di approving of thi  behavior. “It i  not a laughing matter,” he  aid coldly. “Oh, get out of the way, Percy,”  aid Fred. “Harry’  in a hurry.” “Yeah, he’  off to the Chamber of Secret  for a cup of tea with hi  fanged  ervant,”  aid George, chortling. Ginny didn’t find it amu ing either. “Oh, don’t,”  he wailed every time Fred a ked Harry loudly who he wa  planning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry off with a large clove of garlic when they met. Harry didn’t mind; it made him feel better that Fred and George, at lea t, thought the idea of hi  being Slytherin’  heir wa  quite ludicrou . But their antic   eemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked increa ingly  our each time he  aw them at it. “It’  becau e he’  bur ting to  ay it’  really him,”  aid Ron knowingly. “You know how he hate  anyone beating him at anything, and you’re getting all the credit for hi  dirty work.” “Not for long,”  aid Hermione in a  ati fied tone. “The Polyjuice Potion’  nearly ready. We’ll be getting the truth out of him any day now.” At la t the term ended, and a  ilence deep a  the  now on the ground  de cended on the ca tle. Harry found it peaceful, rather than gloomy, and enjoyed the fact that he, Hermione, and the Wea ley  had the run of Gryffindor Tower, which meant they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and practice dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny had cho en to  tay at  chool rather than vi it Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mr . Wea ley. Percy, who di approved of what he termed their childi h behavior, didn’t  pend much time in the Gryffindor common room. He had already told them pompou ly that he wa  only  taying over Chri tma  becau e it wa  hi  duty a  a prefect to  upport the teacher  during thi  troubled time. Chri tma  morning dawned, cold and white. Harry and Ron, the only one  left in their dormitory, were woken very early by Hermione, who bur t in, fully dre ed and carrying pre ent  for them both. “Wake up,”  he  aid loudly, pulling back the curtain  at the window. “Hermione — you’re not  uppo ed to be in here —”  aid Ron,  hielding hi  eye  again t the light. “Merry Chri tma  to you, too,”  aid Hermione, throwing him hi  pre ent. “I’ve been up for nearly an hour, adding more lacewing  to the potion. It’  ready.” Harry  at up,  uddenly wide awake. “Are you  ure?” “Po itive,”  aid Hermione,  hifting Scabber  the rat  o that  he could  it down on the end of Ron’  four-po ter. “If we’re going to do it, I  ay it  hould be tonight.” At that moment, Hedwig  wooped into the room, carrying a very  mall package in her beak. “Hello,”  aid Harry happily a   he landed on hi  bed. “Are you  peaking to me again?” She nibbled hi  ear in an affectionate  ort of way, which wa  a far better pre ent than the one that  he had brought him, which turned out to be from the Dur ley . They had  ent Harry a toothpick and a note telling him to find out whether he’d be able to  tay at Hogwart  for the  ummer vacation, too. The re t of Harry’  Chri tma  pre ent  were far more  ati factory. Hagrid had  ent him a large tin of treacle fudge, which Harry decided to  often by the fire before eating; Ron had given him a book called Flying with the Cannon , a book of intere ting fact  about hi  favorite Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought him a luxuriou  eagle-feather quill. Harry opened the la t pre ent to find a new, hand-knitted  weater from Mr . Wea ley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fre h  urge of guilt, thinking about Mr. Wea ley’  car (which hadn’t been  een  ince it  cra h with the Whomping Willow), and the bout of rule-breaking he and Ron were planning next. No one, not even  omeone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later, could fail to enjoy Chri tma  dinner at Hogwart . The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen fro t-covered Chri tma  tree  and thick  treamer  of holly and mi tletoe cri cro ing the ceiling, but enchanted  now wa  falling, warm and dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of hi  favorite carol , Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every goblet of eggnog he con umed. Percy, who hadn’t noticed that Fred had bewitched hi  prefect badge  o that it now read “Pinhead,” kept a king them all what they were  niggering at. Harry didn’t even care that Draco Malfoy wa  making loud,  nide remark about hi  new  weater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck, Malfoy would be getting hi  comeuppance in a few hour ’ time. Harry and Ron had barely fini hed their third helping  of Chri tma  pudding when Hermione u hered them out of the hall to finalize their plan  for the evening. “We  till need a bit of the people you’re changing into,”  aid Hermione matter-of-factly, a  though  he were  ending them to the  upermarket for laundry detergent. “And obviou ly, it’ll be be t if you can get  omething of Crabbe’  and Goyle’ ; they’re Malfoy  be t friend , he’ll tell them anything. And we al o need to make  ure the real Crabbe and Goyle can’t bur t in on u  while we’re interrogating him. “I’ve got it all worked out,”  he went on  moothly, ignoring Harry’  and Ron’   tupefied face . She held up two plump chocolate cake . “I’ve filled the e with a  imple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do i  make  ure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they are, they’re bound to eat them. Once they’re a leep, pull out a few of their hair  and hide them in a broom clo et.” Harry and Ron looked incredulou ly at each other. “Hermione, I don’t think —” “That could go  eriou ly wrong —” But Hermione had a  teely glint in her eye not unlike the one Profe or McGonagall  ometime  had. “The potion will be u ele  without Crabbe’  and Goyle’  hair,”  he  aid  ternly. “You do want to inve tigate Malfoy, don’t you?” “Oh, all right, all right,”  aid Harry. “But what about you? Who e hair are you ripping out?” “I’ve already got mine!”  aid Hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and  howing them the  ingle hair in ide it. “Remember Millicent Bul trode wre tling with me at the Dueling Club? She left thi  on my robe  when  he wa  trying to  trangle me! And  he’  gone home for Chri tma  —  o I’ll ju t have to tell the Slytherin  I’ve decided to come back.” When Hermione had bu tled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion again, Ron turned to Harry with a doom-laden expre ion. “Have you ever heard of a plan where  o many thing  could go wrong?” But to Harry’  and Ron’  utter amazement,  tage one of the operation went ju t a   moothly a  Hermione had  aid. They lurked in the de erted entrance hall after Chri tma  tea, waiting for Crabbe and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table,  hoveling down fourth helping  of trifle. Harry had perched the chocolate cake  on the end of the bani ter . When they  potted Crabbe and Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly behind a  uit of armor next to the front door. “How thick can you get?” Ron whi pered ec tatically a  Crabbe gleefully pointed out the cake  to Goyle and grabbed them. Grinning  tupidly, they  tuffed the cake  whole into their large mouth . For a moment, both of them chewed greedily, look  of triumph on their face . Then, without the  malle t change of expre ion, they both keeled over backward onto the floor. By far the harde t part wa  hiding them in the clo et acro  the hall. Once they were  afely  towed among the bucket  and mop , Harry yanked out a couple of the bri tle  that covered Goyle’  forehead and Ron pulled out  everal of Crabbe’  hair . They al o  tole their  hoe , becau e their own were far too  mall for Crabbe- and Goyle- ize feet. Then,  till  tunned at what they had ju t done, they  printed up to Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. They could hardly  ee for the thick black  moke i uing from the  tall in which Hermione wa   tirring the cauldron. Pulling their robe  up over their face , Harry and Ron knocked  oftly on the door. “Hermione?” They heard the  crape of the lock and Hermione emerged,  hiny-faced and looking anxiou . Behind her they heard the gloop gloop of the bubbling, glutinou  potion. Three gla  tumbler   tood ready on the toilet  eat. “Did you get them?” Hermione a ked breathle ly. Harry  howed her Goyle’  hair. “Good. And I  neaked the e  pare robe  out of the laundry,” Hermione  aid, holding up a  mall  ack. “You’ll need bigger  ize  once you’re Crabbe and Goyle.” The three of them  tared into the cauldron. Clo e up, the potion looked like thick, dark mud, bubbling  luggi hly. “I’m  ure I’ve done everything right,”  aid Hermione, nervou ly rereading the  plotched page of Mo te Potente Potion . “It look  like the book  ay  it  hould … once we’ve drunk it, we’ll have exactly an hour before we change back into our elve .” “Now what?” Ron whi pered. “We  eparate it into three gla e  and add the hair .” Hermione ladled large dollop  of the potion into each of the gla e . Then, her hand trembling,  he  hook Millicent Bul trode’  hair out of it  bottle into the fir t gla . The potion hi ed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A  econd later, it had turned a  ick  ort of yellow. “Urgh — e ence of Millicent Bul trode,”  aid Ron, eyeing it with loathing. “Bet it ta te  di gu ting.” “Add your , then,”  aid Hermione. Harry dropped Goyle’  hair into the middle gla  and Ron put Crabbe’  into the la t one. Both gla e  hi ed and frothed: Goyle’  turned the khaki color of a booger, Crabbe’  a dark, murky brown. “Hang on,”  aid Harry a  Ron and Hermione reached for their gla e . “We’d better not all drink them in here …. Once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we won’t fit. And Millicent Bul trode’  no pixie.” “Good thinking,”  aid Ron, unlocking the door. “We’ll take  eparate  tall .” Careful not to  pill a drop of hi  Polyjuice Potion, Harry  lipped into the middle  tall. “Ready?” he called. “Ready,” came Ron’  and Hermione’  voice . “One — two — three —” Pinching hi  no e, Harry drank the potion down in two large gulp . It ta ted like overcooked cabbage. Immediately, hi  in ide   tarted writhing a  though he’d ju t  wallowed live  nake  — doubled up, he wondered whether he wa  going to be  ick — then a burning  en ation  pread rapidly from hi   tomach to the very end  of hi  finger  and toe  — next, bringing him ga ping to all four , came a horrible melting feeling, a  the  kin all over hi  body bubbled like hot wax — and before hi  eye , hi  hand  began to grow, the finger  thickened, the nail  broadened, the knuckle  were bulging like bolt  — hi   houlder   tretched painfully and a prickling on hi  forehead told him that hair wa  creeping down toward hi  eyebrow  — hi  robe  ripped a  hi  che t expanded like a barrel bur ting it  hoop  — hi  feet were agony in  hoe  four  ize  too  mall. A   uddenly a  it had  tarted, everything  topped. Harry lay facedown on the  tone-cold floor, li tening to Myrtle gurgling moro ely in the end toilet. With difficulty, he kicked off hi   hoe  and  tood up. So thi  wa  what it felt like, being Goyle. Hi  large hand trembling, he pulled off hi  old robe , which were hanging a foot above hi  ankle , pulled on the  pare one , and laced up Goyle’  boatlike  hoe . He reached up to bru h hi  hair out of hi  eye  and met only the  hort growth of wiry bri tle , low on hi  forehead. Then he realized that hi  gla e  were clouding hi  eye  becau e Goyle obviou ly didn’t need them — he took them off and called, “Are you two okay?” Goyle’  low ra p of a voice i ued from hi  mouth. “Yeah,” came the deep grunt of Crabbe from hi  right. Harry unlocked hi  door and  tepped in front of the cracked mirror. Goyle  tared back at him out of dull, deep et eye . Harry  cratched hi  ear. So did Goyle. Ron’  door opened. They  tared at each other. Except that he looked pale and  hocked, Ron wa  indi tingui hable from Crabbe, from the pudding-bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arm . “Thi  i  unbelievable,”  aid Ron, approaching the mirror and prodding Crabbe’  flat no e. “Unbelievable.” “We’d better get going,”  aid Harry, loo ening the watch that wa  cutting into Goyle’  thick wri t. “We’ve  till got to find out where the Slytherin common room i . I only hope we can find  omeone to follow…” Ron, who had been gazing at Harry,  aid, “You don’t know how bizarre it i  to  ee Goyle thinking.” He banged on Hermione’  door. “C’mon, we need to go —” A high-pitched voice an wered him. “I — I don’t think I’m going to come after all. You go on without me.” “Hermione, we know Millicent Bul trode’  ugly, no one’  going to know it’  you —” “No — really — I don’t think I’ll come. You two hurry up, you’re wa ting time —” Harry looked at Ron, bewildered. “That look  more like Goyle,”  aid Ron. “That’  how he look  every time a teacher a k  him a que tion.” “Hermione, are you okay?”  aid Harry through the door. “Fine — I’m fine — go on —” Harry looked at hi  watch. Five of their preciou   ixty minute  had already pa ed. “We’ll meet you back here, all right?” he  aid. Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully, checked that the coa t wa  clear, and  et off. “Don’t  wing your arm  like that,” Harry muttered to Ron. “Eh?” “Crabbe hold  them  ort of  tiff…” “How’  thi ?” “Yeah, that’  better…” They went down the marble  tairca e. All they needed now wa  a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room, but there wa  nobody around. “Any idea ?” muttered Harry. “The Slytherin  alway  come up to breakfa t from over there,”  aid Ron, nodding at the entrance to the dungeon . The word  had barely left hi  mouth when a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the entrance. “Excu e me,”  aid Ron, hurrying up to her. “We’ve forgotten the way to our common room.” “I beg your pardon?”  aid the girl  tiffly. “Our common room? I’m a Ravenclaw.” She walked away, looking  u piciou ly back at them. Harry and Ron hurried down the  tone  tep  into the darkne , their foot tep  echoing particularly loudly a  Crabbe’  and Goyle’  huge feet hit the floor, feeling that thi  wa n’t going to be a  ea y a  they had hoped. The labyrinthine pa age  were de erted. They walked deeper and deeper under the  chool, con tantly checking their watche  to  ee how much time they had left. After a quarter of an hour, ju t when they were getting de perate, they heard a  udden movement ahead. “Ha!”  aid Ron excitedly. “There’  one of them now!” The figure wa  emerging from a  ide room. A  they hurried nearer, however, their heart   ank. It wa n’t a Slytherin, it wa  Percy. “What’re you doing down here?”  aid Ron in  urpri e. Percy looked affronted. “That,” he  aid  tiffly, “i  none of your bu ine . It’  Crabbe, i n’t it?” “Wh — oh, yeah,”  aid Ron. “Well, get off to your dormitorie ,”  aid Percy  ternly. “It’  not  afe to go wandering around dark corridor  the e day .” “You are,” Ron pointed out. “I,”  aid Percy, drawing him elf up, “am a prefect. Nothing’  about to attack me.” A voice  uddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy wa   trolling toward them, and for the fir t time in hi  life, Harry wa  plea ed to  ee him. “There you are,” he drawled, looking at them. “Have you two been pigging out in the Great Hall all thi  time? I’ve been looking for you; I want to  how you  omething really funny.” Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy. “And what’re you doing down here, Wea ley?” he  neered. Percy looked outraged. “You want to  how a bit more re pect to a  chool prefect!” he  aid. “I don’t like your attitude!” Malfoy  neered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow him. Harry almo t  aid  omething apologetic to Percy but caught him elf ju t in time. He and Ron hurried after Malfoy, who  aid a  they turned into the next pa age, “That Peter Wea ley —” “Percy,” Ron corrected him automatically. “Whatever,”  aid Malfoy. “I’ve noticed him  neaking around a lot lately. And I bet I know what he’  up to. He think  he’  going to catch Slytherin’  heir  ingle-handed.” He gave a  hort, deri ive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged excited look . Malfoy pau ed by a  tretch of bare, damp  tone wall. “What’  the new pa word again?” he  aid to Harry. “Er —”  aid Harry. “Oh, yeah — pure-blood!”  aid Malfoy, not li tening, and a  tone door concealed in the wall  lid open. Malfoy marched through it, and Harry and Ron followed him. The Slytherin common room wa  a long, low underground room with rough  tone wall  and ceiling from which round, greeni h lamp  were hanging on chain . A fire wa  crackling under an elaborately carved mantelpiece ahead of them, and  everal Slytherin  were  ilhouetted around it in high-backed chair . “Wait here,”  aid Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning them to a pair of empty chair   et back from the fire. “I’ll go and get it my father’  ju t  ent it to me —” Wondering what Malfoy wa  going to  how them, Harry and Ron  at down, doing their be t to look at home. Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked like a new paper clipping. He thru t it under Ron’  no e. “That’ll give you a laugh,” he  aid. Harry  aw Ron’  eye  widen in  hock. He read the clipping quickly, gave a very forced laugh, and handed it to Harry. It had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet, and it  aid: INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Arthur Wea ley, Head of the Mi u e of Muggle Artifact  Office, wa  today fined fifty Galleon  for bewitching a Muggle car. Mr. Luciu  Malfoy, a governor of Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where the enchanted car cra hed earlier thi  year, called today for Mr. Wea ley’  re ignation. “Wea ley ha  brought the Mini try into di repute,” Mr. Malfoy told our reporter. “He i  clearly unfit to draw up our law  and hi  ridiculou  Muggle Protection Act  hould be  crapped immediately.” Mr. Wea ley wa  unavailable for comment, although hi  wife told reporter  to clear off or  he’d  et the family ghoul on them. “Well?”  aid Malfoy impatiently a  Harry handed the clipping back to him. “Don’t you think it’  funny?” “Ha, ha,”  aid Harry bleakly. “Arthur Wea ley love  Muggle   o much he  hould  nap hi  wand in half and go and join them,”  aid Malfoy  cornfully. “You’d never know the Wea ley  were pure-blood , the way they behave.” Ron’  — or rather, Crabbe’  — face wa  contorted with fury. “What’  up with you, Crabbe?”  napped Malfoy. “Stomachache,” Ron grunted. “Well, go up to the ho pital wing and give all tho e Mudblood  a kick from me,”  aid Malfoy,  nickering. “You know, I’m  urpri ed the Daily Prophet ha n’t reported all the e attack  yet,” he went on thoughtfully. “I  uppo e Dumbledore’  trying to hu h it all up. He’ll be  acked if it doe n’t  top  oon. Father’  alway   aid old Dumbledore’  the wor t thing that’  ever happened to thi  place. He love  Muggle-born . A decent headma ter would never’ve let  lime like that Creevey in.” Malfoy  tarted taking picture  with an imaginary camera and did a cruel but accurate impre ion of Colin: “`Potter, can I have your picture, Potter? Can I have your autograph? Can I lick your  hoe , plea e, Potter?”’ He dropped hi  hand  and looked at Harry and Ron. “What’  the matter with you two?” Far too late, Harry and Ron forced them elve  to laugh, but Malfoy  eemed  ati fied; perhap  Crabbe and Goyle were alway   low on the uptake. “Saint Potter, the Mudblood ’ friend,”  aid Malfoy  lowly. “He’  another one with no proper wizard feeling, or he wouldn’t go around with that jumped up Granger Mudblood. And people think he’  Slytherin’  heir!” Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy wa   urely  econd  away from telling them it wa  him — but then “I wi h I knew who it i ,”  aid Malfoy petulantly. “I could help them.” Ron’  jaw dropped  o that Crabbe looked even more cluele  than u ual. Fortunately, Malfoy didn’t notice, and Harry, thinking fa t,  aid, “You mu t have  ome idea who’  behind it all…” “You know I haven’t, Goyle, how many time  do I have to tell you?”  napped Malfoy. “And Father won’t tell me anything about the la t time the Chamber wa  opened either. Of cour e, it wa  fifty year  ago,  o it wa  before hi  time, but he know  all about it, and he  ay  that it wa  all kept quiet and it’ll look  u piciou  if I know too much about it. But I know one thing — la t time the Chamber of Secret  wa  opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet it’  a matter of time before one of them’  killed thi  time…I hope it’  Granger,” he  aid with reli h. Ron wa  clenching Crabbe’  gigantic fi t . Feeling that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry  hot him a warning look and  aid, “D’you know if the per on who opened the Chamber la t time wa  caught?” “Oh, yeah…whoever it wa  wa  expelled,”  aid Malfoy. “They’re probably  till in Azkaban.” “Azkaban?”  aid Harry, puzzled. “Azkaban — the wizard pri on, Goyle,”  aid Malfoy, looking at him in di belief “Hone tly, if you were any  lower, you’d be going backward.” He  hifted re tle ly in hi  chair and  aid, “Father  ay  to keep my head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it. He  ay  the  chool need  ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed up in it. Of cour e, he’  got a lot on hi  plate at the moment. You know the Mini try of Magic raided our manor la t week?” Harry tried to force Goyle’  dull face into a look of concern. “Yeah…”  aid Malfoy. “Luckily, they didn’t find much. Father’  got  ome very valuable Dark Art   tuff. But luckily, we’ve got our own  ecret chamber under the drawing-room floor —” “Ho!”  aid Ron. Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blu hed. Even hi  hair wa  turning red. Hi  no e wa  al o  lowly lengthening — their hour wa  up, Ron wa  turning back into him elf, and from the look of horror he wa   uddenly giving Harry, he mu t be, too. They both jumped to their feet. “Medicine for my  tomach,” Ron grunted, and without further ado they  printed the length of the Slytherin common room, hurled them elve  at the  tone wall, and da hed up the pa age, hoping again t hope that Malfoy hadn’t noticed anything. Harry could feel hi  feet  lipping around in Goyle’  huge  hoe  and had to hoi t up hi  robe  a  he  hrank; they cra hed up the  tep  into the dark entrance hall, which wa  full of a muffled pounding coming from the clo et where they’d locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their  hoe  out ide the clo et door, they  printed in their  ock  up the marble  tairca e toward Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. “Well, it wa n’t a complete wa te of time,” Ron panted, clo ing the bathroom door behind them. “I know we  till haven’t found out who’  doing the attack , but I’m going to write to Dad tomorrow and tell him to check under the Malfoy ’ drawing room.” Harry checked hi  face in the cracked mirror. He wa  back to normal. He put hi  gla e  on a  Ron hammered on the door of Hermione’   tall. “Hermione, come out, we’ve got load  to tell you —” “Go away!” Hermione  queaked. Harry and Ron looked at each other. “What’  the matter?”  aid Ron. “You mu t be back to normal by now, we are.” But Moaning Myrtle glided  uddenly through the  tall door. Harry had never  een her looking  o happy. “Ooooooh, wait till you  ee,”  he  aid. “It’  awful —” They heard the lock  lide back and Hermione emerged,  obbing, her robe  pulled up over her head. “What’  up?”  aid Ron uncertainly. “Have you  till got Millicent’  no e or  omething?” Hermione let her robe  fall and Ron backed into the  ink. Her face wa  covered in black fur. Her eye  had turned yellow and there were long, pointed ear  poking through her hair. “It wa  a c-cat hair!”  he howled. “M-Millicent Bul trode m-mu t have a cat! And the p-potion i n’t  uppo ed to be u ed for animal tran formation !” “Uh-oh,”  aid Ron. “You’ll be tea ed  omething dreadful,”  aid Myrtle happily. “It’  okay, Hermione,”  aid Harry quickly. “We’ll take you up to the ho pital wing. Madam Pomfrey never a k  too many que tion …” It took a long time to per uade Hermione to leave the bathroom. Moaning Myrtle  ped them on their way with a hearty guffaw. “Wait till everyone find  out you’ve got a tail!” HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER THIRTEEN THE VERY SECRET DIARY Hermione remained in the ho pital wing for  everal week . There wa  a flurry of rumor about her di appearance when the re t of the  chool arrived back from their Chri tma  holiday , becau e of cour e everyone thought that  he had been attacked. So many  tudent  filed pa t the ho pital wing trying to catch a glimp e of her that Madam Pomfrey took out her curtain  again and placed them around Hermione’  bed, to  pare her the  hame of being  een with a furry face. Harry and Ron went to vi it her every evening. When the new term  tarted, they brought her each day’  homework. “If I’d  prouted whi ker , I’d take a break from work,”  aid Ron, tipping a  tack of book  onto Hermione’  bed ide table one evening. “Don’t be  illy, Ron, I’ve got to keep up,”  aid Hermione bri kly. Her  pirit  were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had gone from her face and her eye  were turning  lowly back to brown. “I don’t  uppo e you’ve got any new lead ?”  he added in a whi per,  o that Madam Pomfrey couldn’t hear her. “Nothing,”  aid Harry gloomily. “I wa   o  ure it wa  Malfoy,”  aid Ron, for about the hundredth time. “What’  that?” a ked Harry, pointing to  omething gold  ticking out from under Hermione’  pillow. “Ju t a get well card,”  aid Hermione ha tily, trying to poke it out of  ight, but Ron wa  too quick for her. He pulled it out, flicked it open, and read aloud: “To Mi  Granger, wi hing you a  peedy recovery, from your concerned teacher, Profe or Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Cla , Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defen e League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly’  Mo t Charming Smile Award.” Ron looked up at Hermione, di gu ted. “You  leep with thi  under your pillow?” But Hermione wa   pared an wering by Madam Pomfrey  weeping over with her evening do e of medicine. “I  Lockhart the  marmie t bloke you’ve ever met, or what?” Ron  aid to Harry a  they left the infirmary and  tarted up the  tair  toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given them  o much homework, Harry thought he wa  likely to be in the  ixth year before he fini hed it. Ron wa  ju t  aying he wi hed he had a ked Hermione how many rat tail  you were  uppo ed to add to a Hair Rai ing Potion when an angry outbur t from the floor above reached their ear . “That’  Filch,” Harry muttered a  they hurried up the  tair  and pau ed, out of  ight, li tening hard. “You don’t think  omeone el e’  been attacked?”  aid Ron ten ely. They  tood  till, their head  inclined toward Flich’  voice, which  ounded quite hy terical. “even more work for me! Mopping all night, like I haven’t got enough to do! No, thi  i  the final  traw, I’m going to Dumbledore —” Hi  foot tep  receded along the out-of- ight corridor and they heard a di tant door  lam. They poked their head  around the corner. Filch had clearly been manning hi  u ual lookout po t: They were once again on the  pot where Mr . Norri  had been attacked. They  aw at a glance what Filch had been  houting about. A great flood of water  tretched over half the corridor, and it looked a  though it wa   till  eeping from under the door of Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. Now that Filch had  topped  houting, they could hear Myrtle’  wail  echoing off the bathroom wall . “Now what’  up with her?”  aid Ron. “Let’  go and  ee,”  aid Harry, and holding their robe  over their ankle  they  tepped through the great wa h of water to the door bearing it  OUT OF ORDER  ign, ignored it a  alway , and entered. Moaning Myrtle wa  crying, if po ible, louder and harder than ever before. She  eemed to be hiding down her u ual toilet. It wa  dark in the bathroom becau e the candle  had been extingui hed in the great ru h of water that had left both wall  and floor  oaking wet. “What’  up, Myrtle?”  aid Harry. “Who’  that?” glugged Myrtle mi erably. “Come to throw  omething el e at me?” Harry waded acro  to her  tall and  aid, “Why would I throw  omething at you?” “Don’t a k me,” Myrtle  houted, emerging with a wave of yet more water, which  pla hed onto the already  opping floor. “Here I am, minding my own bu ine , and  omeone think  it’  funny to throw a book at me…” “But it can’t hurt you if  omeone throw   omething at you,”  aid Harry, rea onably. “I mean, it’d ju t go right through you, wouldn’t it?” He had  aid the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed her elf up and  hrieked, “Let’  all throw book  at Myrtle, becau e  he can’t feel it! Ten point  if you can get it through her  tomach! Fifty point  if it goe  through her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I don’t think!” “Who threw it at you, anyway?” a ked Harry. “I don’t know… I wa  ju t  itting in the U-bend, thinking about death, and it fell right through the top of my head,”  aid Myrtle, glaring at them. “It’  over there, it got wa hed out…” Harry and Ron looked under the  ink where Myrtle wa  pointing. A  mall, thin book lay there. It had a  habby black cover and wa  a  wet a  everything el e in the bathroom. Harry  tepped forward to pick it up, but Ron  uddenly flung out an arm to hold him back. “What?”  aid Harry. “Are you crazy?”  aid Ron. “It could be dangerou .” “Dangerou ?” aid Harry, laughing. “Come off it, how could it be dangerou ?” “You’d be  urpri ed,”  aid Ron, who wa  looking apprehen ively at the book. “Some of the book  the Mini try’  confi cated Dad’  told me — there wa  one that burned your eye  out. And everyone who read Sonnet  of a Sorcerer  poke in limerick  for the re t of their live . And  ome old witch in Bath had a book that you could never  top reading! You ju t had to wander around with your no e in it, trying to do everything one-handed. And —” “All right, I’ve got the point,”  aid Harry. The little book lay on the floor, nonde cript and  oggy. “Well, we won’t find out unle  we look at it,” he  aid, and he ducked around Ron and picked it up off the floor. Harry  aw at once that it wa  a diary, and the faded year on the cover told him it wa  fifty year  old. He opened it eagerly. On the fir t page he could ju t make out the name “T M. Riddle” in  mudged ink. “Hang on,”  aid Ron, who had approached cautiou ly and wa  looking over Harry’   houlder. “I know that name…T. M. Riddle got an award for  pecial  ervice  to the  chool fifty year  ago.” “How on earth d’you know that?”  aid Harry in amazement. “Becau e Filch made me poli h hi   hield about fifty time  in detention,”  aid Ron re entfully. “That wa  the one I burped  lug  all over. If you’d wiped  lime off a name for an hour, you’d remember it, too.” Harry peeled the wet page  apart. They were completely blank. There wa n’t the fainte t trace of writing on any of them, not even Auntie Mabel’  birthday, or denti t, half-pa t three. “He never wrote in it,”  aid Harry, di appointed. “I wonder why  omeone wanted to flu h it away?”  aid Ron curiou ly. Harry turned to the back cover of the book and  aw the printed name of a variety  tore on Vauxhall Road, London. “He mu t’ve been Muggle-born,”  aid Harry thoughtfully. “To have bought a diary from Vauxhall Road…” “Well, it’  not much u e to you,”  aid Ron. He dropped hi  voice. “Fifty point  if you can get it through Myrtle’  no e.” Harry, however, pocketed it. Hermione left the ho pital wing, de-whi kered, tail-le , and furfree, at the beginning of February. On her fir t evening back in Gryffindor Tower, Harry  howed her T. M. Riddle’  diary and told her the  tory of how they had found it. “Oooh, it might have hidden power ,”  aid Hermione enthu ia tically, taking the diary and looking at it clo ely. “If it ha , it’  hiding them very well,”  aid Ron. “Maybe it’   hy. I don’t know why you don’t chuck it, Harry.” “I wi h I knew why  omeone did try to chuck it,”  aid Harry. “I wouldn’t mind knowing how Riddle got an award for  pecial  ervice  to Hogwart  either.” “Could’ve been anything,”  aid Ron. “Maybe he got thirty O.W.L.  or  aved a teacher from the giant  quid. Maybe he murdered Myrtle; that would’ve done everyone a favor …” But Harry could tell from the arre ted look on Hermione’  face that  he wa  thinking what he wa  thinking. “What?”  aid Ron, looking from one to the other. “Well, the Chamber of Secret  wa  opened fifty year  ago, wa n’t it?” he  aid. “That’  what Malfoy  aid.” “Yeah…”  aid Ron  lowly. “And thi  diary i  fifty year  old,”  aid Hermione, tapping it excitedly. “So?” “Oh, Ron, wake up,”  napped Hermione. “We know the per on who opened the Chamber la t time wa  expelled fifty year  ago. We know T. M. Riddle got an award for  pecial  ervice  to the  chool fifty year  ago. Well, what if Riddle got hi   pecial award for catching the Heir of Slytherin? Hi  diary would probably tell u  everything — where the Chamber i , and how to open it, and what  ort of creature live  in it — the per on who’  behind the attack  thi  time wouldn’t want that lying around, would they?” “That’  a brilliant theory, Hermione,”  aid Ron, “with ju t one tiny little flaw. There’  nothing written in hi  diary.” But Hermione wa  pulling her wand out of her bag. “It might be invi ible ink!”  he whi pered. She tapped the diary three time  and  aid, “Aparecium!” Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione  hoved her hand back into her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red era er. “It’  a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley,”  he  aid. She rubbed hard on January fir t. Nothing happened. “I’m telling you, there’  nothing to find in there,”  aid Ron. “Riddle ju t got a diary for Chri tma  and couldn’t be bothered filling it in.” Harry couldn’t explain, even to him elf, why he didn’t ju t throw Riddle’  diary away. The fact wa  that even though he knew the diary wa  blank, he kept ab entmindedly picking it up and turning the page , a  though it were a  tory he wanted to fini h. And while Harry wa   ure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, it  till  eemed to mean  omething to him, almo t a  though Riddle wa  a friend he’d had when he wa  very  mall, and had half-forgotten. But thi  wa  ab urd. He’d never had friend  before Hogwart , Dudley had made  ure of that. Neverthele , Harry wa  determined to find out more about Riddle,  o next day at break, he headed for the trophy room to examine Riddle’   pecial award, accompanied by an intere ted Hermione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them he’d  een enough of the trophy room to la t him a lifetime. Riddle’  burni hed gold  hield wa  tucked away in a corner cabinet. It didn’t carry detail  of why it had been given to him (“Good thing, too, or it’d be even bigger and I’d  till be poli hing it,”  aid Ron). However, they did find Riddle’  name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on a li t of old Head Boy . “He  ound  like Percy,”  aid Ron, wrinkling hi  no e in di gu t. “Prefect, Head Boy …probably top of every cla  —” “You  ay that like it’  a bad thing,”  aid Hermione in a  lightly hurt voice. The  un had now begun to  hine weakly on Hogwart  again. In ide the ca tle, the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no more attack   ince tho e on Ju tin and Nearly Headle  Nick, and Madam Pomfrey wa  plea ed to report that the Mandrake  were becoming moody and  ecretive, meaning that they were fa t leaving childhood. “The moment their acne clear  up, they’ll be ready for repotting again,” Harry heard her telling Filch kindly one afternoon. “And after that, it won’t be long until we’re cutting them up and  tewing them. You’ll have Mr . Norri  back in no time.” Perhap  the Heir of Slytherin had lo t hi  or her nerve, thought Harry. It mu t be getting ri kier and ri kier to open the Chamber of Secret , with the  chool  o alert and  u piciou . Perhap  the mon ter, whatever it wa , wa  even now  ettling it elf down to hibernate for another fifty year …. Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didn’t take thi  cheerful view. He wa   till convinced that Harry wa  the guilty one, that he had “given him elf away” at the Dueling Club. Peeve  wa n’t helping matter ; he kept popping up in the crowded corridor   inging “Oh, Potter, you rotter…” now with a dance routine to match. Gilderoy Lockhart  eemed to think he him elf had made the attack   top. Harry overheard him telling Profe or McGonagall  o while the Gryffindor  were lining up for Tran figuration. “I don’t think there’ll be any more trouble, Minerva,” he  aid, tapping hi  no e knowingly and winking. “I think the Chamber ha  been locked for good thi  time. The culprit mu t have known it wa  only a matter of time before I caught him. Rather  en ible to  top now, before I came down hard on him. “You know, what the  chool need  now i  a morale-boo ter. Wa h away the memorie  of la t term! I won’t  ay any more ju t now, but I think I know ju t the thing…” He tapped hi  no e again and  trode off. Lockhart’  idea of a morale-boo ter became clear at breakfa t time on February fourteenth. Harry hadn’t had much  leep becau e of a late-running Quidditch practice the night before, and he hurried down to the Great Hall,  lightly late. He thought, for a moment, that he’d walked through the wrong door . The wall  were all covered with large, lurid pink flower . Wor e  till, heart- haped confetti wa  falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harry went over to the Gryffindor table, where Ron wa   itting looking  ickened, and Hermione  eemed to have been overcome with giggle . “What’  going on?” Harry a ked them,  itting down and wiping confetti off hi  bacon. Ron pointed to the teacher ’ table, apparently too di gu ted to  peak. Lockhart, wearing lurid pink robe  to match the decoration , wa  waving for  ilence. The teacher  on either  ide of him were looking  tony-faced. From where he  at, Harry could  ee a mu cle going in Profe or McGonagall’  cheek. Snape looked a  though  omeone had ju t fed him a large beaker of Skele-Gro. “Happy Valentine’  Day!” Lockhart  houted. “And may I thank the forty- ix people who have  o far  ent me card ! Ye , I have taken the liberty of arranging thi  little  urpri e for you all — and it doe n’t end here!” Lockhart clapped hi  hand  and through the door  to the entrance hall marched a dozen  urly-looking dwarf . Not ju t any dwarf , however. Lockhart had them all wearing golden wing  and carrying harp . “My friendly, card-carrying cupid !” beamed Lockhart. “They will be roving around the  chool today delivering your valentine ! And the fun doe n’t  top here! I’m  ure my colleague  will want to enter into the  pirit of the occa ion! Why not a k Profe or Snape to  how you how to whip up a Love Potion! And while you’re at it, Profe or Flitwick know  more about Entrancing Enchantment  than any wizard I’ve ever met, the  ly old dog!” Profe or Flitwick buried hi  face in hi  hand . Snape wa  looking a  though the fir t per on to a k him for a Love Potion would be force-fed poi on. “Plea e, Hermione, tell me you weren’t one of the forty- ix,  aid Ron a  they left the Great Hall for their fir t le on. Hermione  uddenly became very intere ted in  earching her bag for her  chedule and didn’t an wer. All day long, the dwarf  kept barging into their cla e  to deliver valentine , to the annoyance of the teacher , and late that afternoon a  the Gryffindor  were walking up tair  for Charm , one of the dwarf  caught up with Harry. “Oy, you! ‘Arry Potter!”  houted a particularly grim-looking dwarf, elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry. Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line of fir t year , which happened to include Ginny Wea ley, Harry tried to e cape. The dwarf, however, cut hi  way through the crowd by kicking people’   hin , and reached him before he’d gone two pace . “I’ve got a mu ical me age to deliver to ‘Arry Potter in per on,” he  aid, twanging hi  harp in a threatening  ort of way. “Not here,” Harry hi ed, trying to e cape. “Stay  till!” grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of Harry’  bag and pulling him back. “Let me go!” Harry  narled, tugging. With a loud ripping noi e, hi  bag  plit in two. Hi  book , wand, parchment, and quill  pilled onto the floor and hi  ink bottle  ma hed over everything. Harry  crambled around, trying to pick it all up before the dwarf  tarted  inging, cau ing  omething of a holdup in the corridor. “What’  going on here?” came the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. Harry  tarted  tuffing everything feveri hly into hi  ripped bag, de perate to get away before Malfoy could hear hi  mu ical valentine. “What’  all thi  commotion?”  aid another familiar voice a  Percy Wea ley arrived. Lo ing hi  head, Harry tried to make a run for it, but the dwarf  eized him around the knee  and brought him cra hing to the floor. “Right,” he  aid,  itting on Harry’  ankle . “Here i  your  inging valentine: Hi  eye  are a  green a  a fre h pickled toad, Hi  hair i  a  dark a  a blackboard, I wi h he wa  mine, he’  really divine, The hero who conquered the Dark Lord Harry would have given all the gold in Gringott  to evaporate on the  pot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone el e, he got up, hi  feet numb from the weight of the dwarf, a  Percy Wea ley did hi  be t to di per e the crowd,  ome of whom were crying with mirth. “Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minute  ago, off to cla , now,” he  aid,  hooing  ome of the younger  tudent  away. “And you, Malfoy —” Harry, glancing over,  aw Malfoy  toop and  natch up  omething. Leering, he  howed it to Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry realized that he’d got Riddle’  diary. “Give that back,”  aid Harry quietly. “Wonder what Potter’  written in thi ?”  aid Malfoy, who obviou ly hadn’t noticed the year on the cover and thought he had Harry’  own diary. A hu h fell over the onlooker . Ginny wa   taring from the diary to Harry, looking terrified. “Hand it over, Malfoy,”  aid Percy  ternly. “When I’ve had a look,”  aid Malfoy, waving the diary tauntingly at Harry. Percy  aid, “A  a  chool prefect —” but Harry had lo t hi  temper. He pulled out hi  wand and  houted, “Expelliarmu !” and ju t a  Snape had di armed Lockhart,  o Malfoy found the diary  hooting out of hi  hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught it. “Harry!”  aid Percy loudly. “No magic in the corridor . I’ll have to report thi , you know!” But Harry didn’t care, he wa  one-up on Malfoy, and that wa  worth five point  from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy wa  looking furiou , and a  Ginny pa ed him to enter her cla room, he yelled  pitefully after her, “I don’t think Potter liked your valentine much!” Ginny covered her face with her hand  and ran into cla . Snarling, Ron pulled out hi  wand, too, but Harry pulled him away. Ron didn’t need to  pend the whole of Charm  belching  lug . It wa n’t until they had reached Profe or Flitwick’  cla  that Harry noticed  omething rather odd about Riddle’  diary. All hi  other book  were drenched in  carlet ink. The diary, however, wa  a  clean a  it had been before the ink bottle had  ma hed all over it. He tried to point thi  out to Ron, but Ron wa  having trouble with hi  wand again; large purple bubble  were blo oming out of the end, and he wa n’t much intere ted in anything el e. Harry went to bed before anyone el e in hi  dormitory that night. Thi  wa  partly becau e he didn’t think he could  tand Fred and George  inging, “Hi  eye  are a  green a  a fre h pickled toad” one more time, and partly becau e he wanted to examine Riddle’  diary again, and knew that Ron thought he wa  wa ting hi  time. Harry  at on hi  four-po ter and flicked through the blank page , not one of which had a trace of  carlet ink on it. Then he pulled a new bottle out of hi  bed ide cabinet, dipped hi  quill into it, and dropped a blot onto the fir t page of the diary. The ink  hone brightly on the paper for a  econd and then, a  though it wa  being  ucked into the page, vani hed. Excited, Harry loaded up hi  quill a  econd time and wrote, “My name i  Harry Potter.” The word   hone momentarily on the page and they, too,  ank without trace. Then, at la t,  omething happened. Oozing back out of the page, in hi  very own ink, came word  Harry had never written. “Hello, Harry Potter. My name i  Tom Riddle. How did you come by my diary?” The e word , too, faded away, but not before Harry had  tarted to  cribble back. “Someone tried to flu h it down a toilet.” He waited eagerly for Riddle’  reply. “Lucky that I recorded my memorie  in  ome more la ting way than ink. But I alway  knew that there would be tho e who would not want thi  diary read.” “What do you mean?” Harry  crawled, blotting the page in hi  excitement. `I mean that thi  diary hold  memorie  of terrible thing . Thing  that were covered up. Thing  that happened at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.” “That’  where I am now,” Harry wrote quickly. “I’m at Hogwart , and horrible  tuff’  been happening. Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secret ?” Hi  heart wa  hammering. Riddle’  reply came quickly, hi  writing becoming untidier, a  though he wa  hurrying to tell all he knew. “Of cour e I know about the Chamber of Secret . In my day, they told u  it wa  a legend, that it did not exi t. But thi  wa  a lie. In my fifth year, the Chamber wa  opened and the mon ter attacked  everal  tudent , finally killing one. I caught the per on who’d opened the Chamber and he wa  expelled. But the Headma ter, Profe or Dippet, a hamed that  uch a thing had happened at Hogwart , forbade me to tell the truth. A  tory wa  given out that the girl had died in a freak accident. They gave me a nice,  hiny, engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth  hut. But I knew it could happen again. The mon ter lived on, and the one who had the power to relea e it wa  not impri oned.” Harry nearly up et hi  ink bottle in hi  hurry to write back. “It’  happening again now. There have been three attack  and no one  eem  to know who’  behind them. Who wa  it la t time?” “I can  how you, if you like, “came Riddle’  reply. “You don’t have to take my word for it. I can take you in ide my memory of the night when I caught him.” Harry he itated, hi  quill  u pended over the diary. What did Riddle mean? How could he be taken in ide  omebody el e’  memory? He glanced nervou ly at the door to the dormitory, which wa  growing dark. When he looked back at the diary, he  aw fre h word  forming. “Let me  how you.” Harry pau ed for a fraction of a  econd and then wrote two letter . OK The page  of the diary began to blow a  though caught in a high wind,  topping halfway through the month of June. Mouth hanging open, Harry  aw that the little  quare for June thirteenth  eemed to have turned into a mini cule televi ion  creen. Hi  hand  trembling  lightly, he rai ed the book to pre  hi  eye again t the little window, and before he knew what wa  happening, he wa  tilting forward; the window wa  widening, he felt hi  body leave hi  bed, and he wa  pitched headfir t through the opening in the page, into a whirl of color and  hadow. He felt hi  feet hit  olid ground, and  tood,  haking, a  the blurred  hape  around him came  uddenly into focu . He knew immediately where he wa . Thi  circular room with the  leeping portrait  wa  Dumbledore’  office — but it wa n’t Dumbledore who wa   itting behind the de k. A wizened, frail-looking wizard, bald except for a few wi p  of white hair, wa  reading a letter by candlelight. Harry had never  een thi  man before. “I’m  orry,” he  aid  hakily. “I didn’t mean to butt in —” But the wizard didn’t look up. He continued to read, frowning  lightly. Harry drew nearer to hi  de k and  tammered, “Er — I’ll ju t go,  hall I?” Still the wizard ignored him. He didn’t  eem even to have heard him. Thinking that the wizard might be deaf, Harry rai ed hi  voice. “Sorry I di turbed you. I’ll go now,” he half- houted. The wizard folded up the letter with a  igh,  tood up, walked pa t Harry without glancing at him, and went to draw the curtain  at hi  window. The  ky out ide the window wa  ruby-red; it  eemed to be  un et. The wizard went back to the de k,  at down, and twiddled hi  thumb , watching the door. Harry looked around the office. No Fawke  the phoenix — no whirring  ilver contraption . Thi  wa  Hogwart  a  Riddle had known it, meaning that thi  unknown wizard wa  Headma ter, not Dumbledore, and he, Harry, wa  little more than a phantom, completely invi ible to the people of fifty year  ago. There wa  a knock on the office door. “Enter,”  aid the old wizard in a feeble voice. A boy of about  ixteen entered, taking off hi  pointed hat. A  ilver prefect’  badge wa  glinting on hi  che t. He wa  much taller than Harry, but he, too, had jet-black hair. “Ah, Riddle,”  aid the Headma ter. “You wanted to  ee me, Profe or Dippet?”  aid Riddle. He looked nervou . “Sit down,”  aid Dippet. “I’ve ju t been reading the letter you  ent me.” “Oh,”  aid Riddle. He  at down, gripping hi  hand  together very tightly. “My dear boy,”  aid Dipper kindly, “I cannot po ibly let you  tay at  chool over the  ummer. Surely you want to go home for the holiday ?” “No,”  aid Riddle at once. “I’d much rather  tay at Hogwart  than go back to that — to that —” “You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holiday , I believe?”  aid Dippet curiou ly. “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Riddle, reddening  lightly. “You are Muggle-born?” “Half-blood,  ir,”  aid Riddle. “Muggle father, witch mother.” “And are both your parent  —?” “My mother died ju t after I wa  born,  ir. They told me at the orphanage  he lived ju t long enough to name me — Tom after my father, Marvolo after my grandfather.” Dipper clucked hi  tongue  ympathetically. “The thing i , Tom,” he  ighed, “Special arrangement  might have been made for you, but in the current circum tance …” “You mean all the e attack ,  ir?”  aid Riddle, and Harry’  heart leapt, and he moved clo er,  cared of mi ing anything. “Preci ely,”  aid the headma ter. “My dear boy, you mu t  ee how fooli h it would be of me to allow you to remain at the ca tle when term end . Particularly in light of the recent tragedy… the death of that poor little girl… You will be  afer by far at your orphanage. A  a matter of fact, the Mini try of Magic i  even now talking about clo ing the  chool. We are no nearer locating the — er —  ource of all thi  unplea antne …” Riddle’  eye  had widened. “Sir — if the per on wa  caught — if it all  topped —” “What do you mean?”  aid Dippet with a  queak in hi  voice,  itting up in hi  chair. “Riddle, do you mean you know  omething about the e attack ?” “No,  ir,”  aid Riddle quickly. But Harry wa   ure it wa  the  ame  ort of “no” that he him elf had given Dumbledore. Dippet  ank back, looking faintly di appointed. “You may go, Tom…” Riddle  lid off hi  chair and  louched out of the room. Harry followed him. Down the moving  piral  tairca e they went, emerging next to the gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle  topped, and  o did Harry, watching him. Harry could tell that Riddle wa  doing  ome  eriou  thinking. He wa  biting hi  lip, hi  forehead furrowed. Then, a  though he had  uddenly reached a deci ion, he hurried off, Harry gliding noi ele ly behind him. They didn’t  ee another per on until they reached the entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long,  weeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble  tairca e. “What are you doing, wandering around thi  late, Tom?” Harry gaped at the wizard. He wa  none other than a fifty-year-younger Dumbledore. “I had to  ee the headma ter,  ir,”  aid Riddle. “Well, hurry off to bed,”  aid Dumbledore, giving Riddle exactly the kind of penetrating  tare Harry knew  o well. “Be t not to roam the corridor  the e day . Not  ince…” He  ighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and  trode off. Riddle watched him walk out of  ight and then, moving quickly, headed  traight down the  tone  tep  to the dungeon , with Harry in hot pur uit. But to Harry’  di appointment, Riddle led him not into a hidden pa ageway or a  ecret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry had Potion  with Snape. The torche  hadn’t been lit, and when Riddle pu hed the door almo t clo ed, Harry could only ju t  ee him,  tanding  tock- till by the door, watching the pa age out ide. It felt to Harry that they were there for at lea t an hour. All he could  ee wa  the figure of Riddle at the door,  taring through the crack, waiting like a  tatue. And ju t when Harry had  topped feeling expectant and ten e and  tarted wi hing he could return to the pre ent, he heard  omething move beyond the door. Someone wa  creeping along the pa age. He heard whoever it wa  pa  the dungeon where he and Riddle were hidden. Riddle, quiet a  a  hadow, edged through the door and followed, Harry tiptoeing behind him, forgetting that he couldn’t be heard. For perhap  five minute  they followed the foot tep , until Riddle  topped  uddenly, hi  head inclined in the direction of new noi e . Harry heard a door creak open, and then  omeone  peaking in a hoar e whi per. “C’mon…gotta get yeh outta here…C’mon now…in the box…” There wa   omething familiar about that voice… Riddle  uddenly jumped around the corner. Harry  tepped out behind him. He could  ee the dark outline of a huge boy who wa  crouching in front of an open door, a very large box next to it. “Evening, Rubeu ,”  aid Riddle  harply. The boy  lammed the door  hut and  tood up. “What yer doin’ down here, Tom?” Riddle  tepped clo er. “It’  all over,” he  aid. “I’m going to have to turn you in, Rubeu . They’re talking about clo ing Hogwart  if the attack  don’t  top.” “‘N at d’yeh —” “I don’t think you meant to kill anyone. But mon ter  don’t make good pet . I  uppo e you ju t let it out for exerci e and —” “It never killed no one!”  aid the large boy, backing again t the clo ed door. From behind him, Harry could hear a funny ru tling and clicking. “Come on, Rubeu ,”  aid Riddle, moving yet clo er. “The dead girl’  parent  will be here tomorrow. The lea t Hogwart  can do i  make  ure that the thing that killed their daughter i   laughtered…” “It wa n’t him!” roared the boy, hi  voice echoing in the dark pa age. “He wouldn’! He never!” “Stand a ide,”  aid Riddle, drawing out hi  wand. Hi   pell lit the corridor with a  udden flaming light. The door behind the large boy flew open with  uch force it knocked him into the wall oppo ite. And out of it came  omething that made Harry let out a long, piercing  cream unheard by anyone. A va t, low- lung, hairy body and a tangle of black leg ; a gleam of many eye  and a pair of razor- harp pincer  — Riddle rai ed hi  wand again, but he wa  too late. The thing bowled him over a  it  cuttled away, tearing up the corridor and out of  ight. Riddle  crambled to hi  feet, looking after it; he rai ed hi  wand, but the huge boy leapt on him,  eized hi  wand, and threw him back down, yelling, “NOOOOOO!” The  cene whirled, the darkne  became complete; Harry felt him elf falling and, with a cra h, he landed  pread-eagled on hi  four-po ter in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddle’  diary lying open on hi   tomach. Before he had had time to regain hi  breath, the dormitory door opened and Ron came in. “There you are,” he  aid. Harry  at up. He wa   weating and  haking. “What’  up?”  aid Ron, looking at him with concern. “It wa  Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secret  fifty year  ago.” HP 2 - Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secret  CHAPTER FOURTEEN CORNELIUS FUDGE Harry, Ron, and Hermione had alway  known that Hagrid had an unfortunate liking for large and mon trou  creature . During their fir t year at Hogwart  he had tried to rai e a dragon in hi  little wooden hou e, and it would be a long time before they forgot the giant, three-headed dog he’d chri tened “Fluffy.” And if, a  a boy, Hagrid had heard that a mon ter wa  hidden  omewhere in the ca tle, Harry wa   ure he’d have gone to any length  for a glimp e of it. He’d probably thought it wa  a  hame that the mon ter had been cooped up  o long, and thought it de erved the chance to  tretch it  many leg ; Harry could ju t imagine the thirteen-year-old Hagrid trying to fit a lea h and collar on it. But he wa  equally certain that Hagrid would never have meant to kill anybody. Harry half wi hed he hadn’t found out how to work Riddle’  diary. Again and again Ron and Hermione made him recount what he’d  een, until he wa  heartily  ick of telling them and  ick of the long, circular conver ation  that followed. “Riddle might have got the wrong per on,”  aid Hermione. “Maybe it wa   ome other mon ter that wa  attacking people…” “How many mon ter  d’you think thi  place can hold?” Ron a ked dully. “We alway  knew Hagrid had been expelled,”  aid Harry mi erably. “And the attack  mu t’ve  topped after Hagrid wa  kicked out. Otherwi e, Riddle wouldn’t have got hi  award.” Ron tried a different tack. “Riddle doe   ound like Percy — who a ked him to  queal on Hagrid, anyway?” “But the mon ter had killed  omeone, Ron,”  aid Hermione. “And Riddle wa  going to go back to  ome Muggle orphanage if they clo ed Hogwart ,”  aid Harry. “I don’t blame him for wanting to  tay here…” “You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didn’t you, Harry?” “He wa  buying a Fle h-Eating Slug Repellent,”  aid Harry quickly. The three of them fell  ilent. After a long pau e, Hermione voiced the knottie t que tion of all in a he itant voice. “Do you think we  hould go and a k Hagrid about it all?” “That’d be a cheerful vi it,”  aid Ron. “‘Hello, Hagrid. Tell u , have you been  etting anything mad and hairy loo e in the ca tle lately?’” In the end, they decided that they would not  ay anything to Hagrid unle  there wa  another attack, and a  more and more day  went by with no whi per from the di embodied voice, they became hopeful that they would never need to talk to him about why he had been expelled. It wa  now nearly four month   ince Ju tin and Nearly Headle  Nick had been Petrified, and nearly everybody  eemed to think that the attacker, whoever it wa , had retired for good. Peeve  had finally got bored of hi  “Oh, Potter, you rotter”  ong, Ernie Macmillan a ked Harry quite politely to pa  a bucket of leaping toad tool  in Herbology one day, and in March  everal of the Mandrake  threw a loud and raucou  party in greenhou e three. Thi  made Profe or Sprout very happy. “The moment they  tart trying to move into each other’  pot , we’ll know they’re fully mature,”  he told Harry. “Then we’ll be able to revive tho e poor people in the ho pital wing.” The  econd year  were given  omething new to think about during their Ea ter holiday . The time had come to choo e their  ubject  for the third year, a matter that Hermione, at lea t, took very  eriou ly. “…it could affect our whole future,”  he told Harry and Ron a  they pored over li t  of new  ubject , marking them with check . “I ju t want to give up Potion ,”  aid Harry. “We can’t,”  aid Ron gloomily. “We keep all our old  ubject , or I’d’ve ditched Defen e Again t the Dark Art .” “But that’  very important!”  aid Hermione,  hocked. “Not the way Lockhart teache  it,”  aid Ron. “I haven’t learned anything from him except not to  et pixie  loo e.” Neville Longbottom had been  ent letter  from all the witche  and wizard  in hi  family, all giving him different advice on what to choo e. Confu ed and worried, he  at reading the  ubject li t  with hi  tongue poking out, a king people whether they thought Arithmancy  ounded more difficult than the  tudy of Ancient Rune . Dean Thoma , who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggle , ended up clo ing hi  eye  and jabbing hi  wand at the li t, then picking the  ubject  it landed on. Hermione took nobody’  advice but  igned up for everything. Harry  miled grimly to him elf at the thought of what Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia would  ay if he tried to di cu  hi  career in wizardry with them. Not that he didn’t get any guidance: Percy Wea ley wa  eager to  hare hi  experience. “Depend  where you want to go, Harry,” he  aid. “It’  never too early to think about the future,  o I’d recommend Divination. People  ay Muggle Studie  i  a  oft option, but I per onally think wizard   hould have a thorough under tanding of the non-magical community, particularly if they’re thinking of working in clo e contact with them — look at my father, he ha  to deal with Muggle bu ine  all the time. My brother Charlie wa  alway  more of an outdoor type,  o he went for Care of Magical Creature . Play to your  trength , Harry.” But the only thing Harry felt he wa  really good at wa  Quidditch. In the end, he cho e the  ame new  ubject  a  Ron, feeling that if he wa  lou y at them, at lea t he’d have  omeone friendly to help him. Gryffindor’  next Quidditch match would be again t Hufflepuff. Wood wa  in i ting on team practice  every night after dinner,  o that Harry barely had time for anything but Quidditch and homework. However, the training  e ion  were getting better, or at lea t drier, and the evening before Saturday’  match he went up to hi  dormitory to drop off hi  broom tick feeling Gryffindor’  chance  for the Quidditch cup had never been better. But hi  cheerful mood didn’t la t long. At the top of the  tair  to the dormitory, he met Neville Longbottom, who wa  looking frantic. “Harry — I don’t know who did it — I ju t found —” Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pu hed open the door. The content  of Harry’  trunk had been thrown everywhere. Hi  cloak lay ripped on the floor. The bedclothe  had been pulled off hi  four-po ter and the drawer had been pulled out of hi  bed ide cabinet, the content   trewn over the mattre . Harry walked over to the bed, open-mouthed, treading on a few loo e page  of Travel  with Troll . A  he and Neville pulled the blanket  back onto hi  bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamu  came in. Dean  wore loudly. “What happened, Harry?” “No idea,”  aid Harry. But Ron wa  examining Harry’  robe . All the pocket  were hanging out. “Someone’  been looking for  omething,”  aid Ron. “I  there anything mi ing?” Harry  tarted to pick up all hi  thing  and throw them into hi  trunk. It wa  only a  he threw the la t of the Lockhart book  back into it that he realized what wa n’t there. “Riddle’  diary’  gone,” he  aid in an undertone to Ron. “What?” Harry jerked hi  head toward the dormitory door and Ron followed him out. They hurried down to the Gryffindor common room, which wa  half-empty, and joined Hermione, who wa   itting alone, reading a book called Ancient Rune  Made Ea y. Hermione looked agha t at the new . “But — only a Gryffindor could have  tolen — nobody el e know  our pa word —” “Exactly,”  aid Harry. They woke the next day to brilliant  un hine and a light, refre hing breeze. “Perfect Quidditch condition !”  aid Wood enthu ia tically at the Gryffindor table, loading the team’  plate  with  crambled egg . “Harry, buck up there, you need a decent breakfa t.” Harry had been  taring down the packed Gryffindor table, wondering if the new owner of Riddle’  diary wa  right in front of hi  eye . Hermione had been urging him to report the robbery, but Harry didn’t like the idea. He’d have to tell a teacher all about the diary, and how many people knew why Hagrid had been expelled fifty year  ago? He didn’t want to be the one who brought it all up again. A  he left the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go and collect hi  Quidditch thing , another very  eriou  worry wa  added to Harry’  growing li t. He had ju t  et foot on the marble  tairca e when he heard it yet again. “Kill thi  time…let me rip…tear…” He  houted aloud and Ron and Hermione both jumped away from him in alarm. “The voice!”  aid Harry, -looking over hi   houlder. “I ju t heard it again — didn’t you?” Ron  hook hi  head, wide-eyed. Hermione, however, clapped a hand to her forehead. “Harry — I think I’ve ju t under tood  omething! I’ve got to go to the library!” And  he  printed away, up the  tair . “What doe   he under tand?”  aid Harry di tractedly,  till looking around, trying to tell where the voice had come from. “Load  more than I do,”  aid Ron,  haking hi  head. “But why’   he got to go to the library?” “Becau e that’  what Hermione doe ,”  aid Ron,  hrugging. “When in doubt, go to the library.” Harry  tood, irre olute, trying to catch the voice again, but people were now emerging from the Great Hall behind him, talking loudly, exiting through the front door  on their way to the Quidditch pitch. “You’d better get moving,”  aid Ron. “It’  nearly eleven — the match —” Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and, and joined the large crowd  warming acro  the ground , but hi  mind wa   till in the ca tle along with the bodile  voice, and a  he pulled on hi   carlet robe  in the locker room, hi  only comfort wa  that everyone wa  now out ide to watch the game. The team  walked onto the field to tumultuou  applau e. Oliver Wood took off for a warm-up flight around the goal po t ; Madam Hooch relea ed the ball . The Hufflepuff , who played in canary yellow, were  tanding in a huddle, having a la t-minute di cu ion of tactic . Harry wa  ju t mounting hi  broom when Profe or McGonagall came half marching, half running acro  the pitch, carrying an enormou  purple megaphone. Harry’  heart dropped like a  tone. “Thi  match ha  been cancelled,” Profe or McGonagall called through the megaphone, addre ing the packed  tadium. There were boo  and  hout . Oliver Wood, looking deva tated, landed and ran toward Profe or McGonagall without getting off hi  broom tick. “But, Profe or!” he  houted. “We’ve got to play — the cup — Gryffindor —” Profe or McGonagall ignored him and continued to  hout through her megaphone: “All  tudent  are to make their way back to the Hou e common room , where their Head  of Hou e  will give them further information. A  quickly a  you can, plea e!” Then  he lowered the megaphone and beckoned Harry over to her. “Potter, I think you’d better come with me….” Wondering how  he could po ibly  u pect him thi  time, Harry  aw Ron detach him elf from the complaining crowd; he came running up to them a  they  et off toward the ca tle. To Harry’   urpri e, Profe or McGonagall didn’t object. “Ye , perhap  you’d better come, too, Wea ley…” Some of the  tudent   warming around them were grumbling about the match being canceled; other  looked worried. Harry and Ron followed Profe or McGonagall back into the  chool and up the marble  tairca e. But they weren’t taken to anybody’  office thi  time. “Thi  will be a bit of a  hock,”  aid Profe or McGonagall in a  urpri ingly gentle voice a  they approached the infirmary. “There ha  been another attack … another double attack.” Harry’  in ide  did a horrible  omer ault. Profe or McGonagall pu hed the door open and he and Ron entered. . Madam Pomfrey wa  bending over a fifth-year girl with long, curly hair. Harry recognized her a  the Ravenclaw they’d accidentally a ked for direction  to the Slytherin common room. And on the bed next to her wa  — “Hermione!” Ron groaned. Hermione lay utterly  till, her eye  open and gla y. “They were found near the library,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “I don’t  uppo e either of you can explain thi ? It wa  on the floor next to them…” She wa  holding up a  mall, circular mirror. Harry and Ron  hook their head , both  taring at Hermione. “I will e cort you back to Gryffindor Tower,”  aid Profe or McGonagall heavily. “I need to addre  the  tudent  in any ca e.” “All  tudent  will return to their Hou e common room  by  ix o’clock in the evening. No  tudent i  to leave the dormitorie  after that time. You will be e corted to each le on by a teacher. No  tudent i  to u e the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All further Quidditch training and matche  are to be po tponed. There will be no more evening activitie .” The Gryffindor  packed in ide the common room li tened to Profe or McGonagall in  ilence. She rolled up the parchment from which  he had been reading and  aid in a  omewhat choked voice, “I need hardly add that I have rarely been  o di tre ed. It i  likely that the  chool will be clo ed unle  the culprit behind the e attack  i  caught. I would urge anyone who think  they might know anything about them to come forward.” She climbed  omewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole, and the Gryffindor  began talking immediately. “That’  two Gryffindor  down, not counting a Gryffindor gho t, one Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff, “  aid the Wea ley twin ’ friend Lee Jordan, counting on hi  finger . “Haven’t any of the teacher  noticed that the Slytherin  are all  afe? I n’t it obviou  all thi   tuff’  coming from Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin, the mon ter of Slytherin — why don’t they ju t chuck all the Slytherin  out?” he roared, to nod  and  cattered applau e. Percy Wea ley wa   itting in a chair behind Lee, but for once he didn’t  eem keen to make hi  view  heard. He wa  looking pale and  tunned. “Percy’  in  hock,” George told Harry quietly. “That Ravenclaw girl — Penelope Clearwater —  he’  a prefect. I don’t think he thought the mon ter would dare attack a prefect.” But Harry wa  only half-li tening. He didn’t  eem to be able to get rid of the picture of Hermione, lying on the ho pital bed a  though carved out of  tone. And if the culprit wa n’t caught  oon, he wa  looking at a lifetime back with the Dur ley . Tom Riddle had turned Hagrid in becau e he wa  faced with the pro pect of a Muggle orphanage if the  chool clo ed. Harry now knew exactly how he had felt. “What’re we going to do?”  aid Ron quietly in Harry’  ear. “D’you think they  u pect Hagrid?” “We’ve got to go and talk to him,”  aid Harry, making up hi  mind. “I can’t believe it’  him thi  time, but if he  et the mon ter loo e la t time he’ll know how to get in ide the Chamber of Secret , and that’  a  tart.” “But McGonagall  aid we’ve got to  tay in our tower unle  we’re in cla  —” “I think,”  aid Harry, more quietly  till, “it’  time to get my dad’  old cloak out again.” Harry had inherited ju t one thing from hi  father: a long and  ilvery Invi ibility Cloak. It wa  their only chance of  neaking out of the  chool to vi it Hagrid without anyone knowing about it. They went to bed at the u ual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and Seamu  had  topped di cu ing the Chamber of Secret  and finally fallen a leep, then got up, dre ed again, and threw the cloak over them elve . The journey through the dark and de erted ca tle corridor  wa n’t enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered the ca tle at night  everal time  before, had never  een it  o crowded after  un et. Teacher , prefect , and gho t  were marching the corridor  in pair ,  taring around for any unu ual activity. Their Invi ibility Cloak didn’t  top them making any noi e, and there wa  a particularly ten e moment when Ron  tubbed hi  toe only yard  from the  pot where Snape  tood  tanding guard. Thankfully, Snape  neezed at almo t exactly the moment Ron  wore. It wa  with relief that they reached the oak front door  and ea ed them open. It wa  a clear,  tarry night. They hurried toward the lit window  of Hagrid’  hou e and pulled off the cloak only when they were right out ide hi  front door. Second  after they had knocked, Hagrid flung it open. They found them elve  face-to-face with him aiming a cro bow at them. Fang the boarhound barked loudly behind him. “Oh,” he  aid, lowering the weapon and  taring at them. “What’re you two doin’ here?” “What’  that for?”  aid Harry, pointing at the cro bow a  they  tepped in ide. “Nothin’ — nothin’ —” Hagrid muttered. “I’ve bin expectin’ — doe n’ matter — Sit down — I’ll make tea —” He hardly  eemed to know what he wa  doing. He nearly extingui hed the fire,  pilling water from the kettle on it, and then  ma hed the teapot with a nervou  jerk of hi  ma ive hand. “Are you okay, Hagrid?”  aid Harry. “Did you hear about Hermione?” “Oh, I heard, all righ’,”  aid Hagrid, a  light break in hi  voice. He kept glancing nervou ly at the window . He poured them both large mug  of boiling water (he had forgotten to add tea bag ) and wa  ju t putting a  lab of fruitcake on a plate when there wa  a loud knock on the door. Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron exchanged panic tricken look , then threw the Invi ibility Cloak back over them elve  and retreated into a corner. Hagrid checked that they were hidden,  eized hi  cro bow, and flung open hi  door once more. “Good evening, Hagrid.” It wa  Dumbledore. He entered, looking deadly  eriou , and wa  followed by a  econd, very odd-looking man. The  tranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxiou  expre ion, and wa  wearing a  trange mixture of clothe : a pin triped  uit, a  carlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boot . Under hi  arm he carried a lime-green bowler. “That’  Dad’  bo !” Ron breathed. “Corneliu  Fudge, the Mini ter of Magic!” Harry elbowed Ron hard to make him  hut up. Hagrid had gone pale and  weaty. He dropped into one of hi  chair  and looked from Dumbledore to Corneliu  Fudge. “Bad bu ine , Hagrid,”  aid Fudge in rather clipped tone . “Very bad bu ine . Had to come. Four attack  on Muggle-born . Thing ’ve gone far enough. Mini try’  got to act.” “I never,”  aid Hagrid, looking imploringly at Dumbledore. “You know I never, Profe or Dumbledore,  ir —” “I want it under tood, Corneliu , that Hagrid ha  my full confidence,”  aid Dumbledore, frowning at Fudge. “Look, Albu ,”  aid Fudge, uncomfortably. “Hagrid’  record’  again t him. Mini try’  got to do  omething — the  chool governor  have been in touch —” “Yet again, Corneliu , I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help in the  lighte t,”  aid Dumbledore. Hi  blue eye  were full of a fire Harry had never  een before. “Look at it from my point of view,”  aid Fudge, fidgeting with hi  bowler. “I’m under a lot of pre ure. Got to be  een to be doing  omething. If it turn  out it wa n’t Hagrid, he’ll be back and no more  aid. But I’ve got to take him. Got to. Wouldn’t be doing my duty —” “Take me?”  aid Hagrid, who wa  trembling. “Take me where?” “For a  hort  tretch only,”  aid Fudge, not meeting Hagrid’  eye . “Not a puni hment, Hagrid, more a precaution. If  omeone el e i  caught, you’ll be let out with a full apology —” “Not Azkaban?” croaked Hagrid. Before Fudge could an wer, there wa  another loud rap on the door. Dumbledore an wered it. It wa  Harry’  turn for an elbow in the rib ; he’d let out an audible ga p. Mr. Luciu  Malfoy  trode into Hagrid’  hut,  wathed in a long black traveling cloak,  miling a cold and  ati fied  mile. Fang  tarted to growl. “Already here, Fudge,” he  aid approvingly. “Good, good…” “What’re you doin’ here?”  aid Hagrid furiou ly. “Get outta my hou e!” “My dear man, plea e believe me, I have no plea ure at all in being in ide your — er — d’you call thi  a hou e?”  aid Luciu  Malfoy,  neering a  he looked around the  mall cabin. “I  imply called at the  chool and wa  told that the headma ter wa  here.” “And what exactly did you want with me, Luciu ?”  aid Dumbledore. He  poke politely, but the fire wa   till blazing in hi  blue eye . “Dreadful thing, Dumbledore,”  aid Malfoy lazily, taking out a long roll of parchment, “but the governor  feel it’  time for you to  tep a ide. Thi  i  an Order of Su pen ion — you’ll find all twelve  ignature  on it. I’m afraid we feel you’re lo ing your touch. How many attack  have there been now? Two more thi  afternoon, wa n’t it? At thi  rate, there’ll be no Muggle-born  left at Hogwart , and we all know what an awful lo  that would be to the  chool.” “Oh, now,  ee here, Luciu ,”  aid Fudge, looking alarmed, “Dumbledore  u pended — no, no — la t thing we want ju t now.” “The appointment — or  u pen ion — of the headma ter i  a matter for the governor , Fudge,”  aid Mr. Malfoy  moothly. “And a  Dumbledore ha  failed to  top the e attack  —” “See here, Malfoy, if Dumbledore can’t  top them,”  aid Fudge, who e upper lip wa   weating now, “I mean to  ay, who can?” “That remain  to be  een,”  aid Mr. Malfoy with a na ty  mile. “But a  all twelve of u  have voted —” Hagrid leapt to hi  feet, hi   haggy black head grazing the ceiling. ‘An’ how many did yeh have ter threaten an’ blackmail before they agreed, Malfoy, eh?” he roared. “Dear, dear, you know, that temper of your  will lead you into trouble one of the e day , Hagrid,”  aid Mr. Malfoy. “I would advi e you not to  hout at the Azkaban guard  like that. They won’t like it at all.” “Yeh can’ take Dumbledore!” yelled Hagrid, making Fang the boarhound cower and whimper in hi  ba ket. “Take him away, an’ the Muggle-born  won’  tand a chance! There’ll be killin’ next!” “Calm your elf, Hagrid,”  aid Dumbledore  harply. He looked at Luciu  Malfoy. “If the governor  want my removal, Luciu , I  hall of cour e  tep a ide —” “But —”  tuttered Fudge. “No!” growled Hagrid. Dumbledore had not taken hi  bright blue eye  off Luciu  Malfoy’  cold gray one . “However,”  aid Dumbledore,  peaking very  lowly and clearly  o that none of them could mi  a word, “you will find that I will only truly have left thi   chool when none here are loyal to me…Help will alway  be given at Hogwart  to tho e who a k for it.” For a  econd, Harry wa  almo t  ure Dumbledore’  eye  flickered toward the corner where he and Ron were hidden. “Admirable  entiment ,”  aid Malfoy, bowing. “We  hall all mi  your — er — highly individual way of running thing , Albu , and only hope your  ucce or willl manage to prevent any — ah — killin .” He  trode to the cabin door, opened it, and bowed Dumbledore out. Fudge, fiddling with hi  bowler, waited for Hagrid to go ahead of him, but Hagrid  tood hi  ground, took a deep breath, and  aid carefully, “If anyone wanted ter find out  ome  tuff, all they’d have ter do would be ter follow the  pider . That’d lead ‘em right. That’  all I’m  ayin’.” Fudge  tared at him in amazement. “All right, I’m comin’,  aid Hagrid, pulling on hi  mole kin overcoat. But a  he wa  about to follow Fudge through the door, he  topped again and  aid loudly, “An’  omeone’ll need ter feed Fang while I’m away.” The door banged  hut and Ron pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak. “We’re in trouble now,” Ron  aid hoar ely. “No Dumbledore. They might a  well clo e the  chool tonight. There’ll be an attack a day with him gone.” Fang  tarted howling,  cratching at the clo ed door. CAPTER FIFTEEN ARAGOG Summer wa  creeping over the ground  around the ca tle;  ky and lake alike turned periwinkle blue and flower  large a  cabbage  bur t into bloom in the greenhou e . But with no Hagrid vi ible from the ca tle window ,  triding the ground  with Fang at hi  heel , the  cene didn’t look right to Harry; no better, in fact, than the in ide of the ca tle, where thing  were  o horribly wrong. Harry and Ron had tried to vi it Hermione, but vi itor  were now barred from the ho pital wing. “We’re taking no more chance ,” Madam Pomfrey told them  everely through a crack in the infirmary door. “No, I’m  orry, there’  every chance the attacker might come back to fini h the e people off….” With Dumbledore gone, fear had  pread a  never before,  o that the  un warming the ca tle wall  out ide  eemed to  top at the mullioned window . There wa  barely a face to be  een in the  chool that didn’t look worried and ten e, and any laughter that rang through the corridor   ounded  hrill and unnatural and wa  quickly  tifled. Harry con tantly repeated Dumbledore’  final word  to him elf “I will only truly have left thi   chool when none here are loyal to me….Help will alway  be given at Hogwart  to tho e who a k for it.” But what good were the e word ? Who exactly were they  uppo ed to a k for help, when everyone wa  ju t a  confu ed and  cared a  they were? Hagrid’  hint about the  pider  wa  far ea ier to under tand. The trouble wa , there didn’t  eem to be a  ingle  pider left in the ca tle to follow. Harry looked everywhere he went, helped (rather reluctantly) by Ron. They were hampered, of cour e, by the fact that they weren’t allowed to wander off on their own but had to move around the ca tle in a pack with the other Gryffindor . Mo t of their fellow  tudent   eemed glad that they were being  hepherded from cla  to cla  by teacher , but Harry found it very irk ome. One per on, however,  eemed to be thoroughly enjoying the atmo phere of terror and  u picion. Draco Malfoy wa   trutting around the  chool a  though he had ju t been appointed Head Boy. Harry didn’t realize what he wa   o plea ed about until the Potion  le on about two week  after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when,  itting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe and Goyle. “I alway  thought Father might be the one who got rid of Dumbledore,” he  aid, not troubling to keep hi  voice down. “I told you he think  Dumbledore’  the wor t headma ter the  chool’  ever had. Maybe we’ll get a decent headma ter now. Someone who won’t want the Chamber of Secret  clo ed. McGonagall won’t la t long,  he’  only filling in….” Snape  wept pa t Harry, making no comment about Hermione’  empty  eat and cauldron. “Sir,”  aid Malfoy loudly. “Sir, why don’t you apply for the headma ter’  job?” “Now, now, Malfoy,”  aid Snape, though he couldn’t  uppre  a thin-lipped  mile. “Profe or Dumbledore ha  only been  u pended by the governor . I dare ay he’ll be back with u   oon enough.” “Yeah, right,”  aid Malfoy,  mirking. “I expect you’d have Father’  vote,  ir, if you wanted to apply for the job — I’ll tell Father you’re the be t teacher here,  ir —” Snape  mirked a  he  wept off around the dungeon, fortunately not  potting Seamu  Finnigan, who wa  pretending to vomit into hi  cauldron. “I’m quite  urpri ed the Mudblood  haven’t all packed their bag  by now,” Malfoy went on. “Bet you five Galleon  the next one die . Pity it wa n’t Granger —” The bell rang at that moment, which wa  lucky; at Malfoy’  la t word , Ron had leapt off hi   tool, and in the  cramble to collect bag  and book , hi  attempt  to reach Malfoy went unnoticed. “Let me at him,” Ron growled a  Harry and Dean hung onto hi  arm . “I don’t care, I don’t need my wand, I’m going to kill him with my bare hand  —” “Hurry up, I’ve got to take you all to Herbology,” barked Snape over the cla ’  head , and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the rear, Ron  till trying to get loo e. It wa  only  afe to let go of him when Snape had  een them out of the ca tle and they were making their way acro  the vegetable patch toward the greenhou e . The Herbology cla  wa  very  ubdued; there were now two mi ing from their number, Ju tin and Hermione. Profe or Sprout  et them all to work pruning the Aby inian Shrivelfig . Harry went to tip an armful of withered  talk  onto the compo t heap and found him elf face-to-face with Ernie Macmillan. Ernie took a deep breath and  aid, very formally, “I ju t want to  ay, Harry, that I’m  orry I ever  u pected you. I know you’d never attack Hermione Granger, and I apologize for all the  tuff I  aid. We’re all in the  ame boat now, and, well —” He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry  hook it. Ernie and hi  friend Hannah came to work at the  ame Shrivelfig a  Harry and Ron. “That Draco Malfoy character,”  aid Ernie, breaking off dead twig , “he  eem  very plea ed about all thi , doe n’t he? D’you know, I think he might be Slytherin’  heir.” “That’  clever of you,”  aid Ron, who didn’t  eem to have forgiven Ernie a  readily a  Harry. “Do you think it’  Malfoy, Harry?” Ernie a ked. “No,”  aid Harry,  o firmly that Ernie and Hannah  tared. A  econd later, Harry  potted  omething. Several large  pider  were  cuttling over the ground on the other  ide of the gla , moving in an unnaturally  traight line a  though taking the  horte t route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit Ron over the hand with hi  pruning  hear . “Ouch! What’re you —” Harry pointed out the  pider , following their progre  with hi  eye   crewed up again t the  un. “Oh, yeah,”  aid Ron, trying, and failing, to look plea ed. “But we can’t follow them now —” Ernie and Hannah were li tening curiou ly. Harry’  eye  narrowed a  he focu ed on the  pider . If they pur ued their fixed cour e, there could be no doubt about where they would end up. “Look  like they’re heading for the Forbidden Fore t….” And Ron looked even unhappier about that. At the end of the le on Profe or Sprout e corted the cla  to their Defen e Again t the Dark Art  le on. Harry and Ron lagged behind the other   o they could talk out of ear hot. “We’ll have to u e the Invi ibility Cloak again,” Harry told Ron. “We can take Fang with u . He’  u ed to going into the fore t with Hagrid, he might be  ome help.” “Right,”  aid Ron, who wa  twirling hi  wand nervou ly in hi  finger . “Er — aren’t there — aren’t there  uppo ed to be werewolve  in the fore t?” he added a  they took their u ual place  at the back of Lockhart’  cla room. Preferring not to an wer that que tion, Harry  aid, “There are good thing  in there, too. The centaur  are all right, and the unicorn …” Ron had never been into the Forbidden Fore t before. Harry had entered it only once and had hoped never to do  o again. Lockhart bounded into the room and the cla   tared at him. Every other teacher in the place wa  looking grimmer than u ual, but Lockhart appeared nothing  hort of buoyant. “Come now,” he cried, beaming around him. “Why all the e long face ?” People  wapped exa perated look , but nobody an wered. “Don’t you people realize,”  aid Lockhart,  peaking  lowly, a  though they were all a bit dim, “the danger ha  pa ed! The culprit ha  been taken away —” “Say  who?”  aid Dean Thoma  loudly. “My dear young man, the Mini ter of Magic wouldn’t have taken Hagrid if he hadn’t been one hundred percent  ure that he wa  guilty,”  aid Lockhart, in the tone of  omeone explaining that one and one made two. “Oh, ye  he would,”  aid Ron, even more loudly than Dean. “I flatter my elf I know a touch more about Hagrid’  arre t than you do, Mr. Wea ley,”  aid Lockhart in a  elf- ati fied tone. Ron  tarted to  ay that he didn’t think  o,  omehow, but  topped in mid entence when Harry kicked him hard under the de k. “We weren’t there, remember?” Harry muttered. But Lockhart’  di gu ting cheerine , hi  hint  that he had alway  thought Hagrid wa  no good, hi  confidence that the whole bu ine  wa  now at an end, irritated Harry  o much that he yearned to throw Gadding with Ghoul  right in Lockhart’   tupid face. In tead he contented him elf with  crawling a note to Ron: Let’  do it tonight. Ron read the me age,  wallowed hard, and looked  ideway  at the empty  eat u ually filled by Hermione. The  ight  eemed to  tiffen hi  re olve, and he nodded. The Gryffindor common room wa  alway  very crowded the e day , becau e from  ix o’clock onward the Gryffindor  had nowhere el e to go. They al o had plenty to talk about, with the re ult that the common room often didn’t empty until pa t midnight. Harry went to get the Invi ibility Cloak out of hi  trunk right after dinner, and  pent the evening  itting on it, waiting for the room to clear. Fred and George challenged Harry and Ron to a few game  of Exploding Snap, and Ginny  at watching them, very  ubdued in Hermione’  u ual chair. Harry and Ron kept lo ing on purpo e, trying to fini h the game  quickly, but even  o, it wa  well pa t midnight when Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed. Harry and Ron waited for the di tant  ound  of two dormitory door  clo ing before  eizing the cloak, throwing it over them elve , and climbing through the portrait hole. It wa  another difficult journey through the ca tle, dodging all the teacher . At la t they reached the entrance hall,  lid back the lock on the oak front door ,  queezed between them, trying to  top any creaking, and  tepped out into the moonlit ground . “’Cour e,”  aid Ron abruptly a  they  trode acro  the black gra , “we might get to the fore t and find there’  nothing to follow. Tho e  pider  might not’ve been going there at all. I know it looked like they were moving in that  ort of general direction, but…” Hi  voice trailed away hopefully. They reached Hagrid’  hou e,  ad and  orry-looking with it  blank window . When Harry pu hed the door open, Fang went mad with joy at the  ight of them. Worried he might wake everyone at the ca tle with hi  deep, booming bark , they ha tily fed him treacle fudge from a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued hi  teeth together. Harry left the Invi ibility Cloak on Hagrid’  table. There would be no need for it in the pitch-dark fore t. “C’mon, Fang, we’re going for a walk,”  aid Harry, patting hi  leg, and Fang bounded happily out of the hou e behind them, da hed to the edge of the fore t, and lifted hi  leg again t a large  ycamore tree. Harry took out hi  wand, murmured, “Lumo !” and a tiny light appeared at the end of it, ju t enough to let them watch the path for  ign  of  pider . “Good thinking,”  aid Ron. “I’d light mine, too, but you know — it’d probably blow up or  omething….” Harry tapped Ron on the  houlder, pointing at the gra . Two  olitary  pider  were hurrying away from the wandlight into the  hade of the tree . “Okay,” Ron  ighed a  though re igned to the wor t, “I’m ready. Let’  go.” So, with Fang  campering around them,  niffing tree root  and leave , they entered the fore t. By the glow of Harry’  wand, they followed the  teady trickle of  pider  moving along the path. They walked behind them for about twenty minute , not  peaking, li tening hard for noi e  other than breaking twig  and ru tling leave . Then, when the tree  had become thicker than ever,  o that the  tar  overhead were no longer vi ible, and Harry’  wand  hone alone in the  ea of dark, they  aw their  pider guide  leaving the path. Harry pau ed, trying to  ee where the  pider  were going, but everything out ide hi  little  phere of light wa  pitch-black. He had never been thi  deep into the fore t before. He could vividly remember Hagrid advi ing him not to leave the fore t path la t time he’d been in here. But Hagrid wa  mile  away now, probably  itting in a cell in Azkaban, and he had al o  aid to follow the  pider . Something wet touched Harry’  hand and he jumped backward, cru hing Ron’  foot, but it wa  only Fang’  no e. “What d’you reckon?” Harry  aid to Ron, who e eye  he could ju t make out, reflecting the light from hi  wand. “We’ve come thi  far,”  aid Ron. So they followed the darting  hadow  of the  pider  into the tree . They couldn’t move very quickly now; there were tree root  and  tump  in their way, barely vi ible in the near blackne . Harry could feel Fang’  hot breath on hi  hand. More than once, they had to  top,  o that Harry could crouch down and find the  pider  in the wandlight. They walked for what  eemed like at lea t half an hour, their robe   nagging on low- lung branche  and bramble . After a while, they noticed that the ground  eemed to be  loping downward, though the tree  were a  thick a  ever. Then Fang  uddenly let loo e a great, echoing bark, making both Harry and Ron jump out of their  kin . “What?”  aid Ron loudly, looking around into the pitch-dark, and gripping Harry’  elbow very hard. “There’   omething moving over there,” Harry breathed. “Li ten… ound  like  omething big….” They li tened. Some di tance to their right, the  omething big wa   napping branche  a  it carved a path through the tree . “Oh, no,”  aid Ron. “Oh, no, oh, no, oh —” “Shut up,”  aid Harry frantically. “It’ll hear you.” “Hear me?”  aid Ron in an unnaturally high voice. “It’  already heard Fang!” The darkne   eemed to be pre ing on their eyeball  a  they  tood, terrified, waiting. There wa  a  trange rumbling noi e and then  ilence. “What d’you think it’  doing?”  aid Harry. “Probably getting ready to pounce,”  aid Ron. They waited,  hivering, hardly daring to move. “D’you think it’  gone?” Harry whi pered. “Dunno —” Then, to their right, came a  udden blaze of light,  o bright in the darkne  that both of them flung up their hand  to  hield their eye . Fang yelped and tried to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorn  and yelped even louder. “Harry!” Ron  houted, hi  voice breaking with relief “Harry, it’  our car!” “What?” “Come on!” Harry blundered after Ron toward the light,  tumbling and tripping, and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing. Mr. Wea ley’  car wa   tanding, empty, in the middle of a circle of thick tree  under a roof of den e branche , it  headlight  ablaze. A  Ron walked, open-mouthed, toward it, it moved  lowly toward him, exactly like a large, turquoi e dog greeting it  owner. “It’  been here all the time!”  aid Ron delightedly, walking around the car. “Look at it. The fore t’  turned it wild….” The  ide  of the car were  cratched and  meared with mud. Apparently it had taken to trundling around the fore t on it  own. Fang didn’t  eem at all keen on it; he kept clo e to Harry, who could feel him quivering. Hi  breathing  lowing down again, Harry  tuffed hi  wand back into hi  robe . “And we thought it wa  going to attack u !”  aid Ron, leaning again t the car and patting it. “I wondered where it had gone!” Harry  quinted around on the floodlit ground for  ign  of more  pider , but they had all  cuttled away from the glare of the headlight . “We’ve lo t the trail,” he  aid. “C’mon, let’  go and find them.” Ron didn’t  peak. He didn’t move. Hi  eye  were fixed on a point  ome ten feet above the fore t floor, right behind Harry. Hi  face wa  livid with terror. Harry didn’t even have time to turn around. There wa  a loud clicking noi e and  uddenly he felt  omething long and hairy  eize him around the middle and lift him off the ground,  o that he wa  hanging facedown. Struggling, terrified, he heard more clicking, and  aw Ron’  leg  leave the ground, too, heard Fang whimpering and howling — next moment, he wa  being  wept away into the dark tree . Head hanging, Harry  aw that what had hold of him wa  marching on  ix immen ely long, hairy leg , the front two clutching him tightly below a pair of  hining black pincer . Behind him, he could hear another of the creature , no doubt carrying Ron. They were moving into the very heart of the fore t. Harry could hear Fang fighting to free him elf from a third mon ter, whining loudly, but Harry couldn’t have yelled even if he had wanted to; he  eemed to have left hi  voice back with the car in the clearing. He never knew how long he wa  in the creature’  clutche ; he only knew that the darkne   uddenly lifted enough for him to  ee that the leaf- trewn ground wa  now  warming with  pider . Craning hi  neck  ideway , he realized that they had reached the ridge of a va t hollow, a hollow that had been cleared of tree ,  o that the  tar   hone brightly onto the wor t  cene he had ever laid eye  on. Spider . Not tiny  pider  like tho e  urging over the leave  below. Spider  the  ize of carthor e , eight-eyed, eight-legged, black, hairy, gigantic. The ma ive  pecimen that wa  carrying Harry made it  way down the  teep  lope toward a mi ty, domed web in the very center of the hollow, while it  fellow  clo ed in all around it, clicking their pincer  excitedly at the  ight of it  load. Harry fell to the ground on all four  a  the  pider relea ed him. Ron and Fang thudded down next to him. Fang wa n’t howling anymore, but cowering  ilently on the  pot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt. Hi  mouth wa   tretched wide in a kind of  ilent  cream and hi  eye  were popping. Harry  uddenly realized that the  pider that had dropped him wa   aying  omething. It had been hard to tell, becau e he clicked hi  pincer  with every word he  poke. “Aragog!” it called. “Aragog!” And from the middle of the mi ty, domed web, a  pider the  ize of a  mall elephant emerged, very  lowly. There wa  gray in the black of hi  body and leg , and each of the eye  on hi  ugly, pincered head wa  milky white. He wa  blind. “What i  it?” he  aid, clicking hi  pincer  rapidly. “Men,” clicked the  pider who had caught Harry. “I  it Hagrid?”  aid Aragog, moving clo er, hi  eight milky eye  wandering vaguely. “Stranger ,” clicked the  pider who had brought Ron. “Kill them,” clicked Aragog fretfully. “I wa   leeping….” “We’re friend  of Hagrid’ ,” Harry  houted. Hi  heart  eemed to have left hi  che t to pound in hi  throat. Click, click, click went the pincer  of the  pider  all around the hollow. Aragog pau ed. “Hagrid ha  never  ent men into our hollow before,” he  aid  lowly. “Hagrid’  in trouble,”  aid Harry, breathing very fa t. “That’  why we’ve come.” “In trouble?”  aid the aged  pider, and Harry thought he heard concern beneath the clicking pincer . “But why ha  he  ent you?” Harry thought of getting to hi  feet but decided again t it; he didn’t think hi  leg  would  upport him. So he  poke from the ground, a  calmly a  he could. “They think, up at the  chool, that Hagrid’  been  etting a — a —  omething on  tudent . They’ve taken him to Azkaban.” Aragog clicked hi  pincer  furiou ly, and all around the hollow the  ound wa  echoed by the crowd of  pider ; it wa  like applau e, except applau e didn’t u ually make Harry feel  ick with fear. “But that wa  year  ago,”  aid Aragog fretfully. “Year  and year  ago. I remember it well. That’  why they made him leave the  chool. They believed that I wa  the mon ter that dwell  in what they call the Chamber of Secret . They thought that Hagrid had opened the Chamber and  et me free.” “And you…you didn’t come from the Chamber of Secret ?”  aid Harry, who could feel cold  weat on hi  forehead. “I!”  aid Aragog, clicking angrily. “I wa  not born in the ca tle. I come from a di tant land. A traveler gave me to Hagrid when I wa  an egg. Hagrid wa  only a boy, but he cared for me, hidden in a cupboard in the ca tle, feeding me on  crap  from the table. Hagrid i  my good friend, and a good man. When I wa  di covered, and blamed for the death of a girl, he protected me. I have lived here in the fore t ever  ince, where Hagrid  till vi it  me. He even found me a wife, Mo ag, and you  ee how our family ha  grown, all through Hagrid’  goodne ….” Harry  ummoned what remained of hi  courage. “So you never — never attacked anyone?” “Never,” croaked the old  pider. “It would have been my in tinct, but out of re pect for Hagrid, I never harmed a human. The body of the girl who wa  killed wa  di covered in a bathroom. I never  aw any part of the ca tle but the cupboard in which I grew up. Our kind like the dark and the quiet….” “But then…Do you know what did kill that girl?”  aid Harry. “Becau e whatever it i , it’  back and attacking people again —” Hi  word  were drowned by a loud outbreak of clicking and the ru tling of many long leg   hifting angrily; large black  hape   hifted all around him. “The thing that live  in the ca tle,”  aid Aragog, “i  an ancient creature we  pider  fear above all other . Well do I remember how I pleaded with Hagrid to let me go, when I  en ed the bea t moving about the  chool.” “What i  it?”  aid Harry urgently. More loud clicking, more ru tling; the  pider   eemed to be clo ing in. “We do not  peak of it!”  aid Aragog fiercely. “We do not name it! I never even told Hagrid the name of that dread creature, though he a ked me, many time .” Harry didn’t want to pre  the  ubject, not with the  pider  pre ing clo er on all  ide . Aragog  eemed to be tired of talking. He wa  backing  lowly into hi  domed web, but hi  fellow  pider  continued to inch  lowly toward Harry and Ron. “We’ll ju t go, then,” Harry called de perately to Aragog, hearing leave  ru tling behind him. “Go?”  aid Aragog  lowly. “I think not…” “But — but —” “My  on  and daughter  do not harm Hagrid, on my command. But I cannot deny them fre h meat, when it wander   o willingly into our mid t. Good-bye, friend of Hagrid.” Harry  pun around. Feet away, towering above him, wa  a  olid wall of  pider , clicking, their many eye  gleaming in their ugly black head . Even a  he reached for hi  wand, Harry knew it wa  no good, there were too many of them, but a  he tried to  tand, ready to die fighting, a loud, long note  ounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the hollow. Mr. Wea ley’  car wa  thundering down the  lope, headlight  glaring, it  horn  creeching, knocking  pider  a ide;  everal were thrown onto their back , their endle  leg  waving in the air. The car  creeched to a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the door  flew open. “Get Fang!” Harry yelled, diving into the front  eat; Ron  eized the boarhound around the middle and threw him, yelping, into the back of the car — the door   lammed  hut — Ron didn’t touch the accelerator but the car didn’t need him; the engine roared and they were off, hitting more  pider . They  ped up the  lope, out of the hollow, and they were  oon cra hing through the fore t, branche  whipping the window  a  the car wound it  way cleverly through the wide t gap , following a path it obviou ly knew. Harry looked  ideway  at Ron. Hi  mouth wa   till open in the  ilent  cream, but hi  eye  weren’t popping anymore. “Are you okay?” Ron  tared  traight ahead, unable to  peak. They  ma hed their way through the undergrowth, Fang howling loudly in the back  eat, and Harry  aw the  ide mirror  nap off a  they  queezed pa t a large oak. After ten noi y, rocky minute , the tree  thinned, and Harry could again  ee patche  of  ky. The car  topped  o  uddenly that they were nearly thrown into the wind hield. They had reached the edge of the fore t. Fang flung him elf at the window in hi  anxiety to get out, and when Harry opened the door, he  hot off through the tree  to Hagrid’  hou e, tail between hi  leg . Harry got out too, and after a minute or  o, Ron  eemed to regain the feeling in hi  limb  and followed,  till  tiff-necked and  taring. Harry gave the car a grateful pat a  it rever ed back into the fore t and di appeared from view. Harry went back into Hagrid’  cabin to get the Invi ibility Cloak. Fang wa  trembling under a blanket in hi  ba ket. When Harry got out ide again, he found Ron being violent  ick in the pumpkin patch. “Follow the  pider ,”  aid Ron weakly, wiping hi  mouth on hi   leeve. “I’ll never forgive Hagrid. We’re lucky to be alive.” “I bet he thought Aragog wouldn’t hurt friend  of hi ,”  aid Harry. “That’  exactly Hagrid’  problem!”  aid Ron, thumping the wall of the cabin. “He alway  think  mon ter  aren’t a  bad a  they’re made out, and look where it’  got him! A cell in Azkaban!” He wa   hivering uncontrollably now. “What wa  the point of  ending u  in there? What have we found out, I’d like to know?” “That Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secret ,”  aid Harry, throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding him in the arm to make him walk. “He wa  innocent.” Ron gave a loud  nort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in a cupboard wa n’t hi  idea of being innocent. A  the ca tle loomed nearer Harry twitched the cloak to make  ure their feet were hidden, then pu hed the creaking front door  ajar. They walked carefully back acro  the entrance hall and up the marble  tairca e, holding their breath a  they pa ed corridor  where watchful  entrie  were walking. At la t they reached the  afety of the Gryffindor common room, where the fire had burned it elf into glowing a h. They took off the cloak and climbed the winding  tair to their dormitory. Ron fell onto hi  bed without bothering to get undre ed. Harry, however, didn’t feel very  leepy. He  at on the edge of hi  fourpo ter, thinking hard about everything Aragog had  aid. The creature that wa  lurking  omewhere in the ca tle, he thought,  ounded like a  ort of mon ter Voldemort —even other mon ter  didn’t want to name it. But he and Ron were no clo er to finding out what it wa , or how it petrified it  victim . Even Hagrid had never known what wa  in the Chamber of Secret . Harry  wung hi  leg  up onto hi  bed and leaned back again t hi  pillow , watching the moon glinting at him through the tower window. He couldn’t  ee what el e they could do. They had hit dead end  everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong per on, the Heir of Slytherin had got off, and no one could tell whether it wa  the  ame per on, or a different one, who had opened the Chamber thi  time. There wa  nobody el e to a k. Harry lay down,  till thinking about what Aragog had  aid. He wa  becoming drow y when what  eemed like their very la t hope occurred to him, and he  uddenly  at bolt upright. “Ron,” he hi ed through the dark, “Ron —” Ron woke with a yelp like Fang’ ,  tared wildly around, and  aw Harry. “Ron — that girl who died. Aragog  aid  he wa  found in a bathroom,”  aid Harry, ignoring Neville’   nuffling  nore  from the corner. “What if  he never left the bathroom? What if  he’   till there?” Ron rubbed hi  eye , frowning through the moonlight. And then he under tood, too. “You don’t think — not Moaning Myrtle?” CHAPTER SIXTEEN THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS “All tho e time  we were in that bathroom, and  he wa  ju t three toilet  away,”  aid Ron bitterly at breakfa t next day, “and we could’ve a ked her, and now…” It had been hard enough trying to look for  pider . E caping their teacher  long enough to  neak into a girl ’ bathroom, the girl ’ bathroom, moreover, right next to the  cene of the fir t attack, wa  going to be almo t impo ible. But  omething happened in their fir t le on, Tran figuration, that drove the Chamber of Secret  out of their mind  for the fir t time in week . Ten minute  into the cla , Profe or McGonagall told them that their exam  would  tart on the fir t of June, one week from today. “Exam ?” howled Seamu  Finnigan. “We’re  till getting exam ?” There wa  a loud bang behind Harry a  Neville Longbottom’  wand  lipped, vani hing one of the leg  on hi  de k.Profe or McGonagall re tored it with a wave of her own wand, and turned, frowning, to Seamu . “The whole point of keeping the  chool open at thi  time i  for you to receive your education,”  he  aid  ternly. “The exam  will therefore take place a  u ual, and I tru t you are all  tudying hard.” Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that there would be exam  with the ca tle in thi   tate. There wa  a great deal of mutinou  muttering around the room, which made Profe or McGonagall  cowl even more darkly. “Profe or Dumbledore’  in truction  were to keep the  chool running a  normally a  po ible,  he  aid. “And that, I need hardly point out, mean  finding out how much you have learned thi  year.” Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbit  he wa   uppo ed to be turning into  lipper . What had he learned  o far thi  year? He couldn’t  eem to think of anything that would be u eful in an exam. Ron looked a  though he’d ju t been told he had to go and live in the Forbidden Fore t. “Can you imagine me taking exam  with thi ?” he a ked Harry, holding up hi  wand, which had ju t  tarted whi tling loudly. Three day  before their fir t exam, Profe or McGonagall made another announcement at breakfa t. “I have good new ,”  he  aid, and the Great Hall, in tead of falling  ilent, erupted. “Dumbledore’  coming back!”  everal people yelled joyfully. “You’ve caught the Heir of Slytherin!”  quealed a girl at the Ravenclaw table. “Quidditch matche  are back on!” roared Wood excitedly. When the hubbub had  ub ided, Profe or McGonagall  aid, “Profe or Sprout ha  informed me that the Mandrake  are ready for cutting at la t. Tonight, we will be able to revive tho e people who have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that one of them may well be able to tell u  who, or what, attacked them. I am hopeful that thi  dreadful year will end with our catching the culprit.” There wa  an explo ion of cheering. Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and wa n’t at all  urpri ed to  ee that Draco Malfoy hadn’t joined in. Ron, however, wa  looking happier than he’d looked in day . “It won’t matter that we never a ked Myrtle, then!” he  aid to Harry. “Hermione’ll probably have all the an wer  when they wake her up! Mind you,  he’ll go crazy when  he find  out we’ve got exam  in three day ’ time. She ha n’t  tudied. It might be kinder to leave her where  he i  till they’re over.” Ju t then, Ginny Wea ley came over and  at down next to Ron. She looked ten e and nervou , and Harry noticed that her hand  were twi ting in her lap. “What’  up?”  aid Ron, helping him elf to more porridge. Ginny didn’t  ay anything, but glanced up and down the Gryffindor table with a  cared look on her face that reminded Harry of  omeone, though he couldn’t think who. “Spit it out,”  aid Ron, watching her. Harry  uddenly realized who Ginny looked like. She wa  rocking backward and forward  lightly in her chair, exactly like Dobby did when he wa  teetering on the edge of revealing forbidden information. “I’ve got to tell you  omething,” Ginny mumbled, carefully not looking at Harry. “What i  it?”  aid Harry. Ginny looked a  though  he couldn’t find the right word . “What?” aid Ron. Ginny opened her mouth, but no  ound came out. Harry leaned forward and  poke quietly,  o that only Ginny and Ron could hear him. “I  it  omething about the Chamber of Secret ? Have you  een  omething? Someone acting oddly?” Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that preci e moment, Percy Wea ley appeared, looking tired and wan. “If you’ve fini hed eating, I’ll take that  eat, Ginny. I’m  tarving, I’ve only ju t come off patrol duty.” Ginny jumped up a  though her chair had ju t been electrified, gave Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and  campered away. Percy  at down and grabbed a mug from the center of the table. “Percy!”  aid Ron angrily. “She wa  ju t about to tell u   omething important!” Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked. “What  ort of thing?” he  aid, coughing. “I ju t a ked her if  he’d  een anything odd, and  he  tarted to  ay “Oh — that — that’  nothing to do with the Chamber of Secret ,”  aid Percy at once. “How do you know?”  aid Ron, hi  eyebrow  rai ed. “Well, er, if you mu t know, Ginny, er, walked in on me the other day when I wa  — well, never mind — the point i ,  he  potted me doing  omething and I, um, I a ked her not to mention it to anybody. I mu t  ay, I did think  he’d keep her word. It’  nothing, really, I’d ju t rather —” Harry had never  een Percy look  o uncomfortable. “What were you doing, Percy?”  aid Ron, grinning. “Go on, tell u , we won’t laugh.” Percy didn’t  mile back. “Pa  me tho e roll , Harry, I’m  tarving.” Harry knew the whole my tery might be  olved tomorrow without their help, but he wa n’t about to pa  up a chance to  peak to Myrtle if it turned up — and to hi  delight it did, midmorning, when they were being led to Hi tory of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart. Lockhart, who had  o often a ured them that all danger had pa ed, only to be proved wrong right away, wa  now wholeheartedly convinced that it wa  hardly worth the trouble to  ee them  afely down the corridor . Hi  hair wa n’t a   leek a  u ual; it  eemed he had been up mo t of the night, patrolling the fourth floor. “Mark my word ,” he  aid, u hering them around a corner. “The fir t word  out of tho e poor Petrified people’  mouth  will be ‘It wa  Hagrid.’ Frankly, I’m a tounded Profe or McGonagall think  all the e  ecurity mea ure  are nece ary.” “I agree,  ir,”  aid Harry, making Ron drop hi  book  in  urpri e. “Thank you, Harry,  aid Lockhart graciou ly while they waited for a long line of Hufflepuff  to pa . “I mean, we teacher  have quite enough to be getting on with, without walking  tudent  to cla e  and  tanding guard all night….” “That’  right,”  aid Ron, catching on. “Why don’t you leave u  here,  ir, we’ve only got one more corridor to go —” “You know, Wea ley, I think I will,”  aid Lockhart. “I really  hould go and prepare my next cla  —” And he hurried off. “Prepare hi  cla ,” Ron  neered after him. “Gone to curl hi  hair, more like.” They let the re t of the Gryffindor  draw ahead of them, then darted down a  ide pa age and hurried off toward Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. But ju t a  they were congratulating each other on their brilliant  cheme. “Potter! Wea ley! What are you doing?” It wa  Profe or McGonagall, and her mouth wa  the thinne t of thin line . “We were — we were —” Ron  tammered. “We were going to — to go and  ee —” “Hermione,”  aid Harry. Ron and Profe or McGonagall both looked at him. “We haven’t  een her for age , Profe or,” Harry went on hurriedly, treading on Ron’  foot, “and we thought we’d  neak into the ho pital wing, you know, and tell her the Mandrake  are nearly ready and, er, not to worry —” Profe or McGonagall wa   till  taring at him, and for a moment, Harry thought  he wa  going to explode, but when  he  poke, it wa  in a  trangely croaky voice. “Of cour e,”  he  aid, and Harry, amazed,  aw a tear gli tening in her beady eye. “Of cour e, I realize thi  ha  all been harde t on the friend  of tho e who have been…I quite under tand. Ye , Potter, of cour e you may vi it Mi  Granger. I will inform Profe or Binn  where you’ve gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given my permi ion.” Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe that they’d avoided detention. A  they turned the corner, they di tinctly heard Profe or McGonagall blow her no e. “That,”  aid Ron fervently, “wa  the be t  tory you’ve ever come up with.” They had no choice now but to go to the ho pital wing and tell Madam Pomfrey that they had Profe or McGonagall’  permi ion to vi it Hermione. Madam Pomfrey let them in, but reluctantly. “There’  ju t no point talking to a Petrified. per on,”  he  aid, and they had to admit  he had a point when they’d taken their  eat  next to Hermione. It wa  plain that Hermione didn’t have the fainte t inkling that  he had vi itor , and that they might ju t a  well tell her bed ide cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do. “Wonder if  he did  ee the attacker, though?”  aid Ron, looking  adly at Hermione’  rigid face. “Becau e if he  neaked up on them all, no one’ll ever know…” But Harry wa n’t looking at Hermione’  face. He wa  more intere ted in her right hand. It lay clenched on top of her blanket , and bending clo er, he  aw that a piece of paper wa   crunched in ide her fi t. Making  ure that Madam Pomfrey wa  nowhere near, he pointed thi  out to Ron. “Go on and get it out,” Ron whi pered,  hifting hi  chair  o that he blocked Harry from Madam Pomfrey’  view. It wa  no ea y ta k. Hermione’  hand wa  clamped  o tightly around the paper that Harry wa   ure he wa  going to tear it. While Ron kept watch he tugged and twi ted, and at la t, after  everal ten e minute , the paper came free. It wa  a page torn from a very old library book. Harry  moothed it out eagerly and Ron leaned clo e to read it, too. “Of the many fear ome bea t  and mon ter  that roam our land, there i  none more curiou  or more deadly than the Ba ili k, known al o a  the King of Serpent . Thi   nake, which may reach gigantic  ize and live many hundred  of year , i  born from a chicken’  egg, hatched beneath a toad. It  method  of killing are mo t wondrou , for a ide from it  deadly and venomou  fang , the Ba ili k ha  a murderou   tare, and all who are fixed with the beam of it  eye  hall  uffer in tant death. Spider  flee before the Ba ili k, for it i  their mortal enemy, and the Ba ili k flee  only from the crowing of the roo ter, which i  fatal to it.” And beneath thi , a  ingle word had been written, in a hand Harry recognized a  Hermione’ . Pipe . It wa  a  though  omebody had ju t flicked a light on in hi  brain. “Ron,” he breathed. “Thi  i  it. Thi  i  the an wer. The mon ter in the Chamber’  a ba ili k — a giant  erpent! That’  why I’ve been hearing that voice all over the place, and nobody el e ha  heard it. It’  becau e I under tand Par eltongue….” Harry looked up at the bed  around him. “The ba ili k kill  people by looking at them. But no one’  died — becau e no one looked it  traight in the eye. Colin  aw it through hi  camera. The ba ili k burned up all the film in ide it, but Colin ju t got Petrified. Ju tin… Ju tin mu t’ve  een the ba ili k through Nearly Headle  Nick! Nick got the full bla t of it, but he couldn’t die again.. and Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a mirror next to them. Hermione had ju t realized the mon ter wa  a ba ili k. I bet you anything  he warned the fir t per on  he met to look around corner  with a mirror fir t! And that girl pulled out her mirror — and —” Rod  jaw had dropped. “And Mr . Norri ?” he whi pered eagerly. Harry thought hard, picturing the  cene on the night of Halloween. “The water…” he  aid  lowly. “The flood from Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. I bet you Mr . Norri  only  aw the reflection…” He  canned the page in hi  hand eagerly. The more he looked at it, the more it made  en e. “…The crowing of the roo ter…i  fatal to it”! he read aloud. “Hagrid’  roo ter  were killed! The Heir of Slytherin didn’t want one anywhere near the ca tle once the Chamber wa  opened! Spider  flee before it.! It all fit !” “But how’  the ba ili k been getting around the place?”  aid Ron. “A giant  nake…Someone would’ve  een…” Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had  cribbled at the foot of the page. “Pipe ,” he  aid. “Pipe …Ron, it’  been u ing the plumbing. I’ve been hearing that voice in ide the wall …” Ron  uddenly grabbed Harry’  arm. “The entrance to the Chamber of Secret !” he  aid hoar ely. “What if it’  a bathroom? What if it’  in —” “Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom,”  aid Harry. They  at there, excitement cour ing through them, hardly able to believe it. “Thi  mean ,”  aid Harry, “I can’t be the only Par elmouth in the  chool. The Heir of Slytherin’  one, too. That’  how he’  been controlling the ba ili k.” “What’re we going to do?”  aid Ron, who e eye  were fla hing. “Should we go  traight to McGonagall?” “Let’  go to the  taff room,”  aid Harry, jumping up. “She’ll be there in ten minute . It’  nearly break.” They ran down tair . Not wanting to be di covered hanging around in another corridor, they went  traight into the de erted  taff room. It wa  a large, paneled room full of dark, wooden chair . Harry and Ron paced around it, too excited to  it down. But the bell to  ignal break never came. In tead, echoing through the corridor  came Profe or McGonagall’  voice, magically magnified. “All  tudent  to return to their Hou e dormitorie  at once. All teacher  return to the  taff room. Immediately, plea e.” Harry wheeled around to  tare at Ron. “Not another attack? Not now?” “What’ll we do?”  aid Ron, agha t. “Go back to the dormitory?” “No,”  aid Harry, glancing around. There wa  an ugly  ort of wardrobe to hi  left, full of the teacher ’ cloak . “In here. Let’  hear what it’  all about. Then we can tell them what we’ve found out.” They hid them elve  in ide it, li tening to the rumbling of hundred  of people moving overhead, and the  taff room door banging open. From between the mu ty fold  of the cloak , they watched the teacher  filtering into the room. Some of them were looking puzzled, other  downright  cared. Then Profe or McGonagall arrived. “It ha  happened,”  he told the  ilent  taff room. “A  tudent ha  been taken by the mon ter. Right into the Chamber it elf.” Profe or Flitwick let out a  queal. Profe or Sprout clapped her hand  over her mouth. Snape gripped the back of a chair very hard and  aid, “How can you be  ure?” “The Heir of Slytherin,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, who wa  very white, “left another me age. Right underneath the fir t one. ‘Her  keleton will lie in the Chamber forever.’” Profe or Flitwick bur t into tear . “Who i  it?”  aid Madam Hooch, who had  unk, weak-kneed, into a chair. “Which  tudent?” “Ginny Wea ley,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. Harry felt Ron  lide  ilently down onto the wardrobe floor be ide him. “We  hall have to  end all the  tudent  home tomorrow,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Thi  i  the end of Hogwart . Dumbledore alway   aid…” The  taffroom door banged open again. For one wild moment, Harry wa   ure it would be Dumbledore. But it wa  Lockhart, and he wa  beaming. “So  orry — dozed off — what have I mi ed?” He didn’t  eem to notice that the other teacher  were looking at him with  omething remarkably like hatred. Snape  tepped forward. “Ju t the man,” he  aid. “The very man. A girl ha  been  natched by the mon ter, Lockhart. Taken into the Chamber of Secret  it elf. Your moment ha  come at la t.” Lockhart blanched. “That’  right, Gilderoy,” chipped in Profe or Sprout. “Weren’t you  aying ju t la t night that you’ve known all along where the entrance to the Chamber of Secret  i ?” “I — well, I —” puttered Lockhart. “Ye , didn’t you tell me you were  ure you knew what wa  in ide it?” piped up Profe or Flitwick. “D-did I? I don’t recall —” “I certainly remember you  aying you were  orry you hadn’t had a crack at the mon ter before Hagrid wa  arre ted,”  aid Snape. “Didn’t you  ay that the whole affair had been bungled, and that you  hould have been given a free rein from the fir t?” Lockhart  tared around at hi   tony-faced colleague . “I — I really never — you may have mi under tood —” “We’ll leave it to you, then, Gilderoy,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Tonight will be an excellent time to do it. We’ll make  ure everyone’  out of your way. You’ll be able to tackle the mon ter all by you elf. A free rein at la t.” Lockhart gazed de perately around him, but nobody came to the re cue. He didn’t look remotely hand ome anymore. Hi  lip wa  trembling, and in the ab ence of hi  u ually toothy grin, he looked weak-chinned and feeble. “V-very well,” he  aid. “I’ll — I’ll be in my office, getting — getting ready.” And he left the room. “Right,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, who e no tril  were flared, “that’  got him out from under our feet. The Head  of Hou e   hould go and inform their  tudent  what ha  happened. Tell them the Hogwart  Expre  will take them home fir t thing tomorrow. Will the re t of you plea e make  ure no  tudent  have been left out ide their dormitorie .” The teacher  ro e and left, one by one. It wa  probably the wor t day of Harry’  entire life. He, Ron, Fred, and George  at together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room, unable to  ay anything to each other. Percy wa n’t there. He had gone to  end an owl to Mr. and Mr . Wea ley, then  hut him elf up in hi  dormitory. No afternoon ever la ted a  long a  that one, nor had Gryffindor Tower ever been  o crowded, yet  o quiet. Near  un et, Fred and George went up to bed, unable to  it there any longer. “She knew  omething, Harry,”  aid Ron,  peaking for the fir t time  ince they had entered the wardrobe in the  taff room. “That’  why  he wa  taken. It wa n’t  ome  tupid thing about Percy at all., She’d found out  omething about the Chamber of Secret . That mu t be why  he wa  —” Ron rubbed hi  eye  frantically. “I mean,  he wa  a pure-blood. There can’t be any other rea on.” Harry could  ee the  un  inking, blood-red, below the  kyline. Thi  wa  the wor t he had ever felt. If only there wa   omething they could do. Anything. “Harry”  aid Ron. “D’you think there’  any chance at all  he’  not — you know —” Harry didn’t know what to  ay. He couldn’t  ee how Ginny could  till be alive. “D’you know what?”  aid Ron. “I think we  hould go and  ee Lockhart. Tell him what we know. He’  going to try and get into the Chamber. We can tell him where we think it i , and tell him it’  a ba ili k in there.” Becau e Harry couldn’t think of anything el e to do, and becau e he wanted to be doing  omething, he agreed. The Gryffindor  around them were  o mi erable, and felt  o  orry for the Wea ley , that nobody tried to  top them a  they got up, cro ed the room, and left through the portrait hole. Darkne  wa  falling a  they walked down to Lockhart’  office. There  eemed to be a lot of activity going on in ide it. They could hear  craping, thump , and hurried foot tep . Harry knocked and there wa  a  udden  ilence from in ide. Then the door opened the tinie t crack and they  aw one of Lockhart’  eye  peering through it. “Oh — Mr. Potter — Mr. Wea ley —” he  aid, opening the door a bit wider. “I’m rather bu y at the moment —if you would be quick —” “Profe or, we’ve got  ome information for you,”  aid Harry. “We think it’ll help you.” “Er — well — it’  not terribly —” The  ide of Lockhart’  face that they could  ee looked very uncomfortable. “I mean — well — all right —” He opened the door and they entered. Hi  office had been almo t completely  tripped. Two large trunk   tood open on the floor. Robe , jade-green, lilac, midnight blue, had been ha tily folded into one of them; book  were jumbled untidily into the other. The photograph  that had covered the wall  were now crammed into boxe  on the de k. “Are you going  omewhere?”  aid Harry. “Er, well, ye ,”  aid Lockhart, ripping a life- ize po ter of him elf from the back of the door a  he  poke and  tarting to roll it up. “Urgent call — unavoidable — got to go —” “What about my  i ter?”  aid Ron jerkily. “Well, a  to that — mo t unfortunate —”  aid Lockhart, avoiding their eye  a  he wrenched open a drawer and  tarted emptying the content  into a bag. “No one regret  more than I —” “You’re the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher!”  aid Harry. “You can’t go now! Not with all the Dark  tuff going on here!” “Well — I mu t  ay — when I took the job —” Lockhart muttered, now piling  ock  on top of hi  robe . “nothing in the job de cription — didn’t expect —” “You mean you’re running away?”  aid Harry di believingly. “After all that  tuff you did in your book  —” “Book  can be mi leading,”  aid Lockhart delicately. “You wrote them!” Harry  houted. “My dear boy,”  aid Lockhart,  traightening up and frowning at Harry. “Do u e your common  en e. My book  wouldn’t have  old half a  well if people didn’t think I’d done all tho e thing . No one want  to read about  ome ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did  ave a village from werewolve . He’d look dreadful on the front cover. No dre   en e at all. And the witch who bani hed the Bandon Ban hee had a harelip. I mean, come on —” “So you’ve ju t been taking credit for what a load of other people have done?”  aid Harry incredulou ly. “Harry, Harry,”  aid Lockhart,  haking hi  head impatiently, “it’  not nearly a   imple a  that. There wa  work involved. I had to track the e people down. A k them exactly how they managed to do what they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them  o they wouldn’t remember doing it. If there’  one thing I pride my elf on, it’  my Memory Charm . No, it’  been a lot of work, Harry. It’  not all book  igning  and publicity photo , you know. You want fame, you have to be prepared for a long hard  log.” He banged the lid  of hi  trunk   hut and locked them. “Let’   ee,” he  aid. “I think that’  everything. Ye . Only one thing left.” He pulled out hi  wand and turned to them. “Awfully  orry, boy , but I’ll have to put a Memory Charm on you now. Can’t have you blabbing my  ecret  all over the place. I’d never  ell another book —” Harry reached hi  wand ju t in time. Lockhart had barely rai ed hi , when Harry bellowed, “Expelliarmu !” Lockhart wa  bla ted backward, falling over hi  trunk; hi  wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window. “Shouldn’t have let Profe or Snape teach u  that one,”  aid Harry furiou ly, kicking Lockhart’  trunk a ide. Lockhart wa  looking up at him, feeble once more. Harry wa   till pointing hi  wand at him. “What d’you want me to do?”  aid Lockhart weakly. “I don’t know where the Chamber of Secret  i . There’  nothing I can do.” “You’re in luck,”  aid Harry, forcing Lockhart to hi  feet at wandpoint. “We think we know where it i . And what’  in ide it. Let’  go.” They marched Lockhart out of hi  office and down the neare t  tair , along the dark corridor where the me age   hone on the wall, to the door of Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. They  ent Lockhart in fir t. Harry wa  plea ed to  ee that he wa   haking. Moaning Myrtle wa   itting on the tank of the end toilet. “Oh, it’  you,”  he  aid when  he  aw Harry. “What do you want thi  time?” “To a k you how you died,”  aid Harry. Myrtle’  whole a pect changed at once. She looked a  though  he had never been a ked  uch a flattering que tion. “Ooooh, it wa  dreadful,”  he  aid with reli h. “It happened right in here. I died in thi  very  tall. I remember it  o well. I’d hidden becau e Olive Hornby wa  tea ing me about my gla e . The door wa  locked, and I wa  crying, and then I heard  omebody come in. They  aid  omething funny. A different language, I think it mu t have been. Anyway, what really got me wa  that it wa  a boy  peaking. So I unlocked the door, to tell him to go and u e hi  own toilet, and then —” Myrtle  welled importantly, her face  hining. “I died.” “How?”  aid Harry. “No idea,”  aid Myrtle in hu hed tone . “I ju t remember  eeing a pair of great, big, yellow eye . My whole body  ort of  eized up, and then I wa  floating away….” She looked dreamily at Harry. “And then I came back again. I wa  determined to haunt Olive Hornby, you  ee. Oh,  he wa   orry  he’d ever laughed at my gla e .” “Where exactly did you  ee the eye ?”  aid Harry. “Somewhere there,”  aid Myrtle, pointing vaguely toward the  ink in front of her toilet. Harry and Ron hurried over to it. Lockhart wa   tanding well back, a look of utter terror on hi  face. It looked like an ordinary  ink. They examined every inch of it, in ide and out, including the pipe  below. And then Harry  aw it: Scratched on the  ide of one of the copper tap  wa  a tiny  nake. “That tap’  never worked,”  aid Myrtle brightly a  he tried to turn it. “Harry,”  aid Ron. “Say  omething. Something in Par eltongue.” “But —” Harry thought hard. The only time  he’d ever managed to  peak Par eltongue were when he’d been faced with a real  nake. He  tared hard at the tiny engraving, trying to imagine it wa  real. “Open up,” he  aid. He looked at Ron, who  hook hi  head. “Engli h,” he  aid. Harry looked back at the  nake, willing him elf to believe it wa  alive. If he moved hi  head, the candlelight made it look a  though it were moving. “Open up,” he  aid. Except that the word  weren’t what he heard; a  trange hi ing had e caped him, and at once the tap glowed with a brilliant white light and began to  pin. Next  econd, the  ink began to move; the  ink, in fact,  ank, right out of  ight, leaving a large pipe expo ed, a pipe wide enough for a man to  lide into. Harry heard Ron ga p and looked up again. He had made up hi  mind what he wa  going to do. “I’m going down there,” he  aid. He couldn’t not go, not now they had found the entrance to the Chamber, not if there wa  even the fainte t,  limme t, wilde t chance that Ginny might be alive. “Me too,”  aid Ron. There wa  a pau e. “Well, you hardly  eem to need me,”  aid Lockhart, with a  hadow of hi  old  mile. “I’ll ju t —” He put hi  hand on the door knob, but Ron and Harry both pointed their wand  at him. “You can go fir t,” Ron  narled. White-faced and wandle , Lockhart approached the opening. “Boy ,” he  aid, hi  voice feeble. “Boy , what good will it do?” Harry jabbed him in the back with hi  wand. Lockhart  lid hi  leg  into the pipe. “I really don’t think —” he  tarted to  ay, but Ron gave him a pu h, and he  lid out of  ight. Harry followed quickly. He lowered him elf  lowly into the pipe, then let go. It wa  like ru hing down an endle ,  limy, dark  lide. He could  ee more pipe  branching off in all direction , but none a  large a  their , which twi ted and turned,  loping  teeply downward, and he knew that he wa  falling deeper below the  chool than even the dungeon . Behind him he could hear Ron, thudding  lightly at the curve . And then, ju t a  he had begun to worry about what would happen when he hit the ground, the pipe leveled out, and he  hot out of the end with a wet thud, landing on the damp floor of a dark  tone tunnel large enough to  tand in. Lockhart wa  getting to hi  feet a little way  away, covered in  lime and white a  a gho t. Harry  tood a ide a  Ron came whizzing out of the pipe, too. “We mu t be mile  under the  chool,”  aid Harry, hi  voice echoing in the black tunnel. “Under the lake, probably,”  aid Ron,  quinting around at the dark,  limy wall . All three of them turned to  tare into the darkne  ahead. “Lumo !” Harry muttered to hi  wand and it lit again. “C’mon,” he  aid to Ron and Lockhart, and off they went, their foot tep   lapping loudly on the wet floor. The tunnel wa   o dark that they could only  ee a little di tance ahead. Their  hadow  on the wet wall  looked mon trou  in the wandlight. “Remember,” Harry  aid quietly a  they walked cautiou ly forward, “any  ign of movement, clo e your eye  right away….” But the tunnel wa  quiet a  the grave, and the fir t unexpected  ound they heard wa  a loud crunch a  Ron  tepped on what turned out to be a rat’   kull. Harry lowered hi  wand to look at the floor and  aw that it wa  littered with  mall animal bone . Trying very hard not to imagine what Ginny might look like if they found her, Harry led the way forward, around a dark bend in the tunnel. “Harry — there’   omething up there —”  aid Ron hoar ely, grabbing Harry’   houlder. They froze, watching. Harry could ju t  ee the outline of  omething huge and curved, lying right acro  the tunnel. It wa n’t moving. “Maybe it’  a leep,” he breathed, glancing back at the other two. Lockhart’  hand  were pre ed over hi  eye . Harry turned back to look at the thing, hi  heart beating  o fa t it hurt. Very  lowly, hi  eye  a  narrow a  he could make them and  till  ee, Harry edged forward, hi  wand held high. The light  lid over a gigantic  nake  kin, of a vivid, poi onou  green, lying curled and empty acro  the tunnel floor. The creature that had  hed it mu t have been twenty feet long at lea t. “Blimey,”  aid Ron weakly. There wa  a  udden movement behind them. Gilderoy Lockhart’  knee  had given way. “Get up,”  aid Ron  harply, pointing hi  wand at Lockhart. Lockhart got to hi  feet — then he dived at Ron, knocking him to the ground. Harry jumped forward, but too late — Lockhart wa   traightening up, panting, Ron’  wand in hi  hand and a gleaming  mile back on hi  face. “The adventure end  here, boy !” he  aid. “I  hall take a bit of thi   kin back up to the  chool, tell them I wa  too late to  ave the girl, and that you two tragically lo t your mind  at the  ight of her mangled body —  ay good-bye to your memorie !” He rai ed Ron’  Spellotaped wand high over hi  head and yelled, “Obliviate!” The wand exploded with the force of a  mall bomb. Harry flung hi  arm  over hi  head and ran,  lipping over the coil  of  nake  kin, out of the way of great chunk  of tunnel ceiling that were thundering to the floor. Next moment, he wa   tanding alone, gazing at a  olid wall of broken rock. “Ron!” he  houted. “Are you okay? Ron!” “I’m here!” came Ron’  muffled voice from behind the rockfall. “I’m okay — thi  git’  not, though — he got bla ted by the wand —” There wa  a dull thud and a loud “ow!” It  ounded a  though Ron had ju t kicked Lockhart in the  hin . “What now?” Ron’  voice  aid,  ounding de perate. “We can’t get through — it’ll take age ….” Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge crack  had appeared in it. He had never tried to break apart anything a  large a  the e rock  by magic, and now didn’t  eem a good moment to try — what if the whole tunnel caved in? There wa  another thud and another “ow!” from behind the rock . They were wa ting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of Secret  for hour ….Harry knew there wa  only one thing to do. “Wait there,” he called to Ron. “Wait with Lockhart. I’ll go on…If I’m not back in an hour…” There wa  a very pregnant pau e, “I’ll try and  hift  ome of thi  rock,”  aid Ron, who  eemed to be trying to keep hi  voice  teady. “So you can — can get back through. And, Harry —” “See you in a bit,”  aid Harry, trying to inject  ome confidence into hi   haking voice. And he  et off alone pa t the giant  nake  kin. Soon the di tant noi e of Ron  training to  hift the rock  wa  gone. The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Harry’  body wa  tingling unplea antly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet dreaded what he’d find when it did. And then, at la t, a  he crept around yet another bend, he  aw a  olid wall ahead on which two entwined  erpent  were carved, their eye   et with great, glinting emerald . Harry approached, hi  throat very dry. There wa  no need to pretend the e  tone  nake  were real; their eye  looked  trangely alive. He could gue  what he had to do. He cleared hi  throat, and the emerald eye   eemed to flicker. “Open,” aid Harry, in a low, faint hi . The  erpent  parted a  the wall cracked open, the halve   lid  moothly out of  ight, and Harry,  haking from head to foot, walked in ide. CHAPTER SEVENTEEN THE HEIR OF SLYTHERIN He wa   tanding at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering  tone pillar  entwined with more carved  erpent  ro e to  upport a ceiling lo t in darkne , ca ting long, black  hadow  through the odd, greeni h gloom that filled the place. Hi  heart beating very fa t, Harry  tood li tening to the chill  ilence. Could the ba ili k be lurking in a  hadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where wa  Ginny? He pulled out hi  wand and moved forward between the  erpentine column . Every careful foot tep echoed loudly off the  hadowy wall . He kept hi  eye  narrowed, ready to clamp them  hut at the  malle t  ign of movement. The hollow eye  ocket  of the  tone  nake   eemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of the  tomach, he thought he  aw one  tir. Then, a  he drew level with the la t pair of pillar , a  tatue high a  the Chamber it elf loomed into view,  tanding again t the back wall. Harry had to crane hi  neck to look up into the giant face above: It wa  ancient and monkeyi h, with a long, thin beard that fell almo t to the bottom of the wizard’   weeping  tone robe , where two enormou  gray feet  tood on the  mooth Chamber floor. And between the feet, facedown, lay a  mall, black-robed figure with flaming-red hair. “Ginny!” Harry muttered,  printing to her and dropping to hi  knee . “Ginny — don’t be dead — plea e don’t be dead —” He flung hi  wand a ide, grabbed Ginny’   houlder , and turned her over. Her face wa  white a  marble, and a  cold, yet her eye  were clo ed,  o  he wa n’t Petrified. But then  he mu t be… “Ginny, plea e wake up,” Harry muttered de perately,  haking her. Ginny’  head lolled hopele ly from  ide to  ide. “She won’t wake,”  aid a  oft voice. Harry jumped and  pun around on hi  knee . A tall, black-haired boy wa  leaning again t the neare t pillar, watching. He wa   trangely blurred around the edge , a  though Harry were looking at him through a mi ted window. But there wa  no mi taking him. “Tom — Tom Riddle?” Riddle nodded, not taking hi  eye  off Harry’  face. “What d’you mean,  he won’t wake?” Harry  aid de perately. “She’  not —  he’  not —?” “She’   till alive,”  aid Riddle. “But only ju t.” Harry  tared at him. Tom Riddle had been at Hogwart  fifty year  ago, yet here he  tood, a weird, mi ty light  hining about him, not a day older than  ixteen. “Are you a gho t?” Harry  aid uncertainly. “A memory,”  aid Riddle quietly. “Pre erved in a diary for fifty year .” He pointed toward the floor near the  tatue’  giant toe . Lying open there wa  the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom. For a  econd, Harry wondered how it had got there — but there were more pre ing matter  to deal with. “You’ve got to help me, Tom,” Harry  aid, rai ing Ginny’  head again. “We’ve got to get her out of here. There’  a ba ili k…I don’t know where it i , but it could be along any moment…Plea e, help me.” Riddle didn’t move. Harry,  weating, managed to hoi t Ginny half off the floor, and bent to pick up hi  wand again. But hi  wand had gone. “Did you  ee —?” He looked up. Riddle wa   till watching him — twirling Harry’  wand between hi  long finger . “Thank ,”  aid Harry,  tretching out hi  hand for it. A  mile curled the corner  of Riddle’  mouth. He continued to  tare at Harry, twirling the wand idly. “Li ten,”  aid Harry urgently, hi  knee   agging with Ginny’  dead weight. “We’ve got to go! If the ba ili k come  —” “It won’t come until it i  called,”  aid Riddle calmly. Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor, unable to hold her up any longer. “What d’you mean?” he  aid. “Look, give me my wand, I might need it —” Riddle’   mile broadened. “You won’t be needing it,” he  aid. Harry  tared at him. “What d’you mean, I won’t be —?” “I’ve waited a long time for thi , Harry Potter,”  aid Riddle. “For the chance to  ee you. To  peak to you.” “Look,”  aid Harry, lo ing patience, “I don’t think you get it. We’re in the Chamber of Secret . We can talk later —” “We’re going to talk now,”  aid Riddle,  till  miling broadly, and he pocketed Harry’  wand. Harry  tared at him. There wa   omething very funny going on here …. “How did Ginny get like thi ?” he a ked  lowly. “Well, that’  an intere ting que tion,”  aid Riddle plea antly. “And quite a long  tory. I  uppo e the real rea on Ginny Wea ley’  like thi  i  becau e  he opened her heart and  pilled all her  ecret  to an invi ible  tranger.” “What are you talking about?”  aid Harry. “The diary,”  aid Riddle. `My diary. Little Ginny’  been writing in it for month  and month , telling me all her pitiful worrie  and woe  — how her brother  tea e her, how  he had to come to  chool with  econdhand robe  and book , how —” Riddle’  eye  glinted “— how  he didn’t think famou , good, great Harry Potter would ever like her…” All the time he  poke, Riddle’  eye  never left Harry’  face. There wa  an almo t hungry look in them. “It’  very boring, having to li ten to the  illy little trouble  of an eleven-year-old girl,” he went on. “But I wa  patient. I wrote back. I wa   ympathetic, I wa  kind. Ginny  imply loved me. No one’  ever under tood me like you,Tom … I’m  o glad I’ve got thi  diary to confide in … It’  like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket …” Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didn’t  uit him. It made the hair   tand up on the back of Harry’  neck. “If I  ay it my elf, Harry, I’ve alway  been able to charm the people I needed. So Ginny poured out her  oul to me, and her  oul happened to be exactly what I wanted… I grew  tronger and  tronger on a diet of her deepe t fear , her darke t  ecret . I grew powerful, far more powerful than little Mi  Wea ley. Powerful enough to  tart feeding Mi  Wea ley a few of my  ecret , to  tart pouring a little of my  oul back into her…” “What d’you mean?”  aid Harry, who e mouth had gone very dry. “Haven’t you gue ed yet, Harry Potter?”  aid Riddle  oftly. “Ginny Wea ley opened the Chamber of Secret . She  trangled the  chool roo ter  and daubed threatening me age  on the wall . She  et the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudblood , and the Squib’  cat.” “No,” Harry whi pered. “Ye ,”  aid Riddle, calmly. “Of cour e,  he didn’t know what  he wa  doing at fir t. It wa  very amu ing. I wi h you could have  een her new diary entrie …far more intere ting, they became… Dear Tom,” he recited, watching Harry’  horrified face, `I think I’m lo ing my memory. There are roo ter feather  all over my robe  and 1 don’t know how they got there. Dear Tom, l can’t remember what I did on the night of Halloween, but a cat wa  attacked and I’ve got paint all down my front. Dear Tom, Percy keep  telling me I’m pale and I’m not my elf. I think he  u pect  me… There wa  another attack today and I don’t know where I wa . Tom, what am I going to do? I think I’m going mad… I think I’m the one attacking everyone, Tom!” Harry’  fi t  were clenched, the nail  digging deep into hi  palm . “It took a very long time for  tupid little Ginny to  top tru ting her diary,”  aid Riddle. “But  he finally became  u piciou  and tried to di po e of it. And that’  where you came in, Harry. You found it, and I couldn’t have been more delighted. Of all the people who could have picked it up, it wa  you, the very per on I wa  mo t anxiou  to meet…” “And why did you want to meet me?”  aid Harry. Anger wa  cour ing through him, and it wa  an effort to keep hi  voice  teady. “Well, you  ee, Ginny told me all about you, Harry,”  aid Riddle. “Your whole fa cinating hi tory.” Hi  eye  roved over the lightning  car on Harry’  forehead, and their expre ion grew hungrier. “I knew I mu t find out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided to  how you my famou  capture of that great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your tru t —” “Hagrid’  my friend,”  aid Harry, hi  voice now  haking. “And you framed him, didn’t you? I thought you made a mi take, but —” Riddle laughed hi  high laugh again. “It wa  my word again t Hagrid’ , Harry. Well, you can imagine how it looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor but brilliant, parentle  but  o brave,  chool prefect, model  tudent… on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in trouble every other week, trying to rai e werewolf cub  under hi  bed,  neaking off to the Forbidden Fore t to wre tle troll … but I admit, even I wa   urpri ed how well the plan worked. I thought  omeone mu t realize that Hagrid couldn’t po ibly be the Heir of Slytherin. It had taken me five whole year  to find out everything I could about the Chamber of Secret  and di cover the  ecret entrance… a  though Hagrid had the brain , or the power! “Only the Tran figuration teacher, Dumbledore,  eemed to think Hagrid wa  innocent. He per uaded Dippetto keep Hagrid and train him a  gamekeeper. Ye , I think Dumbledore might have gue ed…Dumbledore never  eemed to like me a  much a  the other teacher  did …” “I bet Dumbledore  aw right through you,”  aid Harry, hi  teeth gritted. “Well, he certainly kept an annoyingly clo e watch on me after Hagrid wa  expelled,”  aid Riddle carele ly. “I knew it wouldn’t be  afe to open the Chamber again while I wa   till at  chool. But I wa n’t going to wa te tho e long year  I’d  pent  earching for it. I decided to leave behind a diary, pre erving my  ixteen-year-old  elf in it  page ,  o that one day, with luck, I would be able to lead another in my foot tep , and fini h Salazar Slytherin’  noble work.” “Well, you haven’t fini hed it,”  aid Harry triumphantly. “No one’  died thi  time, not even the cat. In a few hour  the Mandrake Draught will be ready and everyone who wa  Petrified will be all right again —” “Haven’t I already told you,”  aid Riddle quietly, “that killing Mudblood  doe n’t matter to me anymore? For many month  now, my new target ha  been — you.” Harry  tared at him. “Imagine how angry I wa  when the next time my diary wa  opened, it wa  Ginny who wa  writing to me, not you. She  aw you with the diary, you  ee, and panicked. What if you found out how to work it, and I repeated all her  ecret  to you? What if, even wor e, I told you who’d been  trangling roo ter ? So the fooli h little brat waited until your dormitory wa  de erted and  tole it back. But I knew what I mu t do. It wa  clear to me that you were on the trail of Slytherin’  heir. From everything Ginny had told me about you, I knew you would go to any length  to  olve the my tery — particularly if one of your be t friend  wa  attacked. And Ginny had told me the whole  chool wa  buzzing becau e you could  peak Par eltongue …. “So I made Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down here to wait. She  truggled and cried and became very boring. But there i n’t much life left in her… She put too much into the diary, into me. Enough to let me leave it  page  at la t… I have been waiting for you to appear  ince we arrived here. I knew you’d come. I have many que tion  for you, Harry Potter.” “Like what?” Harry  pat, fi t   till clenched. “Well,”  aid Riddle,  miling plea antly, “how i  it that you — a  kinny boy with no extraordinary magical talent — managed to defeat the greate t wizard of all time? How did you e cape with nothing but a  car, while Lord Voldemort’  power  were de troyed?” There wa  an odd red gleam in hi  hungry eye  now. “Why do you care how I e caped?”  aid Harry  lowly. “Voldemort wa  after your time…” “Voldemort,”  aid Riddle  oftly, “i  my pa t, pre ent, and future, Harry Potter…” He pulled Harry’  wand from hi  pocket and began to trace it through the air, writing three  himmering word : TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE Then he waved the wand once, and the letter  of hi  name rearranged them elve : I AM LORD VOLDEMORT “You  ee?” he whi pered. “It wa  a name I wa  already u ing at Hogwart , to my mo t intimate friend  only, of cour e. You think I wa  going to u e my filthy Muggle father’  name forever? I, in who e vein  run  the blood of Salazar Slytherin him elf, through my mother’   ide? I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who abandoned me even before I wa  born, ju t becau e he found out hi  wife wa  a witch? No, Harry — I fa hioned my elf a new name, a name I knew wizard  everywhere would one day fear to  peak, when I had become the greate t  orcerer in the world!” Harry’  brain  eemed to have jammed. He  tared numbly at Riddle, at the orphaned boy who had grown up to murder Harry’  own parent , and  o many other …At la t he forced him elf to  peak. “You’re not,” he  aid, hi  quiet voice full of hatred. “Not what?”  napped Riddle. “Not the greate t  orcerer in the world,”  aid Harry, breathing fa t. “Sorry to di appoint you and all that, but the greate t wizard in the world i  Albu  Dumbledore. Everyone  ay   o. Even when you were  trong, you didn’t dare try and take over at Hogwart . Dumbledore  aw through you when you were at  chool and he  till frighten  you now, wherever you’re hiding the e day  —” The  mile had gone from Riddle’  face, to be replaced by a very ugly look. “Dumbledore’  been driven out of thi  ca tle by the mere memory of me!” he hi ed. “He’  not a  gone a  you might think!” Harry retorted. He wa   peaking at random, wanting to  care Riddle, wi hing rather than believing it to be true. Riddle opened hi  mouth, but froze. Mu ic wa  coming from  omewhere. Riddle whirled around to  tare down the empty Chamber. The mu ic wa  growing louder. It wa  eerie,  pine-tingling, unearthly; it lifted the hair on Harry’   calp and made hi  heart feel a  though it wa   welling to twice it  normal  ize. Then, a  the mu ic reached  uch a pitch that Harry felt it vibrating in ide hi  own rib , flame  erupted at the top of the neare t pillar. A crim on bird the  ize of a  wan had appeared, piping it  weird mu ic to the vaulted ceiling. It had a glittering golden tail a  long a  a peacock’  and gleaming golden talon , which were gripping a ragged bundle. A  econd later, the bird wa  flying  traight at Harry. It dropped the ragged thing it wa  carrying at hi  feet, then landed heavily on hi   houlder. A  it folded it  great wing , Harry looked up and  aw it had a long,  harp golden beak and a beady black eye. The bird  topped  inging. It  at  till and warm next to Harry’  cheek, gazing  teadily at Riddle. “That’  a phoenix.”  aid Riddle,  taring  hrewdly back at it. “Fawke ?” Harry breathed, and he felt the bird’  golden claw   queeze hi   houlder gently. “And that —”  aid Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that Fawke  had dropped, “that’  the old  chool Sorting Hat —” So it wa . Patched, frayed, and dirty, the hat lay motionle  at Harry’  feet. Riddle began to laugh again. He laughed  o hard that the dark chamber rang with it, a  though ten Riddle  were laughing at once. “Thi  i  what Dumbledore  end  hi  defender! A  ongbird and an old hat! Do you feel brave, Harry Potter? Do you feel  afe now?” Harry didn’t an wer. He might not  ee what u e Fawke  or the Sorting Hat were, but he wa  no longer alone, and he waited for Riddle to  top laughing with hi  courage mounting. “To bu ine , Harry,”  aid Riddle,  till  miling broadly. “Twice — in your pa t, in my future — we have met. And twice I failed to kill you. How did you  urvive? Tell me everything. The longer you talk,” he added  oftly, “the longer you  tay alive.” Harry wa  thinking fa t, weighing hi  chance . Riddle had the wand. He, Harry, had Fawke  and the Sorting Hat, neither of which would be much good in a duel. It looked bad, all right…but the longer Riddle  tood there, the more life wa  dwindling out of Ginny…and in the meantime, Harry noticed  uddenly, Riddle’  outline wa  becoming clearer, more  olid…If it had to be a fight between him and Riddle, better  ooner than later. “No one know  why you lo t your power  when you attacked me,”  aid Harry abruptly. “I don’t know my elf. But I know why you couldn’t kill me. Becau e my mother died to  ave me. My common Muggle-born mother,” he added,  haking with  uppre ed rage. “She  topped you killing me. And I’ve  een the real you, I  aw you la t year. You’re a wreck. You’re barely alive. That’  where all your power got you. You’re in hiding. You’re ugly, you’re foul —” Riddle’  face contorted. Then he forced it into an awful  mile. “So. Your mother died to  ave you. Ye , that’  a powerful countercharm. I can  ee now…there i  nothing  pecial about you, after all. I wondered, you  ee. There are  trange likene e  between u , after all. Even you mu t have noticed. Both half-blood , orphan , rai ed by Muggle . Probably the only two Par elmouth  to come to Hogwart   ince the great Slytherin him elf We even look  omething alike…but after all, it wa  merely a lucky chance that  aved you from me. That’  all I wanted to know.” Harry  tood, ten e, waiting for Riddle to rai e hi  wand. But Riddle’  twi ted  mile wa  widening again. “Now, Harry, I’m going to teach you a little le on. Let’  match the power  of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, again t famou  Harry Potter, and the be t weapon  Dumbledore can give him…” He ca t an amu ed eye over Fawke  and the Sorting Hat, then walked away. Harry, fear  preading up hi  numb leg , watched Riddle  top between the high pillar  and look up into the  tone face of Slytherin, high above him in the half-darkne . Riddle opened hi  mouth wide and hi ed — but Harry under tood what he wa   aying …. “Speak to me, Slytherin, greate t of the Hogwart  Four.” Harry wheeled around to look up at the  tatue, Fawke   waying on hi   houlder. Slytherin’  gigantic  tone face wa  moving. Horror truck, Harry  aw hi  mouth opening, wider and wider, to make a huge black hole. And  omething wa   tirring in ide the  tatue’  mouth. Something wa   lithering up from it  depth . Harry backed away until he hit the dark Chamber wall, and a  he  hut hi  eye  tight he felt Fawke ’ wing  weep hi  cheek a  he took flight. Harry wanted to  hout, “Don’t leave me!” but what chance did a phoenix have again t the king of  erpent ? Something huge hit the  tone floor of the Chamber. Harry felt it  hudder — he knew what wa  happening, he could  en e it, could almo t  ee the giant  erpent uncoiling it elf from Slytherin’  mouth. Then he heard Riddle’  hi ing voice: “Kill him.” The ba ili k wa  moving toward Harry; he could hear it  heavy body  lithering heavily acro  the du ty floor. Eye   till tightly  hut, Harry began to run blindly  ideway , hi  hand  out tretched, feeling hi  way — Voldemort wa  laughing. Harry tripped. He fell hard onto the  tone and ta ted blood the  erpent wa  barely feet from him, he could hear it coming. There wa  a loud, explo ive  pitting  ound right above him, and then  omething heavy hit Harry  o hard that he wa   ma hed into the wall. Waiting for fang  to  ink through hi  body he heard more mad hi ing,  omething thra hing wildly off the pillar . He couldn’t help it — he opened hi  eye  wide enough to  quint at what wa  going on. The enormou   erpent, bright, poi onou  green, thick a  an oak trunk, had rai ed it elf high in the air and it  great blunt head wa  weaving drunkenly between the pillar . A  Harry trembled, ready to clo e hi  eye  if it turned, he  aw what had di tracted the  nake. Fawke  wa   oaring around it  head, and the ba ili k wa   napping furiou ly at him with fang  long and thin a   aber  Fawke  dived. Hi  long golden beak  ank out of  ight and a  udden  hower of dark blood  pattered the floor. The  nake’  tail thra hed, narrowly mi ing Harry, and before Harry could  hut hi  eye , it turned — Harry looked  traight into it  face and  aw that it  eye , both it  great, bulbou  yellow eye , had been punctured by the phoenix; blood wa   treaming to the floor, and the  nake wa   pitting in agony. “NO!” Harry heard Riddle  creaming. “LEAVE THE BIRD! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU. YOU CAN STILL SMELL HIM. KILL HIM!” The blinded  erpent  wayed, confu ed,  till deadly. Fawke  wa  circling it  head, piping hi  eerie  ong, jabbing here and there at it   caly no e a  the blood poured from it  ruined eye . “Help me, help me,” Harry muttered wildly, “ omeone — anyone…” The  nake’  tail whipped acro  the floor again. Harry ducked. Something  oft hit hi  face. The ba ili k had  wept the Sorting Hat into Harry’  arm . Harry  eized it. It wa  all he had left, hi  only chance — he rammed it onto hi  head and threw him elf flat onto the floor a  the ba ili k’  tail  wung over him again. Help me — help me — Harry thought, hi  eye   crewed tight under the hat. Plea e help me. There wa  no an wering voice. In tead, the hat contracted, a  though an invi ible hand wa   queezing it very tightly. Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top of Harry’  head, almo t knocking him out. Star  winking in front of hi  eye , he grabbed the top of the hat to pull it off and felt  omething long and hard beneath it. A gleaming  ilver  word had appeared in ide the hat, it  handle glittering with rubie  the  ize of egg . “KILL THE BOY! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU. SNIFF — SMELL HIM.” Harry wa  on hi  feet, ready. The ba ili k’  head wa  falling, it  body coiling around, hitting pillar  a  it twi ted to face him. He could  ee the va t, bloody eye  ocket ,  ee the mouth  tretching wide, wide enough to  wallow him whole, lined with fang  long a  hi   word, thin, glittering, venomou  — It lunged blindly — Harry dodged and it hit the Chamber wall. It lunged again, and it  forked tongue la hed Harry’   ide. He rai ed the  word in both hi  hand  — The ba ili k lunged again, and thi  time it  aim wa  true — Harry threw hi  whole weight behind the  word and drove it to the hilt into the roof of the  erpent’  mouth — But a  warm blood drenched Harry’  arm , he felt a  earing pain ju t above hi  elbow. One long, poi onou  fang wa   inking deeper and deeper into hi  arm and it  plintered a  the ba ili k keeled over  ideway  and fell, twitching, to the floor. Harry  lid down the wall. He gripped the fang that wa   preading poi on through hi  body and wrenched it out of hi  arm. But he knew it wa  too late. White-hot pain wa   preading  lowly and  teadily from the wound. Even a  he dropped the fang and watched hi  own blood  oaking hi  robe , hi  vi ion went foggy. The Chamber wa  di olving in a whirl of dull color. A patch of  carlet  wam pa t, and Harry heard a  oft clatter of claw  be ide him. “Fawke ,”  aid Harry thickly. “You were fanta tic, Fawke …” He felt the bird lay it  beautiful head on the  pot where the  erpent’  fang had pierced him. He could hear echoing foot tep  and then a dark  hadow moved in front of him. “You’re dead, Harry Potter,”  aid Riddle’  voice above him. “Dead. Even Dumbledore’  bird know  it. Do you  ee what he’  doing, Potter? He’  crying.” Harry blinked. Fawke’  head  lid in and out of focu . Thick, pearly tear  were trickling down the glo y feather . “I’m going to  it here and watch you die, Harry Potter. Take your time. I’m in no hurry.” Harry felt drow y. Everything around him  eemed to be  pinning. “So end  the famou  Harry Potter,”  aid Riddle’  di tant voice. “Alone in the Chamber of Secret , for aken by hi  friend , defeated at la t by the Dark Lord he  o unwi ely challenged. You’ll be back with your dear Mudblood mother  oon, Harry… She bought you twelve year  of borrowed time… but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, a  you knew he mu t…” If thi  i  dying, thought Harry, it’  not  o bad. Even the pain wa  leaving him…. But wa  thi  dying? In tead of going black, the Chamber  eemed to be coming back into focu . Harry gave hi  head a little  hake and there wa  Fawke ,  till re ting hi  head on Harry’  arm. A pearly patch of tear  wa   hining all around the wound — except that there wa  no wound. “Get away, bird,”  aid Riddle’  voice  uddenly. “Get away from him — I  aid, get away —” Harry rai ed hi  head. Riddle wa  pointing Harry’  wand at Fawke ; there wa  a bang like a gun, and Fawke  took flight again in a whirl of gold and  carlet. “Phoenix tear …”  aid Riddle quietly,  taring at Harry’  arm. “Of cour e…healing power …I forgot…” He looked into Harry’  face. “But it make  no difference. In fact, I prefer it thi  way. Ju t you and me, Harry Potter…you and me….” He rai ed the wand … Then, in a ru h of wing , Fawke  had  oared back overhead and  omething fell into Harry’  lap — the diary. For a  plit  econd, both Harry and Riddle, wand  till rai ed,  tared at it. Then, without thinking, without con idering, a  though he had meant to do it all along, Harry  eized the ba ili k fang on the floor next to him and plunged it  traight into the heart of the book. There wa  a long, dreadful, piercing  cream. Ink  purted out of the diary in torrent ,  treaming over Harry’  hand , flooding the floor. Riddle wa  writhing and twi ting,  creaming and flailing and then — He had gone. Harry’  wand fell to the floor with a clatter and there wa   ilence. Silence except for the  teady drip drip of ink  till oozing from the diary. The ba ili k venom had burned a  izzling hole right through it. Shaking all over, Harry pulled him elf up. Hi  head wa   pinning a  though he’d ju t traveled mile  by Floo powder. Slowly, he gathered together hi  wand and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved the glittering  word from the roof of the ba ili k’  mouth. Then came a faint moan from the end of the Chamber. Ginny wa   tirring. A  Harry hurried toward her,  he  at up. Her bemu ed eye  traveled from the huge form of the dead ba ili k, over Harry, in hi  blood- oaked robe , then to the diary in hi  hand. She drew a great,  huddering ga p and tear  began to pour down her face. “Harry — oh, Harry — I tried to tell you at b-breakfa t, but I c-couldn’t  ay it in front of Percy — it wa  me, Harry — but I — I  - wear I d-didn’t mean to — R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over — and — how did you kill that — that thing? W-where’  Riddle? The la t thing I r-remember i  him coming out of the diary —” “ It’  all right,”  aid Harry, holding up the diary, and  howing Ginny the fang hole, “Riddle’  fini hed. Look! Him and the ba ili k. C’mon, Ginny, let’  get out of here —” “I’m going to be expelled!” Ginny wept a  Harry helped her awkwardly to her feet. “I’ve looked forward to coming to Hogwart  ever  ince B-Bill came and n-now I’ll have to leave and — w-what’ll Mum and Dad  ay?” Fawke  wa  waiting for them, hovering in the Chamber entrance. Harry urged Ginny forward; they  tepped over the motionle  coil  of the dead ba ili k, through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel. Harry heard the  tone door  clo e behind them with a  oft hi . After a few minute ’ progre  up the dark tunnel, a di tant  ound of  lowly  hifting rock reached Harry’  ear . “Ron!” Harry yelled,  peeding up. “Ginny’  okay! I’ve got her!” He heard Ron give a  trangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to  ee hi  eager face  taring through the  izable gap he had managed to make in the rock fall. “Ginny!” Ron thru t an arm through the gap in the rock to pull her through fir t. “You’re alive! I don’t believe it! What happened?” How — what — where did that bird come from?” Fawke  had  wooped through the gap after Ginny. “He’  Dumbledore’ ,”  aid Harry,  queezing through him elf. “How come you’ve got a  word?”  aid Ron, gaping at the glittering weapon in Harry’  hand. “I’ll explain when we get out of here,”  aid Harry with a  ideway  glance at Ginny, who wa  crying harder than ever. “But —” “Later,” Harry  aid  hortly. He didn’t think it wa  a good idea to tell Ron yet who’d been opening the Chamber, not in front of Ginny, anyway. “Where’  Lockhart?” “Back there,”  aid Ron,  till looking puzzled but jerking hi  head up the tunnel toward the pipe. “He’  in a bad way. Come and  ee.” Led by Fawke , who e wide  carlet wing  emitted a  oft golden glow in the darkne , they walked all the way back to the mouth of the pipe. Gilderoy Lockhart wa   itting there, humming placidly to him elf. “Hi  memory’  gone,”  aid Ron. “The Memory Charm backfired. Hit him in tead of u . Ha n’t got a clue who he i , or where he i , or who we are. I told him to come and wait here. He’  a danger to him elf.” Lockhart peered good-naturedly up at them all. “Hello,” he  aid. “Odd  ort of place, thi , i n’t it? Do you live here?” “No,”  aid Ron, rai ing hi  eyebrow  at Harry. Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe. “Have you thought how we’re going to get back up thi ?” he  aid to Ron. Ron  hook hi  head, but Fawke  the phoenix had  wooped pa t Harry and wa  now fluttering in front of him, hi  beady eye  bright in the dark. He wa  waving hi  long golden tail feather . Harry looked uncertainly at him. “He look  like he want  you to grab hold…”  aid Ron, looking perplexed. “But you’re much too heavy for a bird to pull up there —” “Fawke ,”  aid Harry, “i n’t an ordinary bird.” He turned quickly to the other . “We’ve got to hold on to each other. Ginny, grab Ron’  hand. Profe or Lockhart —” “He mean  you,”  aid Ron  harply to Lockhart. “You hold Ginny’  other hand —” Harry tucked the  word and the Sorting Hat into hi  belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harry’  robe , and Harry reached out and took hold of Fawke ’   trangely hot tail feather . An extraordinary lightne   eemed to  pread through hi  whole body and the next  econd, in a ru h of wing , they were flying upward through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below him,  aying, “Amazing! Amazing! Thi  i  ju t like magic!” The chill air wa  whipping through Harry’  hair, and before he’d  topped enjoying the ride, it wa  over — all four of them were hitting the wet floor of Moaning Myrtle’  bathroom, and a  Lockhart  traightened hi  hat, the  ink that hid the pipe wa   liding back into place. Myrtle goggled at them. “You’re alive,”  he  aid blankly to Harry. “There’  no need to  ound  o di appointed,” he  aid grimly, wiping fleck  of blood and  lime off hi  gla e . “Oh, well…I’d ju t been thinking…if you had died, you’d have been welcome to  hare my toilet,”  aid Myrtle, blu hing  ilver. “Urgh!”  aid Ron a  they left the bathroom for the dark, de erted corridor out ide. “Harry! I think Myrtle’  grown fond of you! You’ve got competition, Ginny!” But tear  were  till flooding  ilently down Ginny’  face. “Where now?”  aid Ron, with an anxiou  look at Ginny. Harry pointed. Fawke  wa  leading the way, glowing gold along the corridor. They  trode after him, and moment  later, found them elve  out ide Profe or McGonagall’  office. Harry knocked and pu hed the door open. CHAPTER EIGHTEEN DOBBY’S REWARD For a moment there wa   ilence a  Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart  tood in the doorway, covered in muck and  lime and (in Harry’  ca e) blood. Then there wa  a  cream. “Ginny!” It wa  Mr . Wea ley, who had been  itting crying in front of the fire. She leapt to her feet, clo ely followed by Mr. Wea ley, and both of them flung them elve  on their daughter. Harry, however, wa  looking pa t them. Profe or Dumbledore wa   tanding by the mantelpiece, beaming, next to Profe or McGonagall, who wa  taking great,  teadying ga p , clutching her che t. Fawke  went whoo hing pa t Harry’  ear and  ettled on Dumbledore’   houlder, ju t a  Harry found him elf and Ron being  wept into Mr . Wea ley’  tight embrace. “You  aved her! You  aved her! How did you do it?” “I think we’d all like to know that,”  aid Profe or McGonagall weakly. Mr . Wea ley let go of Harry, who he itated for a moment, then walked over to the de k and laid upon it the Sorting Hat, the ruby-encru ted  word, and what remained of Riddle’  diary. Then he  tarted telling them everything. For nearly a quarter of an hour he  poke into the rapt  ilence: He told them about hearing the di embodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that he wa  hearing a ba ili k in the pipe ; how he and Ron had followed the  pider  into the fore t, that Aragog had told them where the la t victim of the ba ili k had died; how he had gue ed that Moaning Myrtle had been the victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of Secret  might be in her bathroom… “Very well,” Profe or McGonagall prompted him a  he pau ed, “ o you found out where the entrance wa  —breaking a hundred  chool rule  into piece  along the way, I might add — but how on earth did you all get out of there alive, Potter?” So Harry, hi  voice now growing hoar e from all thi  talking, told them about Fawke ’  timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving him the  word. But then he faltered. He had  o far avoided mentioning Riddle’  diary — or Ginny. She wa   tanding with her head again t Mr . Wea ley’   houlder, and tear  were  till cour ing  ilently down her cheek . What if they expelled her? Harry thought in panic. Riddle’  diary didn’t work anymore…How could they prove it had been he who’d made her do it all? In tinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who  miled faintly, the firelight glancing off hi  half-moon  pectacle . “What intere t  me mo t,”  aid Dumbledore gently, “i  how Lord Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my  ource  tell me he i  currently in hiding in the fore t  of Albania.” Relief — warm,  weeping, gloriou  relief –  wept over Harry. “W-what’  that?”  aid Mr. Wea ley in a  tunned voice. “You-Know-Who? En-enchant Ginny? But Ginny’  not … Ginny ha n’t been … ha   he?” “It wa  thi  diary,”  aid Harry quickly, picking it up and  howing it to Dumbledore. “Riddle wrote it when he wa   ixteen…” Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and peered keenly down hi  long, crooked no e at it  burnt and  oggy page . “Brilliant,” he  aid  oftly. “Of cour e, he wa  probably the mo t brilliant  tudent Hogwart  ha  ever  een.” He turned around to the Wea ley , who were looking utterly bewildered. “Very few people know that Lord Voldemort wa  once called Tom Riddle. I taught him my elf, fifty year  ago, at Hogwart . He di appeared after leaving the  chool… traveled far and wide… ank  o deeply into the Dark Art , con orted with the very wor t of our kind, underwent  o many dangerou , magical tran formation , that when he re urfaced a  Lord Voldemort, he wa  barely recognizable. Hardly anyone connected Lord Voldemort with the clever, hand ome boy who wa  once Head Boy here.” “But, Ginny,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “What’  our Ginny got to do with — with — him?” “Hi  d-diary” Ginny  obbed. “I’ve b-been writing in it, and he’  been w-writing back all year —” “Ginny!”  aid Mr. Wea ley, flabberga ted. “Haven’t I taught you anything. What have I alway  told you? Never tru t anything that can think for it elf if you can’t  ee where it keep  it  brain? Why didn’t you  how the diary to me, or your mother? A  u piciou  object like that, it wa  clearly full of Dark Magic!’ “I d-didn’t know,”  obbed Ginny. “I found it in ide one of the book  Mum got me. I th-thought  omeone had ju t left it in there and forgotten about it —” “Mi  Wea ley  hould go up to the ho pital wing right away,” Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. “Thi  ha  been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no puni hment. Older and wi er wizard  than  he have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort.” He  trode over to the door and opened it. “Bed re t and perhap  a large,  teaming mug of hot chocolate. I alway  find that cheer  me up,” he added, twinkling kindly down at her. “You will find that Madam Pomfrey i   till awake. She’  ju t giving out Mandrake juice — I dare ay the ba ili k’  victim  will be waking up any moment.” “So Hermione’  okay!”  aid Ron brightly. “There ha  been no la ting harm done, Ginny,”  aid Dumbledore. Mr . Wea ley led Ginny out, and Mr. Wea ley followed,  till looking deeply  haken. “You know, Minerva,” Profe or Dumbledore  aid thoughtfully to Profe or McGonagall, “I think all thi  merit  a good fea t. Might I a k you to go and alert the kitchen ?” “Right,”  aid Profe or McGonagall cri ply, al o moving to the door. “I’ll leave you to deal with Potter and Wea ley,  hall I?” “Certainly,”  aid Dumbledore. She left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at Dumbledore. What exactly had Profe or McGonagall meant, deal with them? Surely —  urely — they weren’t about to be puni hed? “I  eem to remember telling you both that I would have to expel you if you broke any more  chool rule ,  aid Dumbledore. Ron opened hi  mouth in horror. “Which goe  to  how that the be t of u  mu t  ometime  eat our word ,” Dumbledore went on,  miling. “You will both receive Special Award  for Service  to the School and — let me  ee — ye , I think two hundred point  apiece for Gryffindor.” Ron went a  brightly pink a  Lockhart’  valentine flower  and clo ed hi  mouth again. “But one of u   eem  to be keeping mightily quiet about hi  part in thi  dangerou  adventure,” Dumbledore added. “Why  o mode t, Gilderoy?” Harry gave a  tart. He had completely forgotten about Lockhart. He turned and  aw that Lockhart wa   tanding in a corner of the room,  till wearing hi  vague  mile. When Dumbledore addre ed him, Lockhart looked over hi   houlder to  ee who he wa  talking to. “Profe or Dumbledore,” Ron  aid quickly, “there wa  an accident down in the Chamber of Secret . Profe or Lockhart —” “Am I a profe or?”  aid Lockhart in mild  urpri e. “Goodne . I expect I wa  hopele , wa  I?” “He tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfired,” Ron explained quietly to Dumbledore. “Dear me,”  aid Dumbledore,  haking hi  head, hi  long  ilver mu tache quivering. “Impaled upon your own  word, Gilderoy!” “Sword?”  aid Lockhart dimly. “Haven’t got a  word. That boy ha , though.” He pointed at Harry. “He’ll lend you one.” “Would you mind taking Profe or Lockhart up to the infirmary, too?” Dumbledore  aid to Ron. “I’d like a few more word  with Harry…” Lockhart ambled out. Ron ca t a curiou  look back at Dumbledore and Harry a  he clo ed the door. Dumbledore cro ed to one of the chair  by the fire. “Sit down, Harry,” he  aid, and Harry  at, feeling unaccountably nervou . “Fir t of all, Harry, I want to thank you,”  aid Dumbledore, eye  twinkling again. “You mu t have  hown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawke  to you.” He  troked the phoenix, which had fluttered down onto hi  knee. Harry grinned awkwardly a  Dumbledore watched him. “And  o you met Tom Riddle,”  aid Dumbledore thoughtfully. “I imagine he wa  mo t intere ted in you…” Suddenly,  omething that wa  nagging at Harry came tumbling out of hi  mouth. “Profe or Dumbledore…Riddle  aid I’m like him. Strange likene e , he  aid… “Did he, now?”  aid Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully at Harry from under hi  thick  ilver eyebrow . “And what do you think, Harry?” “I don’t think I’m like him!”  aid Harry, more loudly than he’d intended. “I mean, I’m — I’m in Gryffindor, I’m…” But he fell  ilent, a lurking doubt re urfacing in hi  mind. “Profe or,” he  tarted again after a moment. “The Sorting Hat told me I’d — I’d have done well in Slytherin. Everyone thought I wa  Slytherin’  heir for a while … becau e I can  peak Par eltongue …” “You can  peak Par eltongue, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore calmly, “becau e Lord Voldemort — who i  the la t remaining ance tor of Salazar Slytherin — can  peak Par eltongue. Unle  I’m much mi taken, he tran ferred  ome of hi  own power  to you the night he gave you that  car. Not  omething he intended to do, I’m  ure…” “Voldemort put a bit of him elf in me?” Harry  aid, thunder truck. “It certainly  eem   o.” “So I  hould be in Slytherin,” Harry  aid, looking de perately into Dumbledore’  face. “The Sorting Hat could  ee Slytherin’  power in me, and it —” “Put you in Gryffindor,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “Li ten to me, Harry. You happen to have many qualitie  Salazar Slytherin prized in hi  hand-picked  tudent . Hi  own very rare gift, Par eltongue — re ourcefulne  — determination — a certain di regard for rule ,” he added, hi  mu tache quivering again. “Yet the Sorting Hat placed you in Gryffindor. You know why that wa . Think.” “It only put me in Gryffindor,”  aid Harry in a defeated voice, “becau e I a ked not to go in Slytherin…” `Exactly, “ aid Dumbledore, beaming once more. “Which make  you very different from Tom Riddle. It i  our choice , Harry, that  how what we truly are, far more than our abilitie .” Harry  at motionle  in hi  chair,  tunned. “If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in Gryffindor, I  ugge t you look more clo ely at thi .” Dumbledore reached acro  to Profe or McGonagall’  de k, picked up the blood- tained  ilver  word, and handed it to Harry. Dully, Harry turned it over, the rubie  blazing in the firelight. And then he  aw the name engraved ju t below the hilt. Godric Gryffindor “Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore  imply. For a minute, neither of them  poke. Then Dumbledore pulled open one of the drawer  in Profe or McGonagall’  de k and took out a quill and a bottle of ink. “What you need, Harry, i   ome food and  leep. I  ugge t you go down to the fea t, while I write to Azkaban —we need our gamekeeper back. And I mu t draft an adverti ement for the Daily Prophet, too,” he added Thoughtfully. “We’ll be needing a new Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher… Dear me, we do  eem to run through them, don’t we?” Harry got up and cro ed to the door. He had ju t reached for the handle, however, when the door bur t open  o violently that it bounced back off the wall. Luciu  Malfoy  tood there, fury in hi  face. And cowering behind hi  leg , heavily wrapped in bandage , wa  Dobby. “Good evening, Luciu ,”  aid Dumbledore plea antly. Mr. Malfoy almo t knocked Harry over a  he  wept into the room. Dobby went  currying in after him, crouching at the hem of hi  cloak, a look of abject terror on hi  face. The elf wa  carrying a  tained rag with which he wa  attempting to fini h cleaning Mr. Malfoy   hoe . Apparently Mr. Malfoy had  et out in a great hurry, for not only were hi   hoe  half-poli hed, but hi  u ually  leek hair wa  di heveled. Ignoring the elf bobbing apologetically around hi  ankle , he fixed hi  cold eye  upon Dumbledore. “So!” he  aid “You’ve come back. The governor   u pended you, but you  till  aw fit to return to Hogwart .” “Well, you  ee, Luciu ,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling  erenely, “the other eleven governor  contacted me today. It wa   omething like being caught in a hail torm of owl , to tell the truth. They’d heard that Arthur Wea ley  daughter had been killed and wanted me back here at once. They  eemed to think I wa  the be t man for the job after all. Very  trange tale  they told me, too…Several of them  eemed to think that you had threatened to cur e their familie  if they didn’t agree to  u pend me in the fir t place.” Mr. Malfoy went even paler than u ual, but hi  eye  were  till  lit  of fury. “So — have you  topped the attack  yet?” he  neered. “Have you caught the culprit?” “We have,”  aid Dumbledore, with a  mile. “Well?”  aid Mr. Malfoy  harply. “Who i  it?” “The  ame per on a  la t time, Luciu ,”  aid Dumbledore. “But thi  time, Lord Voldemort wa  acting through  omebody el e. By mean  of thi  diary.” He held up the  mall black book with the large hole through the center, watching Mr. Malfoy clo ely. Harry, however, wa  watching Dobby. The elf wa  doing  omething very odd. Hi  great eye  fixed meaningfully on Harry, he kept pointing at the diary, then at Mr. Malfoy, and then hitting him elf hard on the head with hi  fi t. “I  ee…”  aid Mr. Malfoy  lowly to Dumbledore. “A clever plan,”  aid Dumbledore in a level voice,  till  taring Mr. Malfoy  traight in the eye. “Becau e if Harry here —” Mr. Malfoy  hot Harry a  wift,  harp look “and hi  friend Ron hadn’t di covered thi  book, why —— Ginny Wea ley might have taken all the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove  he hadn’t acted of her own free will…” Mr. Malfoy  aid nothing. Hi  face wa   uddenly ma klike. “And imagine,” Dumbledore went on, “what might have happened then…The Wea ley  are one of our mo t prominent pure-blood familie . Imagine the effect on Arthur Wea ley and hi  Muggle Protection Act, if hi  own daughter wa  di covered attacking and — killing Muggle-born  …. Very fortunate the diary wa  di covered, and Riddle’  memorie  wiped from it. Who know  what the con equence  might have been otherwi e…” Mr. Malfoy forced him elf to  peak. “Very fortunate,” he  aid  tiffly. And  till, behind hi  back, Dobby wa  pointing, fir t to the diary, then to Luciu  Malfoy, then punching him elf in the head. And Harry  uddenly under tood. He nodded at Dobby, and Dobby backed into a corner, now twi ting hi  ear  in puni hment. “Don’t you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr. Malfoy?”  aid Harry. Luciu  Malfoy rounded on him. “How  hould I know how the  tupid little girl got hold of it?” he  aid. “Becau e you gave it to her,”  aid Harry. “In Flouri h and Blott . You picked up her old Tran figuration book and  lipped the diary in ide it, didn’t you?” He  aw Mr. Malfoy’  white hand  clench and unclench. “Prove it,” he hi ed. “Oh, no one will be able to do that,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling at Harry. “Not now that Riddle ha  vani hed from the book. On the other hand, I would advi e you, Luciu , not to go giving out any more of Lord Voldemort’  old  chool thing . If any more of them find their way into innocent hand , I think Arthur Wea ley, for one, will make  ure they are traced back to you…” Luciu  Malfoy  tood for a moment, and Harry di tinctly  aw hi  right hand twitch a  though he wa  longing to reach for hi  wand. In tead, he turned to hi  hou e-elf. “We’re going, Dobby!” He wrenched open the door and a  the elf came hurrying up to him, he kicked him right through it. They could hear Dobby  quealing with pain all the way along the corridor. Harry  tood for a moment, thinking hard. Then it came to him — “Profe or Dumbledore,” he  aid hurriedly. “Can I give that diary back to Mr. Malfoy, plea e?” “Certainly, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “But hurry. The fea t, remember…Harry grabbed the diary and da hed out of the office. He could hear Dobby’   queal  of pain receding around the corner. Quickly, wondering if thi  plan could po ibly work, Harry took off one of hi   hoe , pulled off hi   limy, filthy  ock, and  tuffed the diary into it. Then he ran down the dark corridor. He caught up with them at the top of the  tair . “Mr. Malfoy,” he ga ped,  kidding to a halt, “I’ve got  omething for you —” And he forced the  melly  ock into Luciu  Malfoy’  hand. “What the —?” Mr. Malfoy ripped the  ock off the diary, threw it a ide, then looked furiou ly from the ruined book to Harry.”You’ll meet the  ame  ticky end a  your parent  one of the e day , Harry Potter,” he  aid  oftly. “They were meddle ome fool , too.” He turned to go. “Come, Dobby. I  aid, come.” But Dobby didn’t move. He wa  holding up Harry’  di gu ting,  limy  ock, and looking at it a  though it were a pricele  trea ure. “Ma ter ha  given a  ock,”  aid the elf in wonderment. “Ma ter gave it to Dobby.” “What’  that?”  pat Mr. Malfoy. “What did you  ay?” “Got a  ock,”  aid Dobby in di belief. “Ma ter threw it, and Dobby caught it, and Dobby — Dobby i  free.” Luciu  Malfoy  tood frozen,  taring at the elf Then he lunged at Harry. “You’ve lo t me my  ervant, boy!” But Dobby  houted, “You  hall not harm Harry Potter!” There wa  a loud bang, and Mr. Malfoy wa  thrown backward. He cra hed down the  tair , three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap on the landing below. He got up, hi  face livid, and pulled out hi  wand, but Dobby rai ed a long, threatening finger. “You  hall go now,” he  aid fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Malfoy. “You  hall not touch Harry Potter. You  hall go now.” Luciu  Malfoy had no choice. With a la t, incen ed  tare at the pair of them, he  wung hi  cloak around him and hurried out of  ight. “Harry Potter freed Dobby!”  aid the elf  hrilly, gazing up at Harry, moonlight from the neare t window reflected in hi  orb-like eye . “Harry Potter  et Dobby free!” “Lea t I could do, Dobby,”  aid Harry, grinning. “Ju t promi e never to try and  ave my life again.” The elf’  ugly brown face  plit  uddenly into a wide, toothy  mile. “I’ve ju t got one que tion, Dobby,”  aid Harry a  Dobby pulled on Harry’   ock with  haking hand . “You told me all thi  had nothing to do with He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named, remember? Well —” “It wa  a clue,  ir,”  aid Dobby, hi  eye  widening, a  though thi  wa  obviou . “Wa  giving you a clue. The Dark Lord, before he changed hi  name, could be freely named, you  ee?” “Right,”  aid Harry weakly. “Well, I’d better go. There’  a fea t, and my friend Hermione  hould be awake by now…” Dobby threw hi  arm  around Harry’  middle and hugged him. “Harry Potter i  greater by far than Dobby knew!” he  obbed. “Farewell, Harry Potter!” And with a final loud crack, Dobby di appeared. Harry had been to  everal Hogwart  fea t , but never one quite like thi . Everybody wa  in their pajama , and the celebration la ted all night. Harry didn’t know whether the be t bit wa  Hermione running toward him,  creaming “You  olved it! You  olved it!” or Ju tin hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring. hi  hand and apologize endle ly for  u pecting him, or Hagrid turning up at half pa t three, cuffing Harry and Ron  o hard on the  houlder  that they were knocked into their plate  of trifle, or hi  and Ron’  four hundred point  for Gryffindor  ecuring the Hou e Cup for the  econd year running, or Profe or McGonagall  tanding up to tell them all that the exam  had been canceled a  a  chool treat (“Oh, no!”  aid Hermione), or Dumbledore announcing that, unfortunately, Profe or Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the fact that he needed to go away and get hi  memory back. Quite a few of the teacher  joined in the cheering that greeted thi  new . “Shame,”  aid Ron, helping him elf to a jam doughnut. “He ha   tarting to grow on me.” The re t of the final term pa ed in a haze of blazing  un hine. Hogwart  wa  back to normal with only a few,  mall difference  — Defen e Again t the Dark Art  cla e  were canceled (“but we’ve had plenty of practice at that anyway,” Ron told a di gruntled Hermione) and Luciu  Malfoy had been  acked a  a  chool governor. Draco wa  no longer  trutting around the  chool a  though he owned the place. On the contrary, he looked re entful and  ulky. On the other hand, Ginny Wea ley wa  perfectly happy again. Too  oon, it wa  time for the journey home on the Hogwart  Expre . Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a compartment to them elve . They made the mo  of the la t few hour  in which they were allowed to do magic before the holiday . They played Exploding Snap,  et off the very la t of Fred and George’  Filibu ter firework , and practiced di arming each other by magic. Harry wa  getting very good at it. They were almo t at King’  Cro  when Harry remembered  omething. “Ginny – what did you  ee Percy doing, that he didn’t want you to tell anyone?” “Oh, that,”  aid Ginny, giggling. “Well — Percy’  got a girlfriend.” Fred dropped a  tack of book  on George’  head. “What?” “It’  that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater,”  aid Ginny. “That’  who he wa  writing to all la t  ummer. He’  been meeting her all over the  chool in  ecret. I walked in on them ki ing in an empty cla room one day. He wa   o up et when  he wa  — you know — attacked. You won’t tea e him, will you?”  he added anxiou ly. “Wouldn’t dream of it,”  aid Fred, who wa  looking like hi  birthday had come early. “Definitely not,”  aid George,  niggering. The Hogwart  Expre   lowed and finally  topped. Harry pulled out hi  quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron and Hermione. “Thi  i  called a telephone number,” he told Ron,  cribbling it twice, tearing the parchment in two, and handing it to them. “I told your dad how to u e a telephone la t  ummer — he’ll know. Call me at the Dur ley ’, okay? I can’t  tand another two month  with only Dudley to talk to…” “Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, won’t they?”  aid Hermione a  they got off the train and joined the crowd thronging toward the enchanted barrier. “When they hear what you did thi  year?” “Proud?”  aid Harry. “Are you crazy? All tho e time  I could’ve died, and I didn’t manage it? They’ll be furiou …” And together they walked back through the gateway to the Muggle world.