Harry Potter wa  a highly unu ual boy in many way . For one thing, he hated the  ummer holiday  more than any other time of year. For another, he really wanted to do hi  homework, but wa  forced to do it in  ecret, in the dead of night. And he al o happened to be a wizard. It wa  nearly midnight, and he wa  lying on hi  front in bed, the blanket  drawn right over hi  head like a tent, a torch in one hand and a large leather-bound book (A Hi tory of Magic, by Adalbert Waffling) propped open again t the pillow. Harry moved the tip of hi  eagle-feather quill down the page, frowning a  he looked for  omething that would help him write hi  e ay, ‘Witch-Burning in the Fourteenth Century Wa  Completely Pointle  – di cu ’. The quill pau ed at the top of a likely-looking paragraph. Harry pu hed hi  round gla e  up hi  no e, moved hi  torch clo er to the book and read: Non-magic people (more commonly known a  Muggle ) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval time , but not very good at recogni ing it. On the rare occa ion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect what oever. The witch or wizard would perform a ba ic Flame-Freezing Charm and then pretend to  hriek with pain while enjoying a gentle, tickling  en ation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burnt  o much that  he allowed her elf to be caught no fewer than forty- even time  in variou  di gui e . Harry put hi  quill between hi  teeth and reached underneath hi  pillow for hi  ink bottle and a roll of parchment. Slowly and very carefully he un crewed the ink bottle, dipped hi  quill into it and began to write, pau ing every now and then to li ten, becau e if any of the Dur ley  heard the  cratching of hi  quill on their way to the bathroom, he’d probably find him elf locked in the cupboard under the  tair  for the re t of the  ummer. The Dur ley family of number four, Privet Drive, wa  the rea on that Harry never enjoyed hi   ummer holiday . Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and their  on, Dudley, were Harry’  only living relative . They were Muggle , and they had a very medieval attitude toward  magic. Harry’  dead parent , who had been a witch and wizard them elve , were never mentioned under the Dur ley ’ roof. For year , Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had hoped that if they kept Harry a  downtrodden a  po ible, they would be able to  qua h the magic out of him. To their fury, they had been un ucce ful, and now lived in terror of anyone finding out that Harry had  pent mo t of the la t two year  at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The mo t the Dur ley  could do the e day  wa  to lock away Harry’   pellbook , wand, cauldron and broom tick at the  tart of the  ummer holiday , and forbid him to talk to the neighbour . Thi   eparation from hi   pellbook  had been a real problem for Harry, becau e hi  teacher  at Hogwart  had given him a lot of holiday work. One of the e ay , a particularly na ty one about Shrinking Potion , wa  for Harry’  lea t favourite teacher, Profe or Snape, who would be delighted to have an excu e to give Harry detention for a month. Harry had therefore  eized hi  chance in the fir t week of the holiday . Whil t Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon’  new company car (in very loud voice ,  o that the re t of the  treet would notice it too), Harry had crept down tair , picked the lock on the cupboard under the  tair , grabbed  ome of hi  book  and hidden them in hi  bedroom. A  long a  he didn’t leave  pot  of ink on the  heet , the Dur ley  need never know that he wa   tudying magic by night. Harry wa  keen to avoid trouble with hi  aunt and uncle at the moment, a  they were already in a bad mood with him, all becau e he’d received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the  chool holiday . Ron Wea ley, who wa  one of Harry’  be t friend  at Hogwart , came from a whole family of wizard . Thi  meant that he knew a lot of thing  Harry didn’t, but had never u ed a telephone before. Mo t unluckily, it had been Uncle Vernon who had an wered the call. ‘Vernon Dur ley  peaking.’ Harry, who happened to be in the room at the time, froze a  he heard Ron’  voice an wer. ‘HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I – WANT – TO – TALK – TO – HARRY – POTTER!’ Ron wa  yelling  o loudly that Uncle Vernon jumped and held the receiver a foot away from hi  ear,  taring at it with an expre ion of mingled fury and alarm. ‘WHO IS THIS?’ he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. ‘WHO ARE YOU?’ ‘RON – WEASLEY!’ Ron bellowed back, a  though he and Uncle Vernon were  peaking from oppo ite end  of a football pitch. ‘I’M – A – FRIEND – OF – HARRY’S – FROM – SCHOOL –’ Uncle Vernon’   mall eye   wivelled around to Harry, who wa  rooted to the  pot. ‘THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE!’ he roared, now holding the receiver at arm’  length, a  though frightened it might explode. ‘I DON’T KNOW WHAT SCHOOL YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT! NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN! DON’T YOU COME NEAR MY FAMILY!’ And he threw the receiver back onto the telephone a  if dropping a poi onou   pider. The row that had followed had been one of the wor t ever. ‘HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE – PEOPLE LIKE YOU!’ Uncle Vernon had roared,  praying Harry with  pit. Ron obviou ly reali ed that he’d got Harry into trouble, becau e he hadn’t called again. Harry’  other be t friend from Hogwart , Hermione Granger, hadn’t been in touch either. Harry  u pected that Ron had warned Hermione not to call, which wa  a pity, becau e Hermione, the clevere t witch in Harry’  year, had Muggle parent , knew perfectly well how to u e a telephone, and would probably have had enough  en e not to  ay that  he went to Hogwart . So Harry had had no word from any of hi  wizarding friend  for five long week , and thi   ummer wa  turning out to be almo t a  bad a  the la t one. There wa  ju t one, very  mall improvement: after  wearing that he wouldn’t u e her to  end letter  to any of hi  friend , Harry had been allowed to let hi  owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Vernon had given in becau e of the racket Hedwig made if  he wa  locked in her cage all the time. Harry fini hed writing about Wendelin the Weird and pau ed to li ten again. The  ilence in the dark hou e wa  broken only by the di tant, grunting  nore  of hi  enormou  cou in, Dudley. It mu t be very late. Harry’  eye  were itching with tiredne . Perhap  he’d fini h thi  e ay tomorrow night … He replaced the top of the ink bottle, pulled an old pillowca e from under hi  bed, put the torch, A Hi tory of Magic, hi  e ay, quill and ink in ide it, got out of bed and hid the lot under a loo e floorboard under hi  bed. Then he  tood up,  tretched, and checked the time on the luminou  alarm clock on hi  bed ide table. It wa  one o’clock in the morning. Harry’   tomach gave a funny jolt. He had been thirteen year  old, without reali ing it, for a whole hour. Yet another unu ual thing about Harry wa  how little he looked forward to hi  birthday . He had never received a birthday card in hi  life. The Dur ley  had completely ignored hi  la t two birthday , and he had no rea on to  uppo e they would remember thi  one. Harry walked acro  the dark room, pa t Hedwig’  large, empty cage, to the open window. He leaned on the  ill, the cool night air plea ant on hi  face after a long time under the blanket . Hedwig had been ab ent for two night  now. Harry wa n’t worried about her –  he’d been gone thi  long before – but he hoped  he’d be back  oon. She wa  the only living creature in thi  hou e who didn’t flinch at the  ight of him. Harry, though  till rather  mall and  kinny for hi  age, had grown a few inche  over the la t year. Hi  jet-black hair, however, wa  ju t a  it alway  had been:  tubbornly untidy, whatever he did to it. The eye  behind hi  gla e  were bright green, and on hi  forehead, clearly vi ible through hi  hair, wa  a thin  car,  haped like a bolt of lightning. Of all the unu ual thing  about Harry, thi   car wa  the mo t extraordinary of all. It wa  not, a  the Dur ley  had pretended for ten year , a  ouvenir of the car cra h that had killed Harry’  parent , becau e Lily and Jame  Potter had not died in a car cra h. They had been murdered, murdered by the mo t feared Dark wizard for a hundred year , Lord Voldemort. Harry had e caped from the  ame attack with nothing more than a  car on hi  forehead, when Voldemort’  cur e, in tead of killing him, had rebounded upon it  originator. Barely alive, Voldemort had fled … But Harry had come face to face with him  ince at Hogwart . Remembering their la t meeting a  he  tood at the dark window, Harry had to admit he wa  lucky even to have reached hi  thirteenth birthday. He  canned the  tarry  ky for a  ign of Hedwig, perhap   oaring back to him with a dead mou e dangling from her beak, expecting prai e. Gazing ab ently over the rooftop , it wa  a few  econd  before Harry reali ed what he wa   eeing. Silhouetted again t the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, wa  a large,  trangely lop- ided creature, and it wa  flapping in Harry’  direction. He  tood quite  till, watching it  ink lower and lower. For a  plit  econd, he he itated, hi  hand on the window-latch, wondering whether to  lam it  hut, but then the bizarre creature  oared over one of the  treetlamp  of Privet Drive, and Harry, reali ing what it wa , leapt a ide. Through the window  oared three owl , two of them holding up the third, which appeared to be uncon ciou . They landed with a  oft flump on Harry’  bed, and the middle owl, which wa  large and grey, keeled right over and lay motionle . There wa  a large package tied to it  leg . Harry recogni ed the uncon ciou  owl at once – hi  name wa  Errol, and he belonged to the Wea ley family. Harry da hed to the bed at once, untied the cord  around Errol’  leg , took off the parcel and then carried Errol to Hedwig’  cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thank , and began to gulp  ome water. Harry turned back to the remaining owl . One of them, the large  nowy female, wa  hi  own Hedwig. She, too, wa  carrying a parcel, and looked extremely plea ed with her elf. She gave Harry an affectionate nip with her beak a  he removed her burden, then flew acro  the room to join Errol. Harry didn’t recogni e the third owl, a hand ome tawny one, but he knew at once where it had come from, becau e in addition to a third parcel, it wa  carrying a letter bearing the Hogwart  cre t. When Harry relieved thi  owl of it  po t it ruffled it  feather  importantly,  tretched it  wing  and took off through the window into the night. Harry  at down on hi  bed, grabbed Errol’  package, ripped off the brown paper and di covered a pre ent wrapped in gold, and hi  fir t ever birthday card. Finger  trembling  lightly, he opened the envelope. Two piece  of paper fell out – a letter and a new paper cutting. The cutting had clearly come out of the wizarding new paper, the Daily Prophet, becau e the people in the black and white picture were moving. Harry picked up the cutting,  moothed it out and read: MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE Arthur Wea ley, Head of the Mi u e of Muggle Artefact  Office at the Mini try of Magic, ha  won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. A delighted Mr Wea ley told the Daily Prophet, ‘We will be  pending the gold on a  ummer holiday in Egypt, where our elde t  on, Bill, work  a  a cur e breaker for Gringott  Wizarding Bank.’ The Wea ley family will be  pending a month in Egypt, returning for the  tart of the new  chool year at Hogwart , which five of the Wea ley children currently attend. Harry  canned the moving photograph, and a grin  pread acro  hi  face a  he  aw all nine of the Wea ley  waving furiou ly at him,  tanding in front of a large pyramid. Plump little Mr  Wea ley, tall, balding Mr Wea ley,  ix  on  and one daughter, all (though the black and white picture didn’t  how it) with flaming red hair. Right in the middle of the picture wa  Ron, tall and gangling, with hi  pet rat Scabber  on hi   houlder and hi  arm around hi  little  i ter, Ginny. Harry couldn’t think of anyone who de erved to win a large pile of gold more than the Wea ley , who were very nice and extremely poor. He picked up Ron’  letter and unfolded it. Dear Harry, Happy birthday! Look, I’m really  orry about that telephone call. I hope the Muggle  didn’t give you a hard time. I a ked Dad, and he reckon  I  houldn’t have  houted. It’  brilliant here in Egypt. Bill’  taken u  round all the tomb  and you wouldn’t believe the cur e  tho e old Egyptian wizard  put on them. Mum wouldn’t let Ginny come in the la t one. There were all the e mutant  keleton  in there, of Muggle  who’d broken in and grown extra head  and  tuff. I couldn’t believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. Seven hundred galleon ! Mo t of it’  gone on thi  holiday, but they’re going to buy me a new wand for next year. Harry remembered only too well the occa ion when Ron’  old wand had  napped. It had happened when the car the two of them had been flying to Hogwart  had cra hed into a tree in the  chool ground . We’ll be back about a week before term  tart  and we’ll be going up to London to get my wand and our new book . Any chance of meeting you there? Don’t let the Muggle  get you down! Try and come to London, Ron PS: Percy’  Head Boy. He got the letter la t week. Harry glanced back at the photograph. Percy, who wa  in hi   eventh and final year at Hogwart , wa  looking particularly  mug. He had pinned hi  Head Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of hi  neat hair, hi  horn-rimmed gla e  fla hing in the Egyptian  un. Harry now turned to hi  pre ent and unwrapped it. In ide wa  what looked like a miniature gla   pinning top. There wa  another note from Ron beneath it. Harry – thi  i  a Pocket Sneako cope. If there’   omeone untru tworthy around, it’   uppo ed to light up and  pin. Bill  ay  it’  rubbi h  old for wizard touri t  and i n’t reliable, becau e it kept lighting up at dinner la t night. But he didn’t reali e Fred and George had put beetle  in hi   oup. Bye – Ron Harry put the Pocket Sneako cope on hi  bed ide table, where it  tood quite  till, balanced on it  point, reflecting the luminou  hand  of hi  clock. He looked at it happily for a few  econd , then picked up the parcel Hedwig had brought. In ide thi , too, there wa  a wrapped pre ent, a card and a letter, thi  time from Hermione. Dear Harry, Ron wrote to me and told me about hi  phone call to your Uncle Vernon. I do hope you’re all right. I’m on holiday in France at the moment and I didn’t know how I wa  going to  end thi  to you – what if they’d opened it at Cu tom ? – but then Hedwig turned up! I think  he wanted to make  ure you got  omething for your birthday for a change. I bought your pre ent by owl-order; there wa  an adverti ement in the Daily Prophet (I’ve been getting it delivered, it’   o good to keep up with what’  going on in the wizarding world). Did you  ee that picture of Ron and hi  family a week ago? I bet he’  learning load , I’m really jealou  – the ancient Egyptian wizard  were fa cinating. There’   ome intere ting local hi tory of witchcraft here, too. I’ve re-written my whole Hi tory of Magic e ay to include  ome of the thing  I’ve found out. I hope it’  not too long, it’  two roll  of parchment more than Profe or Binn  a ked for. Ron  ay  he’  going to be in London in the la t week of the holiday . Can you make it? Will your aunt and uncle let you come? I really hope you can. If not, I’ll  ee you on the Hogwart  Expre  on September the fir t! Love from Hermione PS. Ron  ay  Percy’  Head Boy. I’ll bet Percy’  really plea ed. Ron doe n’t  eem too happy about it. Harry laughed again a  he put Hermione’  letter a ide and picked up her pre ent. It wa  very heavy. Knowing Hermione, he wa   ure it would be a large book full of very difficult  pell  – but it wa n’t. Hi  heart gave a huge bound a  he ripped back the paper and  aw a  leek black leather ca e with  ilver word   tamped acro  it: Broom tick Servicing Kit. ‘Wow, Hermione!’ Harry whi pered, unzipping the ca e to look in ide. There wa  a large jar of Fleetwood’  High-Fini h Handle Poli h, a pair of gleaming  ilver Tail-Twig Clipper , a tiny bra  compa  to clip onto your broom for long journey , and a Handbook of Do-it-Your elf Broomcare. Apart from hi  friend , the thing that Harry mi ed mo t about Hogwart  wa  Quidditch, the mo t popular  port in the magical world – highly dangerou , very exciting and played on broom tick . Harry happened to be a very good Quidditch player; he had been the younge t per on in a century to be picked for one of the Hogwart  hou e team . One of Harry’  mo t prized po e ion  wa  hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and racing broom. Harry put the leather ca e a ide and picked up hi  la t parcel. He recogni ed the untidy  crawl on the brown paper at once: thi  wa  from Hagrid, the Hogwart  gamekeeper. He tore off the top layer of paper and glimp ed  omething green and leathery, but before he could unwrap it properly, the parcel gave a  trange quiver, and whatever wa  in ide it  napped loudly – a  though it had jaw . Harry froze. He knew that Hagrid would never  end him anything dangerou  on purpo e, but then, Hagrid didn’t have a normal per on’  view of what wa  dangerou . Hagrid had been known to befriend giant  pider , buy viciou , three-headed dog  from men in pub  and  neak illegal dragon egg  into hi  cabin. Harry poked the parcel nervou ly. It  napped loudly again. Harry reached for the lamp on hi  bed ide table, gripped it firmly in one hand and rai ed it over hi  head, ready to  trike. Then he  eized the re t of the wrapping paper in hi  other hand and pulled. And out fell – a book. Harry ju t had time to regi ter it  hand ome green cover, emblazoned with the golden title, The Mon ter Book of Mon ter , before it flipped onto it  edge and  cuttled  ideway  along the bed like  ome weird crab. ‘Uh oh,’ Harry muttered. The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and  huffled rapidly acro  the room. Harry followed it  tealthily. The book wa  hiding in the dark  pace under hi  de k. Praying that the Dur ley  were  till fa t a leep, Harry got down on hi  hand  and knee  and reached toward  it. ‘Ouch!’ The book  napped  hut on hi  hand and then flapped pa t him,  till  cuttling on it  cover . Harry  crambled around, threw him elf forward and managed to flatten it. Uncle Vernon gave a loud,  leepy grunt in the room next door. Hedwig and Errol watched intere tedly a  Harry clamped the  truggling book tightly in hi  arm , hurried to hi  che t of drawer  and pulled out a belt, which he buckled tightly around it. The Mon ter Book  huddered angrily, but could no longer flap and  nap,  o Harry threw it down on the bed and reached for Hagrid’  card. Dear Harry, Happy Birthday! Think you might find thi  u eful for next year. Won’t  ay no more here. Tell you when I  ee you. Hope the Muggle  are treating you right. All the be t, Hagrid It  truck Harry a  ominou  that Hagrid thought a biting book would come in u eful, but he put up Hagrid’  card next to Ron and Hermione’ , grinning more broadly than ever. Now there wa  only the letter from Hogwart  left. Noticing that it wa  rather thicker than u ual, Harry  lit open the envelope, pulled out the fir t page of parchment within and read: Dear Mr Potter, Plea e note that the new  chool year will begin on September the fir t. The Hogwart  Expre  will leave from King’  Cro  Station, platform nine and three-quarter , at eleven o’clock. Third-year  are permitted to vi it the village of Hog meade at certain weekend . Plea e give the enclo ed permi ion form to your parent or guardian to  ign. A li t of book  for next year i  enclo ed. Your   incerely, Profe or M. McGonagall Deputy Headmi tre  Harry pulled out the Hog meade permi ion form and looked at it, no longer grinning. It would be wonderful to vi it Hog meade at weekend ; he knew it wa  an entirely wizarding village, and he had never  et foot there. But how on earth wa  he going to per uade Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to  ign the form? He looked over at the alarm clock. It wa  now two o’clock in the morning. Deciding that he’d worry about the Hog meade form when he woke up, Harry got back into bed and reached up to cro  off another day on the chart he’d made for him elf, counting down the day  left until hi  return to Hogwart . Then he took off hi  gla e  and lay down, eye  open, facing hi  three birthday card . Extremely unu ual though he wa , at that moment Harry Potter felt ju t like everyone el e: glad, for the fir t time in hi  life, that it wa  hi  birthday. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TWO Aunt Marge’  Big Mi take Harry went down to breakfa t next morning to find the three Dur ley  already  itting around the kitchen table. They were watching a brand-new televi ion, a welcome-home-for-the- ummer pre ent for Dudley, who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the televi ion in the living room. Dudley had  pent mo t of the  ummer in the kitchen, hi  piggy little eye  fixed on the  creen and hi  five chin  wobbling a  he ate continually. Harry  at down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, a large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mou tache. Far from wi hing Harry a happy birthday, none of the Dur ley  gave any  ign that they had noticed Harry enter the room, but Harry wa  far too u ed to thi  to care. He helped him elf to a piece of toa t and then looked up at the new reader on the televi ion, who wa  halfway through a report on an e caped convict. ‘… the public i  warned that Black i  armed and extremely dangerou . A  pecial hotline ha  been  et up, and any  ighting of Black  hould be reported immediately.’ ‘No need to tell u  he’  no good,’  norted Uncle Vernon,  taring over the top of hi  new paper at the pri oner. ‘Look at the  tate of him, the filthy layabout! Look at hi  hair!’ He  hot a na ty look  ideway  at Harry, who e untidy hair had alway  been a  ource of great annoyance to Uncle Vernon. Compared to the man on the televi ion, however, who e gaunt face wa   urrounded by a matted, elbow-length tangle, Harry felt very well groomed indeed. The new reader had reappeared. ‘The Mini try of Agriculture and Fi herie  will announce today –’ ‘Hang on!’ barked Uncle Vernon,  taring furiou ly at the new reader. ‘You didn’t tell u  where that maniac’  e caped from! What u e i  that? Lunatic could be coming up the  treet right now!’ Aunt Petunia, who wa  bony and hor e-faced, whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window. Harry knew Aunt Petunia would  imply love to be the one to call the hotline number. She wa  the no ie t woman in the world and  pent mo t of her life  pying on her boring, law-abiding neighbour . ‘When will they learn,’  aid Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with hi  large purple fi t, ‘that hanging’  the only way to deal with the e people?’ ‘Very true,’  aid Aunt Petunia, who wa   till  quinting into next door’  runner-bean . Uncle Vernon drained hi  teacup, glanced at hi  watch and added, ‘I’d better be off in a minute, Petunia, Marge’  train get  in at ten.’ Harry, who e thought  had been up tair  with the Broom tick Servicing Kit, wa  brought back to earth with an unplea ant bump. ‘Aunt Marge?’ he blurted out. ‘Sh- he’  not coming here, i   he?’ Aunt Marge wa  Uncle Vernon’   i ter. Even though  he wa  not a blood relative of Harry’  (who e mother had been Aunt Petunia’   i ter), he had been forced to call her ‘Aunt’ all hi  life. Aunt Marge lived in the country, in a hou e with a large garden, where  he bred bulldog . She didn’t often  tay in Privet Drive, becau e  he couldn’t bear to leave her preciou  dog , but each of her vi it   tood out horribly vividly in Harry’  mind. At Dudley’  fifth birthday party, Aunt Marge had whacked Harry around the  hin  with her walking  tick to  top him beating Dudley at mu ical  tatue . A few year  later,  he had turned up at Chri tma  with a computeri ed robot for Dudley and a box of dog bi cuit  for Harry. On her la t vi it, the year before Harry had  tarted at Hogwart , Harry had accidentally trodden on the paw of her favourite dog. Ripper had cha ed Harry out into the garden and up a tree, and Aunt Marge had refu ed to call him off until pa t midnight. The memory of thi  incident  till brought tear  of laughter to Dudley’  eye . ‘Marge’ll be here for a week,’ Uncle Vernon  narled, ‘and while we’re on the  ubject,’ he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry, ‘we need to get a few thing   traight before I go and collect her.’ Dudley  mirked and withdrew hi  gaze from the televi ion. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon wa  Dudley’  favourite form of entertainment. ‘Fir tly,’ growled Uncle Vernon, ‘you’ll keep a civil tongue in your head when you’re talking to Marge.’ ‘All right,’  aid Harry bitterly, ‘if  he doe  when  he’  talking to me.’ ‘Secondly,’  aid Uncle Vernon, acting a  though he had not heard Harry’  reply, ‘a  Marge doe n’t know anything about your abnormality, I don’t want any – any funny  tuff while  he’  here. You behave your elf, got me?’ ‘I will if  he doe ,’  aid Harry through gritted teeth. ‘And thirdly,’  aid Uncle Vernon, hi  mean little eye  now  lit  in hi  great purple face, ‘we’ve told Marge you attend St Brutu ’  Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boy .’ ‘What?’ Harry yelled. ‘And you’ll be  ticking to that  tory, boy, or there’ll be trouble,’  pat Uncle Vernon. Harry  at there, white-faced and furiou ,  taring at Uncle Vernon, hardly able to believe it. Aunt Marge coming for a week-long vi it – it wa  the wor t birthday pre ent the Dur ley  had ever given him, including that pair of Uncle Vernon’  old  ock . ‘Well, Petunia,’  aid Uncle Vernon, getting heavily to hi  feet, ‘I’ll be off to the  tation, then. Want to come along for the ride, Dudder ?’ ‘No,’  aid Dudley, who e attention had returned to the televi ion now that Uncle Vernon had fini hed threatening Harry. ‘Duddy’  got to make him elf  mart for hi  auntie,’  aid Aunt Petunia,  moothing Dudley’  thick blond hair. ‘Mummy’  bought him a lovely new bow-tie.’ Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on hi  porky  houlder. ‘See you in a bit, then,’ he  aid, and he left the kitchen. Harry, who had been  itting in a kind of horrified trance, had a  udden idea. Abandoning hi  toa t, he got quickly to hi  feet and followed Uncle Vernon to the front door. Uncle Vernon wa  pulling on hi  car coat. ‘I’m not taking you,’ he  narled, a  he turned to  ee Harry watching him. ‘Like I wanted to come,’  aid Harry coldly. ‘I want to a k you  omething.’ Uncle Vernon eyed him  u piciou ly. ‘Third year  at Hog – at my  chool are allowed to vi it the village  ometime ,’  aid Harry. ‘So?’  napped Uncle Vernon, taking hi  car key  from a hook next to the door. ‘I need you to  ign the permi ion form,’  aid Harry in a ru h. ‘And why  hould I do that?’  neered Uncle Vernon. ‘Well,’  aid Harry, choo ing hi  word  carefully, ‘it’ll be hard work, pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that St What it  …’ ‘St Brutu ’  Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boy !’ bellowed Uncle Vernon, and Harry wa  plea ed to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernon’  voice. ‘Exactly,’  aid Harry, looking calmly up into Uncle Vernon’  large, purple face. ‘It’  a lot to remember. I’ll have to make it  ound convincing, won’t I? What if I accidentally let  omething  lip?’ ‘You’ll get the  tuffing knocked out of you, won’t you?’ roared Uncle Vernon, advancing on Harry with hi  fi t rai ed. But Harry  tood hi  ground. ‘Knocking the  tuffing out of me won’t make Aunt Marge forget what I could tell her,’ he  aid grimly. Uncle Vernon  topped, hi  fi t  till rai ed, hi  face an ugly puce. ‘But if you  ign my permi ion form,’ Harry went on quickly, ‘I  wear I’ll remember where I’m  uppo ed to go to  chool, and I’ll act like a Mug – like I’m normal and everything.’ Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon wa  thinking it over, even if hi  teeth were bared and a vein wa  throbbing in hi  temple. ‘Right,’ he  napped finally. ‘I  hall monitor your behaviour carefully during Marge’  vi it. If, at the end of it, you’ve toed the line and kept to the  tory, I’ll  ign your ruddy form.’ He wheeled around, pulled open the front door and  lammed it  o hard that one of the little pane  of gla  at the top fell out. Harry didn’t return to the kitchen. He went back up tair  to hi  bedroom. If he wa  going to act like a real Muggle, he’d better  tart now. Slowly and  adly he gathered up all hi  pre ent  and hi  birthday card  and hid them under the loo e floorboard with hi  homework. Then he went to Hedwig’  cage. Errol  eemed to have recovered; he and Hedwig were both a leep, head  under their wing . Harry  ighed, then poked them both awake. ‘Hedwig,’ he  aid gloomily, ‘you’re going to have to clear off for a week. Go with Errol, Ron’ll look after you. I’ll write him a note, explaining. And don’t look at me like that’ – Hedwig’  large amber eye  were reproachful, ‘it’  not my fault. It’  the only way I’ll be allowed to vi it Hog meade with Ron and Hermione.’ Ten minute  later, Errol and Hedwig (who had a note to Ron bound to her leg)  oared out of the window and out of  ight. Harry, now feeling thoroughly mi erable, put the empty cage away in ide the wardrobe. But Harry didn’t have long to brood. In next to no time, Aunt Petunia wa   hrieking up the  tair  for Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their gue t. ‘Do  omething about your hair!’ Aunt Petunia  napped a  he reached the hall. Harry couldn’t  ee the point of trying to make hi  hair lie flat. Aunt Marge loved critici ing him,  o the untidier he looked, the happier  he would be. All too  oon, there wa  a crunch of gravel out ide a  Uncle Vernon’  car pulled back into the driveway, then the clunk of the car door , and foot tep  on the garden path. ‘Get the door!’ Aunt Petunia hi ed at Harry. A feeling of great gloom in hi   tomach, Harry pulled the door open. On the thre hold  tood Aunt Marge. She wa  very like Uncle Vernon; large, beefy and purple-faced,  he even had a mou tache, though not a  bu hy a  hi . In one hand  he held an enormou   uitca e, and tucked under the other wa  an old and evil-tempered bulldog. ‘Where’  my Dudder ?’ roared Aunt Marge. ‘Where’  my neffy poo?’ Dudley came waddling down the hall, hi  blond hair pla tered flat to hi  fat head, a bow-tie ju t vi ible under hi  many chin . Aunt Marge thru t the  uitca e into Harry’   tomach, knocking the wind out of him,  eized Dudley in a tight one-armed hug and planted a large ki  on hi  cheek. Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up with Aunt Marge’  hug  becau e he wa  well paid for it, and  ure enough, when they broke apart, Dudley had a cri p twenty-pound note clutched in hi  fat fi t. ‘Petunia!’  houted Aunt Marge,  triding pa t Harry a  though he wa  a hat- tand. Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia ki ed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw again t Aunt Petunia’  bony cheekbone. Uncle Vernon now came in,  miling jovially a  he  hut the door. ‘Tea, Marge?’ he  aid. ‘And what will Ripper take?’ ‘Ripper can have  ome tea out of my  aucer,’  aid Aunt Marge, a  they all trooped into the kitchen, leaving Harry alone in the hall with the  uitca e. But Harry wa n’t complaining; any excu e not to be with Aunt Marge wa  fine by him,  o he began to heave the ca e up tair  into the  pare bedroom, taking a  long a  he could. By the time he got back to the kitchen, Aunt Marge had been  upplied with tea and fruitcake and Ripper wa  lapping noi ily in the corner. Harry  aw Aunt Petunia wince  lightly a   peck  of tea and drool flecked her clean floor. Aunt Petunia hated animal . ‘Who’  looking after the other dog , Marge?’ Uncle Vernon a ked. ‘Oh, I’ve got Colonel Fub ter managing them,’ boomed Aunt Marge. ‘He’  retired now, good for him to have  omething to do. But I couldn’t leave poor old Ripper. He pine  if he’  away from me.’ Ripper began to growl again a  Harry  at down. Thi  directed Aunt Marge’  attention to Harry for the fir t time. ‘So!’  he barked. ‘Still here, are you?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. ‘Don’t you  ay ‘ye ’ in that ungrateful tone,’ Aunt Marge growled. ‘It’  damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you. Wouldn’t have done it my elf. You’d have gone  traight to an orphanage if you’d been dumped on my door tep.’ Harry wa  bur ting to  ay that he’d rather live in an orphanage than with the Dur ley , but the thought of the Hog meade form  topped him. He forced hi  face into a painful  mile. ‘Don’t you  mirk at me!’ boomed Aunt Marge. ‘I can  ee you haven’t improved  ince I la t  aw you. I hoped  chool would knock  ome manner  into you.’ She took a large gulp of tea, wiped her mou tache and  aid, ‘Where i  it that you  end him, again, Vernon?’ ‘St Brutu ’ ,’  aid Uncle Vernon promptly. ‘It’  a fir t-rate in titution for hopele  ca e .’ ‘I  ee,’  aid Aunt Marge. ‘Do they u e the cane at St Brutu ’ , boy?’  he barked acro  the table. ‘Er –’ Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marge’  back. ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. Then, feeling he might a  well do the thing properly, he added, ‘All the time.’ ‘Excellent,’  aid Aunt Marge. ‘I won’t have thi  namby-pamby, wi hy-wa hy non en e about not hitting people who de erve it. A good thra hing i  what’  needed in ninety-nine ca e  out of a hundred. Have you been beaten often?’ ‘Oh, yeah,’  aid Harry, ‘load  of time .’ Aunt Marge narrowed her eye . ‘I  till don’t like your tone, boy’  he  aid. ‘If you can  peak of your beating  in that ca ual way, they clearly aren’t hitting you hard enough. Petunia, I’d write if I were you. Make it clear that you approve the u e of extreme force in thi  boy’  ca e.’ Perhap  Uncle Vernon wa  worried that Harry might forget their bargain; in any ca e, he changed the  ubject abruptly. ‘Heard the new  thi  morning, Marge? What about that e caped pri oner, eh?’ * A  Aunt Marge  tarted to make her elf at home, Harry caught him elf thinking almo t longingly of life at number four without her. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia u ually encouraged Harry to  tay out of their way, which Harry wa  only too happy to do. Aunt Marge, on the other hand, wanted Harry under her eye at all time ,  o that  he could boom out  ugge tion  for hi  improvement. She delighted in comparing Harry with Dudley, and took huge plea ure in buying Dudley expen ive pre ent  whil t glaring at Harry, a  though daring him to a k why he hadn’t got a pre ent too. She al o kept throwing out dark hint  about what made Harry  uch an un ati factory per on. ‘You mu tn’t blame your elf for the way the boy’  turned out, Vernon,’  he  aid over lunch on the third day. ‘If there’   omething rotten on the in ide, there’  nothing anyone can do about it.’ Harry tried to concentrate on hi  food, but hi  hand   hook and hi  face wa   tarting to burn with anger. Remember the form, he told him elf. Think about Hog meade. Don’t  ay anything. Don’t ri e – Aunt Marge reached for her gla  of wine. ‘It’  one of the ba ic rule  of breeding,’  he  aid. ‘You  ee it all the time with dog . If there’   omething wrong with the bitch, there’ll be  omething wrong with the pup –’ At that moment, the wine gla  Aunt Marge wa  holding exploded in her hand. Shard  of gla  flew in every direction and Aunt Marge  pluttered and blinked, her great ruddy face dripping. ‘Marge!’  quealed Aunt Petunia. ‘Marge, are you all right?’ ‘Not to worry,’ grunted Aunt Marge, mopping her face with her napkin. ‘Mu t have  queezed it too hard. Did the  ame thing at Colonel Fub ter’  the other day. No need to fu , Petunia, I have a very firm grip …’ But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both looking at Harry  u piciou ly,  o he decided he’d better  kip pudding and e cape from the table a   oon a  he could. Out ide in the hall, he leaned again t the wall, breathing deeply. It had been a long time  ince he’d lo t control and made  omething explode. He couldn’t afford to let it happen again. The Hog meade form wa n’t the only thing at  take – if he carried on like that, he’d be in trouble with the Mini try of Magic. Harry wa   till an underage wizard, and he wa  forbidden by wizard law to do magic out ide  chool. Hi  record wa n’t exactly clean, either. Only la t  ummer he’d got an official warning which had  tated quite clearly that if the Mini try got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive, Harry would face expul ion from Hogwart . He heard the Dur ley  leaving the table and hurried up tair  out of the way. * Harry got through the next three day  by forcing him elf to think about hi  Handbook of Do-it-Your elf Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge  tarted on him. Thi  worked quite well, though it  eemed to give him a glazed look, becau e Aunt Marge  tarted voicing the opinion that he wa  mentally  ubnormal. At la t, at long la t, the final evening of Marge’   tay arrived. Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncorked  everal bottle  of wine. They got all the way through the  oup and the  almon without a  ingle mention of Harry’  fault ; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored them all with a long talk about Grunning , hi  drill-making company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy. ‘Can I tempt you, Marge?’ Aunt Marge had already had rather a lot of wine. Her huge face wa  very red. ‘Ju t a  mall one, then,’  he chuckled. ‘A bit more than that … and a bit more … that’  the boy.’ Dudley wa  eating hi  fourth  lice of pie. Aunt Petunia wa   ipping coffee with her little finger  ticking out. Harry really wanted to di appear into hi  bedroom, but he met Uncle Vernon’  angry little eye  and knew he would have to  it it out. ‘Aah,’  aid Aunt Marge,  macking her lip  and putting the empty brandy gla  back down. ‘Excellent no h, Petunia. It’  normally ju t a fry-up for me of an evening, with twelve dog  to look after …’ She burped richly and patted her great tweed  tomach. ‘Pardon me. But I do like to  ee a healthy- ized boy,’  he went on, winking at Dudley. ‘You’ll be a proper- ized man, Dudder , like your father. Ye , I’ll have a  pot more brandy, Vernon …’ ‘Now, thi  one here –’ She jerked her head at Harry, who felt hi   tomach clench. The Handbook, he thought quickly. ‘Thi  one’  got a mean, runty look about him. You get that with dog . I had Colonel Fub ter drown one la t year. Ratty little thing it wa . Weak. Underbred.’ Harry wa  trying to remember page twelve of hi  book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Rever er . ‘It all come  down to blood, a  I wa   aying the other day. Bad blood will out. Now, I’m  aying nothing again t your family, Petunia’ –  he patted Aunt Petunia’  bony hand with her  hovel-like one, ‘but your  i ter wa  a bad egg. They turn up in the be t familie . Then  he ran off with a wa trel and here’  the re ult right in front of u .’ Harry wa   taring at hi  plate, a funny ringing in hi  ear . Gra p your broom firmly by the tail, he thought. But he couldn’t remember what came next. Aunt Marge’  voice  eemed to be boring into him like one of Uncle Vernon’  drill . ‘Thi  Potter,’  aid Aunt Marge loudly,  eizing the brandy bottle and  pla hing more into her gla  and over the tablecloth, ‘you never told me what he did?’ Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking extremely ten e. Dudley had even looked up from hi  pie to gape at hi  parent . ‘He – didn’t work,’  aid Uncle Vernon, with half a glance at Harry. ‘Unemployed.’ ‘A  I expected!’  aid Aunt Marge, taking a huge  wig of brandy and wiping her chin on her  leeve. ‘A no-account, good-for-nothing, lazy  crounger who –’ ‘He wa  not,’  aid Harry  uddenly. The table went very quiet. Harry wa   haking all over. He had never felt  o angry in hi  life. ‘MORE BRANDY!’ yelled Uncle Vernon, who had gone very white. He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marge’  gla . ‘You, boy,’ he  narled at Harry. ‘Go to bed, go on –’ ‘No, Vernon,’ hiccoughed Aunt Marge, holding up a hand, her tiny blood hot eye  fixed on Harry’ . ‘Go on, boy, go on. Proud of your parent , are you? They go and get them elve  killed in a car cra h (drunk, I expect) –’ ‘They didn’t die in a car cra h!’  aid Harry, who found him elf on hi  feet. ‘They died in a car cra h, you na ty little liar, and left you to be a burden on their decent, hardworking relative !’  creamed Aunt Marge,  welling with fury. ‘You are an in olent, ungrateful little –’ But Aunt Marge  uddenly  topped  peaking. For a moment, it looked a  though word  had failed her. She  eemed to be  welling with inexpre ible anger – but the  welling didn’t  top. Her great red face  tarted to expand, her tiny eye  bulged and her mouth  tretched too tightly for  peech. Next  econd,  everal button  bur t from her tweed jacket and pinged off the wall  –  he wa  inflating like a mon trou  balloon, her  tomach bur ting free of her tweed wai tband, each of her finger  blowing up like a  alami … ‘MARGE!’ yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together, a  Aunt Marge’  whole body began to ri e off her chair toward  the ceiling. She wa  entirely round, now, like a va t life buoy with piggy eye , and her hand  and feet  tuck out weirdly a   he drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noi e . Ripper came  kidding into the room, barking madly. ‘NOOOOOOO!’ Uncle Vernon  eized one of Marge’  feet and tried to pull her down again, but wa  almo t lifted from the floor him elf. Next  econd, Ripper had leapt forward and  unk hi  teeth into Uncle Vernon’  leg. Harry tore from the dining room before anyone could  top him, heading for the cupboard under the  tair . The cupboard door bur t magically open a  he reached it. In  econd , he had heaved hi  trunk to the front door. He  printed up tair  and threw him elf under the bed, wrenched up the loo e floorboard and grabbed the pillowca e full of hi  book  and birthday pre ent . He wriggled out,  eized Hedwig’  empty cage and da hed back down tair  to hi  trunk, ju t a  Uncle Vernon bur t out of the dining room, hi  trou er leg in bloody tatter . ‘COME BACK IN HERE!’ he bellowed. ‘COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!’ But a reckle  rage had come over Harry. He kicked hi  trunk open, pulled out hi  wand and pointed it at Uncle Vernon. ‘She de erved it,’ Harry  aid, breathing very fa t. ‘She de erved what  he got. You keep away from me.’ He fumbled behind him for the catch on the door. ‘I’m going,’ Harry  aid. ‘I’ve had enough.’ And next moment, he wa  out in the dark, quiet  treet, heaving hi  heavy trunk behind him, Hedwig’  cage under hi  arm. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER THREE The Knight Bu  Harry wa   everal  treet  away before he collap ed onto a low wall in Magnolia Cre cent, panting from the effort of dragging hi  trunk. He  at quite  till, anger  till  urging through him, li tening to the frantic thumping of hi  heart. But after ten minute  alone in the dark  treet, a new emotion overtook him: panic. Whichever way he looked at it, he had never been in a wor e fix. He wa   tranded, quite alone, in the dark Muggle world, with ab olutely nowhere to go. And the wor t of it wa , he had ju t done  eriou  magic, which meant that he wa  almo t certainly expelled from Hogwart . He had broken the Decree for the Re triction of Underage Wizardry  o badly, he wa   urpri ed Mini try of Magic repre entative  weren’t  wooping down on him where he  at. Harry  hivered and looked up and down Magnolia Cre cent. What wa  going to happen to him? Would he be arre ted, or would he  imply be outlawed from the wizarding world? He thought of Ron and Hermione, and hi  heart  ank even lower. Harry wa   ure that, criminal or not, Ron and Hermione would want to help him now, but they were both abroad, and with Hedwig gone, he had no mean  of contacting them. He didn’t have any Muggle money, either. There wa  a little wizard gold in the moneybag at the bottom of hi  trunk, but the re t of the fortune hi  parent  had left him wa   tored in a vault at Gringott  Wizarding Bank in London. He’d never be able to drag hi  trunk all the way to London. Unle  … He looked down at hi  wand, which he wa   till clutching in hi  hand. If he wa  already expelled (hi  heart wa  now thumping painfully fa t), a bit more magic couldn’t hurt. He had the Invi ibility Cloak he had inherited from hi  father – what if he bewitched the trunk to make it feather-light, tied it to hi  broom tick, covered him elf in the Cloak and flew to London? Then he could get the re t of hi  money out of hi  vault and … begin hi  life a  an outca t. It wa  a horrible pro pect, but he couldn’t  it on thi  wall for ever or he’d find him elf trying to explain to Muggle police why he wa  out in the dead of night with a trunkful of  pellbook  and a broom tick. Harry opened hi  trunk again and pu hed the content  a ide, looking for the Invi ibility Cloak – but before he had found it, he  traightened up  uddenly, looking around him once more. A funny prickling on the back of hi  neck had made Harry feel he wa  being watched, but the  treet appeared to be de erted, and no light   hone from any of the large  quare hou e . He bent over hi  trunk again, but almo t immediately  tood up once more, hi  hand clenched on hi  wand. He had  en ed rather than heard it:  omeone or  omething wa   tanding in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind him. Harry  quinted at the black alleyway. If only it would move, then he’d know whether it wa  ju t a  tray cat or –  omething el e. ‘Lumo ,’ Harry muttered, and a light appeared at the end of hi  wand, almo t dazzling him. He held it high over hi  head, and the pebble-da hed wall  of number two  uddenly  parkled; the garage door gleamed, and between them, Harry  aw, quite di tinctly, the hulking outline of  omething very big, with wide, gleaming eye . Harry  tepped backward . Hi  leg  hit hi  trunk and he tripped. Hi  wand flew out of hi  hand a  he flung out an arm to break hi  fall, and he landed, hard, in the gutter. There wa  a deafening BANG and Harry threw up hi  hand  to  hield hi  eye  again t a  udden blinding light … With a yell, he rolled back onto the pavement, ju t in time. A  econd later, a gigantic pair of wheel  and headlight  had  creeched to a halt exactly where Harry had ju t been lying. They belonged, a  Harry  aw when he rai ed hi  head, to a triple-decker, violently purple bu , which had appeared out of thin air. Gold lettering over the wind creen  pelled The Knight Bu . For a  plit  econd, Harry wondered if he had been knocked  illy by hi  fall. Then a conductor in a purple uniform leapt out of the bu  and began to  peak loudly to the night. ‘Welcome to the Knight Bu , emergency tran port for the  tranded witch or wizard. Ju t  tick out your wand hand,  tep on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name i  Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor thi  eve –’ The conductor  topped abruptly. He had ju t caught  ight of Harry, who wa   till  itting on the ground. Harry  natched up hi  wand again and  crambled to hi  feet. Clo e to, he  aw that Stan Shunpike wa  only a few year  older than he wa ; eighteen or nineteen at mo t, with large, protruding ear  and a fair few pimple . ‘What were you doin’ down there?’  aid Stan, dropping hi  profe ional manner. ‘Fell over,’  aid Harry. ‘’Choo fall over for?’  niggered Stan. ‘I didn’t do it on purpo e,’  aid Harry, annoyed. One of the knee  in hi  jean  wa  torn, and the hand he had thrown out to break hi  fall wa  bleeding. He  uddenly remembered why he had fallen over, and turned around quickly to  tare at the alleyway between the garage and fence. The Knight Bu ’  headlamp  were flooding it with light, and it wa  empty. ‘’Choo lookin’ at?’  aid Stan. ‘There wa  a big black thing,’  aid Harry, pointing uncertainly into the gap. ‘Like a dog … but ma ive …’ He looked around at Stan, who e mouth wa   lightly open. With a feeling of unea e, Harry  aw Stan’  eye  move to the  car on Harry’  forehead. ‘Wo  that on your ’ead?’  aid Stan abruptly. ‘Nothing,’  aid Harry quickly, flattening hi  hair over hi   car. If the Mini try of Magic wa  looking for him, he didn’t want to make it too ea y for them. ‘Wo  your name?’ Stan per i ted. ‘Neville Longbottom,’  aid Harry,  aying the fir t name that came into hi  head. ‘So –  o thi  bu ,’ he went on quickly, hoping to di tract Stan, ‘did you  ay it goe  anywhere?’ ‘Yep,’  aid Stan proudly, ‘anywhere you like, long’  it’  on land. Can’t do nuffink underwater. ’Ere,’ he  aid, looking  u piciou  again, ‘you did flag u  down, dincha? Stuck out your wand ’and, dincha?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘Li ten, how much would it be to get to London?’ ‘Eleven Sickle ,’  aid Stan, ‘but for firteen you get ’ot chocolate, and for fifteen you get an ’ot-water bottle an’ a toofbru h in the colour of your choice.’ Harry rummaged once more in hi  trunk, extracted hi  money bag and  hoved  ome  ilver into Stan’  hand. He and Stan then lifted hi  trunk, with Hedwig’  cage balanced on top, up the  tep  of the bu . There were no  eat ; in tead, half-a-dozen bra  bed tead   tood be ide the curtained window . Candle  were burning in bracket  be ide each bed, illuminating the wood-panelled wall . A tiny wizard in a nightcap at the rear of the bu  muttered, ‘Not now, thank , I’m pickling  ome  lug ,’ and rolled over in hi   leep. ‘You ’ave thi  one,’ Stan whi pered,  hoving Harry’  trunk under the bed right behind the driver, who wa   itting in an armchair in front of the  teering wheel. ‘Thi  i  our driver, Ernie Prang. Thi  i  Neville Longbottom, Ern.’ Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very thick gla e , nodded to Harry, who nervou ly flattened hi  fringe again and  at down on hi  bed. ‘Take ’er away, Ern,’  aid Stan,  itting down in the armchair next to Ernie’ . There wa  another tremendou  BANG, and next moment Harry found him elf flat on hi  bed, thrown backward  by the  peed of the Knight Bu . Pulling him elf up, Harry  tared out of the dark window and  aw that they were now bowling along a completely different  treet. Stan wa  watching Harry’   tunned face with great enjoyment. ‘Thi  i  where we wa  before you flagged u  down,’ he  aid. ‘Where are we, Ern? Somewhere in Wale ?’ ‘Ar,’  aid Ernie. ‘How come the Muggle  don’t hear the bu ?’  aid Harry. ‘Them!’  aid Stan contemptuou ly. ‘Don’ li ten properly, do they? Don’ look properly either. Never notice nuffink, they don’.’ ‘Be t go wake up Madam Mar h, Stan,’  aid Ern. ‘We’ll be in Abergavenny in a minute.’ Stan pa ed Harry’  bed and di appeared up a narrow wooden  tairca e. Harry wa   till looking out of the window, feeling increa ingly nervou . Ernie didn’t  eem to have ma tered the u e of a  teering wheel. The Knight Bu  kept mounting the pavement, but it didn’t hit anything; line  of lamp po t , letter boxe  and bin  jumped out of it  way a  it approached and back into po ition once it had pa ed. Stan came back down tair , followed by a faintly green witch wrapped in a travelling cloak. ‘’Ere you go, Madam Mar h,’  aid Stan happily, a  Ern  tamped on the brake and the bed   lid a foot or  o toward  the front of the bu . Madam Mar h clamped a handkerchief to her mouth and tottered down the  tep . Stan threw her bag out after her and rammed the door   hut; there wa  another loud BANG, and they were thundering down a narrow country lane, tree  leaping out of the way. Harry wouldn’t have been able to  leep even if he had been travelling on a bu  that didn’t keep banging loudly and jumping a hundred mile  at a time. Hi   tomach churned a  he fell back to wondering what wa  going to happen to him, and whether the Dur ley  had managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet. Stan had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and wa  now reading with hi  tongue between hi  teeth. A large photograph of a  unken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked  lowly at Harry from the front page. He looked  trangely familiar. ‘That man!’ Harry  aid, forgetting hi  trouble  for a moment. ‘He wa  on the Muggle new !’ Stanley turned to the front page and chuckled. ‘Siriu  Black,’ he  aid, nodding. ‘’Cour e ’e wa  on the Muggle new , Neville. Where you been?’ He gave a  uperior  ort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry’  face, removed the front page and handed it to Harry. ‘You oughta read the paper  more, Neville.’ Harry held the paper up to the candlelight and read: BLACK STILL AT LARGE Siriu  Black, po ibly the mo t infamou  pri oner ever to be held in Azkaban fortre , i   till eluding capture, the Mini try of Magic confirmed today. ‘We are doing all we can to recapture Black,’  aid the Mini ter for Magic, Corneliu  Fudge, thi  morning, ‘and we beg the magical community to remain calm.’ Fudge ha  been critici ed by  ome member  of the International Federation of Warlock  for informing the Muggle Prime Mini ter of the cri i . ‘Well, really, I had to, don’t you know,’  aid an irritable Fudge. ‘Black i  mad. He’  a danger to anyone who cro e  him, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Mini ter’  a urance that he will not breathe a word of Black’  true identity to anyone. And let’  face it – who’d believe him if he did?’ ‘While Muggle  have been told that Black i  carrying a gun (a kind of metal wand which Muggle  u e to kill each other), the magical community live  in fear of a ma acre like that of twelve year  ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a  ingle cur e.’ Harry looked into the  hadowed eye  of Siriu  Black, the only part of the  unken face that  eemed alive. Harry had never met a vampire, but he had  een picture  of them in hi  Defence Again t the Dark Art  cla e , and Black, with hi  waxy white  kin, looked ju t like one. ‘Scary-lookin’ fing, inee?’  aid Stan, who had been watching Harry read. ‘He murdered thirteen people?’  aid Harry, handing the page back to Stan, ‘with one cur e?’ ‘Yep,’  aid Stan. ‘In front of witne e  an’ all. Broad daylight. Big trouble it cau ed, dinnit, Ern?’ ‘Ar,’  aid Ern darkly. Stan  wivelled in hi  armchair, hi  hand  on the back, the better to look at Harry. ‘Black woz a big  upporter of You-Know-’Oo,’ he  aid. ‘What, Voldemort?’  aid Harry, without thinking. Even Stan’  pimple  went white; Ern jerked the  teering wheel  o hard that a whole farmhou e had to jump a ide to avoid the bu . ‘You outta your tree?’ yelped Stan. ‘’Choo  ay ’i  name for?’ ‘Sorry,’  aid Harry ha tily. ‘Sorry, I – I forgot –’ ‘Forgot!’  aid Stan weakly. ‘Blimey, my ’eart’  goin’ that fa t …’ ‘So –  o Black wa  a  upporter of You-Know-Who?’ Harry prompted apologetically. ‘Yeah,’  aid Stan,  till rubbing hi  che t. ‘Yeah, that’  right. Very clo e to You-Know-’Oo, they  ay … anyway, when little ’Arry Potter put paid to You-Know-’Oo’ – Harry nervou ly flattened hi  fringe down again – ‘all You-Know-’Oo’   upporter  wa  tracked down, wa n’t they, Ern? Mo t of ’em knew it wa  all over, wiv You-Know-’Oo gone, and they came quiet. But not Siriu  Black. I ’eard he thought ’e’d be  econd-in-command once You-Know-’Oo ’ad taken over. ‘Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a  treet full of Muggle  an’ Black took out ’i  wand and ’e bla ted ’alf the  treet apart, an’ a wizard got it, an’  o did a dozen Muggle  what got in the way. ’Orrible, eh? An’ you know what Black did then?’ Stan continued in a dramatic whi per. ‘What?’  aid Harry. ‘Laughed,’  aid Stan. ‘Ju ’  tood there an’ laughed. An’ when reinforcement  from the Mini try of Magic got there, ’e went wiv ’em quiet a  anyfink,  till laughing ’i  ’ead off. ’Co  ’e’  mad, inee, Ern? Inee mad?’ ‘If he weren’t when he went to Azkaban, he will be now,’  aid Ern in hi   low voice. ‘I’d blow me elf up before I  et foot in that place. Serve  him right, mind … after what he did …’ ‘They ’ad a job coverin’ it up, din’ they, Ern?’ Stan  aid. ‘’Ole  treet blown up an’ all them Muggle  dead. What wa  it they  aid ’ad ’appened, Ern?’ ‘Ga  explo ion,’ grunted Ernie. ‘An’ now ’e’  out,’  aid Stan, examining the new paper picture of Black’  gaunt face again. ‘Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, ’a  there, Ern? Beat  me ’ow ’e did it. Frightenin’, eh? Mind, I don’t fancy ’i  chance  again t them Azkaban guard , eh, Ern?’ Ernie  uddenly  hivered. ‘Talk about  ummat el e, Stan, there’  a good lad. Them Azkaban guard  give me the collywobble .’ Stan put the paper away reluctantly and Harry leaned again t the window of the Knight Bu , feeling wor e than ever. He couldn’t help imagining what Stan might be telling hi  pa enger  in a few night ’ time. ‘’Ear about that ’Arry Potter? Blew up ’i  Aunt! We ’ad ’im ’ere on the Knight Bu , di’n’t we, Ern? ’E wa  tryin’ to run for it …’ He, Harry, had broken wizard law ju t like Siriu  Black. Wa  inflating Aunt Marge bad enough to land him in Azkaban? Harry didn’t know anything about the wizard pri on, though everyone he’d ever heard  peak of it did  o in the  ame fearful tone. Hagrid the Hogwart  gamekeeper had  pend two month  there only la t year. Harry wouldn’t  oon forget the look of terror on Hagrid’  face when he had been told where he wa  going, and Hagrid wa  one of the brave t people Harry knew. The Knight Bu  rolled through the darkne ,  cattering bu he  and bollard , telephone boxe  and tree , and Harry lay, re tle  and mi erable, on hi  feather bed. After a while, Stan remembered that Harry had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over Harry’  pillow when the bu  moved abruptly from Angle ea to Aberdeen. One by one, wizard  and witche  in dre ing gown  and  lipper  de cended from the upper floor  to leave the bu . They all looked very plea ed to go. Finally, Harry wa  the only pa enger left. ‘Right then, Neville,’  aid Stan, clapping hi  hand , ‘whereabout  in London?’ ‘Diagon Alley’  aid Harry. ‘Righto,’  aid Stan, ‘’old tight, then …’ BANG They were thundering along Charing Cro  Road. Harry  at up and watched building  and benche   queezing them elve  out of the Knight Bu ’  way. The  ky wa  getting a little lighter. He would lie low for a couple of hour , go to Gringott  the moment it opened, then  et off – where, he didn’t know. Ern  lammed on the brake  and the Knight Bu   kidded to a halt in front of a  mall and  habby-looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay the magical entrance to Diagon Alley. ‘Thank ,’ Harry  aid to Ern. He jumped down the  tep  and helped Stan lower hi  trunk and Hedwig’  cage onto the pavement. ‘Well,’  aid Harry, ‘bye then!’ But Stan wa n’t paying attention. Still  tanding in the doorway to the bu , he wa  goggling at the  hadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron. ‘There you are, Harry’  aid a voice. Before Harry could turn, he felt a hand on hi   houlder. At the  ame time, Stan  houted, ‘Blimey! Ern, come ’ere! Come ’ere!’ Harry looked up at the owner of the hand on hi   houlder and felt a bucketful of ice ca cade into hi   tomach – he had walked right into Corneliu  Fudge, the Mini ter for Magic him elf. Stan leapt onto the pavement be ide them. ‘What didja call Neville, Mini ter?’ he  aid excitedly. Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pin triped cloak, looked cold and exhau ted. ‘Neville?’ he repeated, frowning. ‘Thi  i  Harry Potter.’ ‘I knew it!’ Stan  houted gleefully. ‘Ern! Ern! Gue  ’oo Neville i , Ern! ’E’  ’Arry Potter! I can  ee ’i   car!’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Fudge te tily. ‘Well, I’m very glad the Knight Bu  picked Harry up, but he and I need to  tep in ide the Leaky Cauldron now …’ Fudge increa ed the pre ure on Harry’   houlder, and Harry found him elf being  teered in ide the pub. A  tooping figure bearing a lantern appeared through the door behind the bar. It wa  Tom, the wizened, toothle  landlord. ‘You’ve got him, Mini ter!’  aid Tom. ‘Will you be wanting anything? Beer? Brandy?’ ‘Perhap  a pot of tea,’  aid Fudge, who  till hadn’t let go of Harry. There wa  a loud  craping and puffing from behind them, and Stan and Ern appeared, carrying Harry’  trunk and Hedwig’  cage and looking around excitedly. ‘’Ow come you di’n’t tell u  ’oo you are, eh, Neville?’  aid Stan, beaming at Harry, while Ernie’  owli h face peered intere tedly over Stan’   houlder. ‘And a private parlour, plea e, Tom,’  aid Fudge pointedly. ‘Bye,’ Harry  aid mi erably to Stan and Ern, a  Tom beckoned Fudge toward  the pa age that led from the bar. ‘Bye, Neville!’ called Stan. Fudge marched Harry along the narrow pa age after Tom’  lantern, and then into a  mall parlour. Tom clicked hi  finger , a fire bur t into life in the grate, and he bowed him elf out of the room. ‘Sit down, Harry,’  aid Fudge, indicating a chair by the fire. Harry  at down, feeling goo ebump  ri ing up hi  arm  de pite the glow of the fire. Fudge took off hi  pin triped cloak and to ed it a ide, then hitched up the trou er  of hi  bottle-green  uit and  at down oppo ite Harry. ‘I am Corneliu  Fudge, Harry. The Mini ter for Magic.’ Harry already knew thi , of cour e; he had  een Fudge once before, but a  he had been wearing hi  father’  Invi ibility Cloak at the time, Fudge wa n’t to know that. Tom the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over hi  night hirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpet . He placed the tray on a table between Fudge and Harry, and left the parlour, clo ing the door behind him. ‘Well, Harry,’  aid Fudge, pouring out tea, ‘you’ve had u  all in a right flap, I don’t mind telling you. Running away from your aunt and uncle’  hou e like that! I’d  tarted to think … but you’re  afe, and that’  what matter .’ Fudge buttered him elf a crumpet and pu hed the plate toward  Harry. ‘Eat, Harry, you look dead on your feet. Now then … You will be plea ed to hear that we have dealt with the unfortunate blowing-up of Mi  Marjorie Dur ley. Two member  of the Accidental Magic Rever al Department were di patched to Privet Drive a few hour  ago. Mi  Dur ley ha  been punctured and her memory ha  been modified. She ha  no recollection of the incident at all. So that’  that, and no harm done.’ Fudge  miled at Harry over the rim of hi  teacup, rather like an uncle  urveying a favourite nephew. Harry, who couldn’t believe hi  ear , opened hi  mouth to  peak, couldn’t think of anything to  ay, and clo ed it again. ‘Ah, you’re worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?’  aid Fudge. ‘Well, I won’t deny that they are extremely angry, Harry, but they are prepared to take you back next  ummer a  long a  you  tay at Hogwart  for the Chri tma  and Ea ter holiday .’ Harry un tuck hi  throat. ‘I alway   tay at Hogwart  for the Chri tma  and Ea ter holiday ,’ he  aid, ‘and I don’t ever want to go back to Privet Drive.’ ‘Now, now, I’m  ure you’ll feel differently once you’ve calmed down,’  aid Fudge in a worried tone. ‘They are your family, after all, and I’m  ure you are fond of each other – er – very deep down.’ It didn’t occur to Harry to put Fudge right. He wa   till waiting to hear what wa  going to happen to him now. ‘So all that remain ,’  aid Fudge, now buttering him elf a  econd crumpet, ‘i  to decide where you’re going to  pend the la t two week  of your holiday . I  ugge t you take a room here at the Leaky Cauldron and –’ ‘Hang on,’ blurted Harry, ‘what about my puni hment?’ Fudge blinked. ‘Puni hment?’ ‘I broke the law!’ Harry  aid. ‘The Decree for the Re triction of Underage Wizardry!’ ‘Oh, my dear boy, we’re not going to puni h you for a little thing like that!’ cried Fudge, waving hi  crumpet impatiently. ‘It wa  an accident! We don’t  end people to Azkaban ju t for blowing up their aunt !’ But thi  didn’t tally at all with Harry’  pa t dealing  with the Mini try of Magic. ‘La t year, I got an official warning ju t becau e a hou e-elf  ma hed a pudding in my uncle’  hou e!’  aid Harry, frowning. ‘The Mini try of Magic  aid I’d be expelled from Hogwart  if there wa  any more magic there!’ Unle  Harry’  eye  were deceiving him, Fudge wa   uddenly looking awkward. ‘Circum tance  change, Harry … we have to take into account … in the pre ent climate …  urely you don’t want to be expelled?’ ‘Of cour e I don’t,’  aid Harry. ‘Well then, what’  all the fu  about?’ laughed Fudge airily. ‘Now, have a crumpet, Harry, while I go and  ee if Tom’  got a room for you.’ Fudge  trode out of the parlour and Harry  tared after him. There wa   omething extremely odd going on. Why had Fudge been waiting for him at the Leaky Cauldron, if not to puni h him for what he’d done. And now Harry came to think of it,  urely it wa n’t u ual for the Mini ter for Magic him elf to get involved in matter  of underage magic? Fudge came back, accompanied by Tom the innkeeper. ‘Room eleven’  free, Harry,’  aid Fudge. ‘I think you’ll be very comfortable. Ju t one thing, and I’m  ure you’ll under tand: I don’t want you wandering off into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alley. And you’re to be back here before dark each night. Sure you’ll under tand. Tom will be keeping an eye on you for me.’ ‘OK,’  aid Harry  lowly, ‘but why –?’ ‘Don’t want to lo e you again, do we?’  aid Fudge with a hearty laugh. ‘No, no … be t we know where you are … I mean …’ Fudge cleared hi  throat loudly and picked up hi  pin triped cloak. ‘Well, I’ll be off, plenty to do, you know.’ ‘Have you had any luck with Black yet?’ Harry a ked. Fudge’  finger   lipped on the  ilver fa tening  of hi  cloak. ‘What’  that? Oh, you’ve heard – well, no, not yet, but it’  only a matter of time. The Azkaban guard  have never yet failed … and they are angrier than I’ve ever  een them.’ Fudge  huddered  lightly. ‘So, I’ll  ay goodbye.’ He held out hi  hand and Harry,  haking it, had a  udden idea. ‘Er – Mini ter? Can I a k you  omething?’ ‘Certainly’  miled Fudge. ‘Well, third year  at Hogwart  are allowed to vi it Hog meade, but my aunt and uncle didn’t  ign the permi ion form. D’you think you could?’ Fudge wa  looking uncomfortable. ‘Ah,’ he  aid. ‘No. No, I’m very  orry, Harry, but a  I’m not your parent or guardian –’ ‘But you’re the Mini ter for Magic,’  aid Harry eagerly. ‘If you gave me permi ion –’ ‘No, I’m  orry, Harry, but rule  are rule ,’  aid Fudge flatly. ‘Perhap  you’ll be able to vi it Hog meade next year. In fact, I think it be t if you don’t … ye  … well, I’ll be off. Enjoy your  tay, Harry.’ And with a la t  mile and  hake of Harry’  hand, Fudge left the room. Tom now moved forward, beaming at Harry. ‘If you’ll follow me, Mr Potter,’ he  aid. ‘I’ve already taken your thing  up …’ Harry followed Tom up a hand ome wooden  tairca e to a door with a bra  number eleven on it, which Tom unlocked and opened for him. In ide wa  a very comfortable-looking bed,  ome highly poli hed oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe – ‘Hedwig!’ Harry ga ped. The  nowy owl clicked her break and fluttered down onto Harry’  arm. ‘Very  mart owl you’ve got there,’ chuckled Tom. ‘Arrived about five minute  after you did. If there’  anything you need, Mr Potter, don’t he itate to a k.’ He gave another bow and left. Harry  at on hi  bed for a long time, ab ent-mindedly  troking Hedwig. The  ky out ide the window wa  changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold,  teely grey and then,  lowly, to pink  hot with gold. Harry could hardly believe that he’d only left Privet Drive a few hour  ago, that he wa n’t expelled, and that he wa  now facing two completely Dur ley-free week . ‘It’  been a very weird night, Hedwig,’ he yawned. And without even removing hi  gla e , he  lumped back onto hi  pillow  and fell a leep. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER FOUR The Leaky Cauldron It took Harry  everal day  to get u ed to hi   trange new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up whenever he wanted or eat whatever he fancied. He could even go wherever he liked, a  long a  it wa  in Diagon Alley, and a  thi  long cobbled  treet wa  packed with the mo t fa cinating wizarding  hop  in the world, Harry felt no de ire to break hi  word to Fudge and  tray back into the Muggle world. Harry ate breakfa t each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other gue t : funny little witche  from the country, up for a day’   hopping; venerable-looking wizard  arguing over the late t article in Tran figuration Today; wild-looking warlock , raucou  dwarf  and, once, what looked  u piciou ly like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. After breakfa t Harry would go out into the back yard, take out hi  wand, tap the third brick from the left above the du tbin, and  tand back a  the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall. Harry  pent the long  unny day  exploring the  hop  and eating under the brightly coloured umbrella  out ide cafe , where hi  fellow diner  were  howing each other their purcha e  (‘it’  a luna cope, old boy – no more me ing around with moon chart ,  ee?’) or el e di cu ing the ca e of Siriu  Black (‘per onally I won’t let any of the children out alone until he’  back in Azkaban’). Harry didn’t have to do hi  homework under the blanket  by torchlight any more; now he could  it in the bright  un hine out ide Florean Forte cue’  Ice-Cream Parlour, fini hing all hi  e ay  with occa ional help from Florean Forte cue him elf, who, apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch-burning , gave Harry free  undae  every half-hour. Once Harry had refilled hi  money bag with gold Galleon ,  ilver Sickle  and bronze Knut  from hi  vault at Gringott , he needed to exerci e a lot of  elf-control not to  pend the whole lot at once. He had to keep reminding him elf that he had five year  to go at Hogwart , and how it would feel to a k the Dur ley  for money for  pellbook , to  top him elf buying a hand ome  et of  olid gold Gob tone  (a wizarding game rather like marble , in which the  tone   quirted a na ty- melling liquid into the other player’  face when they lo t a point). He wa   orely tempted, too, by the perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large gla  ball, which would have meant he never had to take another A tronomy le on. But the thing that te ted Harry’  re olution mo t appeared in hi  favourite  hop, Quality Quidditch Supplie , a week after he’d arrived at the Leaky Cauldron. Curiou  to know what the crowd in the  hop wa   taring at, Harry edged hi  way in ide and  queezed in among t the excited witche  and wizard  until he glimp ed a newly erected podium on which wa  mounted the mo t magnificent broom he had ever  een in hi  life. ‘Ju t come out … prototype …’ a  quare-jawed wizard wa  telling hi  companion. ‘It’  the fa te t broom in the world, i n’t it, Dad?’  queaked a boy younger than Harry, who wa   winging off hi  father’  arm. ‘Iri h International Side’  ju t put in an order for  even of the e beautie !’ the proprietor of the  hop told the crowd. ‘And they’re favourite  for the World Cup!’ A large witch in front of Harry moved, and he wa  able to read the  ign next to the broom: THE FIREBOLT Thi   tate-of-the-art racing broom  port  a  treamlined,  uperfine handle of a h, treated with a diamond-hard poli h and hand-numbered with it  own regi tration number. Each individually  elected birch twig in the broomtail ha  been honed to aerodynamic perfection, giving the Firebolt un urpa able balance and pinpoint preci ion. The Firebolt ha  an acceleration of 0-150 mile  an hour in ten  econd  and incorporate  an unbreakable braking charm. Price on reque t. Price on reque t … Harry didn’t like to think how much gold the Firebolt would co t. He had never wanted anything  o much in hi  whole life – but he had never lo t a Quidditch match on hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and, and what wa  the point in emptying hi  Gringott  vault for the Firebolt, when he had a very good broom already? Harry didn’t a k for the price, but he returned, almo t every day after that, ju t to look at the Firebolt. There were, however, thing  that Harry needed to buy. He went to the Apothecary to repleni h hi   tore of potion ’ ingredient , and a  hi   chool robe  were now  everal inche  too  hort in the arm and leg, he vi ited Madam Malkin’  Robe  for All Occa ion  and bought new one . Mo t important of all, he had to buy hi  new  chool book , which would include tho e for hi  two new  ubject , Care of Magical Creature  and Divination. Harry got a  urpri e a  he looked in at the book hop window. In tead of the u ual di play of gold-embo ed  pellbook  the  ize of paving  lab , there wa  a large iron cage behind the gla  which held about a hundred copie  of The Mon ter Book of Mon ter . Torn page  were flying everywhere a  the book  grappled with each other, locked together in furiou  wre tling matche  and  napping aggre ively. Harry pulled hi  bookli t out of hi  pocket and con ulted it for the fir t time. The Mon ter Book of Mon ter  wa  li ted a  the  et book for Care of Magical Creature . Now Harry under tood why Hagrid had  aid it would come in u eful. He felt relieved; he had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with  ome terrifying new pet. A  Harry entered Flouri h and Blott , the manager came hurrying toward  him. ‘Hogwart ?’ he  aid abruptly. ‘Come to get your new book ?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. ‘I need –’ ‘Get out of the way,’  aid the manager impatiently, bru hing Harry a ide. He drew on a pair of very thick glove , picked up a large, knobbly walking  tick and proceeded toward  the door of the Mon ter book ’ cage. ‘Hang on,’  aid Harry quickly, ‘I’ve already got one of tho e.’ ‘Have you?’ A look of enormou  relief  pread over the manager’  face. ‘Thank heaven  for that, I’ve been bitten five time  already thi  morning –’ A loud ripping noi e rent the air; two of the Mon ter book  had  eized a third and were pulling it apart. ‘Stop it! Stop it!’ cried the manager, poking the walking  tick through the bar  and knocking the book  apart. ‘I’m never  tocking them again, never! It’  been bedlam! I thought we’d  een the wor t when we bought two hundred copie  of The Invi ible Book of Invi ibility – co t a fortune, and we never found them … Well, i  there anything el e I can help you with?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry, looking down hi  bookli t. ‘I need Unfogging the Future, by Ca andra Vablat ky.’ ‘Ah,  tarting Divination, are you?’  aid the manager  tripping off hi  glove  and leading Harry into the back of the  hop, where there wa  a corner devoted to fortune-telling. A  mall table wa   tacked with volume   uch a  Predicting the Unpredictable: In ulate Your elf again t Shock  and Broken Ball : When Fortune  Turn Foul. ‘Here you are,’  aid the manager, who had climbed a  et of  tep  to take down a thick, black-bound book. ‘Unfogging the Future. Very good guide to all your ba ic fortune-telling method  – palmi try, cry tal ball , bird entrail  …’ But Harry wa n’t li tening. Hi  eye  had fallen on another book, which wa  among a di play on a  mall table: Death Omen : What to Do When You Know the Wor t i  Coming. ‘Oh, I wouldn’t read that if I were you,’  aid the a i tant lightly, looking to  ee what Harry wa   taring at. ‘You’ll  tart  eeing death omen  everywhere, it’  enough to frighten anyone to death.’ But Harry continued to  tare at the front cover of the book; it  howed a black dog large a  a bear, with gleaming eye . It looked oddly familiar … The a i tant pre ed Unfogging the Future into Harry’  hand . ‘Anything el e?’ he  aid. ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry, tearing hi  eye  away from the dog’  and dazedly con ulting hi  bookli t. ‘Er – I need Intermediate Tran figuration and The Standard Book of Spell , Grade Three.’ Harry emerged from Flouri h and Blott  ten minute  later with hi  new book  under hi  arm , and made hi  way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing where he wa  going and bumping into  everal people. He tramped up the  tair  to hi  room, went in ide and tipped hi  book  onto hi  bed. Somebody had been in to tidy; the window  were open and  un wa  pouring in ide. Harry could hear the bu e  rolling by in the un een Muggle  treet behind him, and the  ound of the invi ible crowd below in Diagon Alley. He caught  ight of him elf in the mirror over the ba in. ‘It can’t have been a death omen,’ he told hi  reflection defiantly. ‘I wa  panicking when I  aw that thing in Magnolia Cre cent. It wa  probably ju t a  tray dog …’ He rai ed hi  hand automatically and tried to make hi  hair lie flat. ‘You’re fighting a lo ing battle there, dear,’  aid hi  mirror in a wheezy voice. * A  the day   lipped by, Harry  tarted looking wherever he went for a  ign of Ron or Hermione. Plenty of Hogwart   tudent  were arriving in Diagon Alley now, with the  tart of term  o near. Harry met Seamu  Finnigan and Dean Thoma , hi  fellow Gryffindor , in Quality Quidditch Supplie , where they, too, were ogling the Firebolt; he al o ran into the real Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, forgetful boy, out ide Flouri h and Blott . Harry didn’t  top to chat; Neville appeared to have mi laid hi  bookli t, and wa  being told off by hi  very formidable-looking grandmother. Harry hoped  he never found out that he’d pretended to be Neville while on the run from the Mini try of Magic. Harry woke on the la t day of the holiday , thinking that he would at lea t meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow, on the Hogwart  Expre . He got up, dre ed, went for a la t look at the Firebolt, and wa  ju t wondering where he’d have lunch, when  omeone yelled hi  name and he turned. ‘Harry! HARRY!’ They were there, both of them,  itting out ide Florean Forte cue’  Ice-Cream Parlour; Ron looking incredibly freckly Hermione very brown, both waving frantically at him. ‘Finally!’  aid Ron, grinning at Harry a  he  at down. ‘We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they  aid you’d left, and we went to Flouri h and Blott , and Madam Malkin’ , and –’ ‘I got all my  chool  tuff la t week,’ Harry explained. ‘And how come you know I’m  taying at the Leaky Cauldron?’ ‘Dad,’  aid Ron  imply. Mr Wea ley who worked at the Mini try of Magic, would of cour e have heard the whole  tory of what had happened to Aunt Marge. ‘Did you really blow up your aunt, Harry?’  aid Hermione in a very  eriou  voice. ‘I didn’t mean to,’  aid Harry, while Ron roared with laughter. ‘I ju t – lo t control.’ ‘It’  not funny, Ron,’  aid Hermione  harply. ‘Hone tly I’m amazed Harry wa n’t expelled.’ ‘So am I,’ admitted Harry. ‘Forget expelled, I thought I wa  going to be arre ted.’ He looked at Ron. ‘Your dad doe n’t know why Fudge let me off, doe  he?’ ‘Probably ’cau e it’  you, i n’t it?’  hrugged Ron,  till chuckling. ‘Famou  Harry Potter and all that. I’d hate to  ee what the Mini try’d do to me if I blew up an aunt. Mind you, they’d have to dig me up fir t, becau e Mum would’ve killed me. Anyway, you can a k Dad your elf thi  evening. We’re  taying at the Leaky Cauldron tonight, too! So you can come to King’  Cro  with u  tomorrow! Hermione’  there a  well!’ Hermione nodded, beaming. ‘Mum and Dad dropped me off thi  morning with all my Hogwart  thing .’ ‘Excellent!’  aid Harry happily. ‘So, have you got all your new book  and  tuff?’ ‘Look at thi ,’  aid Ron, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening it. ‘Brand-new wand. Fourteen inche , willow, containing one unicorn tail-hair. And we’ve got all our book ’ – he pointed at a large bag under hi  chair. ‘What about tho e Mon ter book , eh? The a i tant nearly cried when we  aid we wanted two.’ ‘What’  all that, Hermione?’ Harry a ked, pointing at not one, but three, bulging bag  in the chair next to her. ‘Well, I’m taking more new  ubject  than you, aren’t I?’  aid Hermione. ‘Tho e are my book  for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creature , Divination, the Study of Ancient Rune , Muggle Studie  –’ ‘What are you doing Muggle Studie  for?’  aid Ron, rolling hi  eye  at Harry. ‘You’re Muggle-born! Your mum and dad are Muggle ! You already know all about Muggle !’ ‘But it’ll be fa cinating to  tudy them from the wizarding point of view,’  aid Hermione earne tly. ‘Are you planning to eat or  leep at all thi  year, Hermione?’ a ked Harry, while Ron  niggered. Hermione ignored them. ‘I’ve  till got ten Galleon ,’  he  aid, checking her pur e. ‘It’  my birthday in September, and Mum and Dad gave me  ome money to get my elf an early birthday pre ent.’ ‘How about a nice book?’  aid Ron innocently. ‘No, I don’t think  o,’  aid Hermione compo edly. ‘I really want an owl. I mean, Harry’  got Hedwig and you’ve got Errol –’ ‘I haven’t,’  aid Ron. ‘Errol’  a family owl. All I’ve got i  Scabber .’ He pulled hi  pet rat out of hi  pocket. ‘And I want to get him checked over,’ he added, placing Scabber  on the table in front of them. ‘I don’t think Egypt agreed with him.’ Scabber  wa  looking thinner than u ual, and there wa  a definite droop to hi  whi ker . ‘There’  a magical-creature  hop ju t over there,’  aid Harry, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. ‘You can  ee if they’ve got anything for Scabber , and Hermione can get her owl.’ So they paid for their ice-cream  and cro ed the  treet to the Magical Menagerie. There wa n’t much room in ide. Every inch of wall wa  hidden by cage . It wa   melly and very noi y becau e the occupant  of the e cage  were all  queaking,  quawking, jabbering or hi ing. The witch behind the counter wa  already advi ing a wizard on the care of double-ended newt ,  o Harry, Ron and Hermione waited, examining the cage . A pair of enormou  purple toad   at gulping wetly and fea ting on dead blowflie . A gigantic tortoi e with a jewel-encru ted  hell wa  glittering near the window. Poi onou  orange  nail  were oozing  lowly up the  ide of their gla  tank, and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a  ilk top hat and back again with a loud popping noi e. Then there were cat  of every colour, a noi y cage of raven , a ba ket of funny cu tard-coloured furball  that were humming loudly, and, on the counter, a va t cage of  leek black rat  which were playing  ome  ort of  kipping game u ing their long bald tail . The double-ended newt wizard left and Ron approached the counter. ‘It’  my rat,’ he told the witch. ‘He’  been a bit off-colour ever  ince I brought him back from Egypt.’ ‘Bang him on the counter,’  aid the witch, pulling a pair of heavy black  pectacle  out of her pocket. Ron lifted Scabber  out of hi  in ide pocket and placed him next to the cage of hi  fellow rat , who  topped their  kipping trick  and  cuffled to the wire for a better look. Like nearly everything Ron owned, Scabber  the rat wa   econdhand (he had once belonged to Ron’  brother Percy) and a bit battered. Next to the glo y rat  in the cage, he looked e pecially woebegone. ‘Hm,’  aid the witch, picking Scabber  up. ‘How old i  thi  rat?’ ‘Dunno,’  aid Ron. ‘Quite old. He u ed to belong to my brother.’ ‘What power  doe  he have?’  aid the witch, examining Scabber  clo ely. ‘Er –’  aid Ron. The truth wa  that Scabber  had never  hown the fainte t trace of intere ting power . The witch’  eye  moved from Scabber ’  tattered left ear to hi  front paw, which had a toe mi ing, and tutted loudly. ‘He’  been through the mill, thi  one,’  he  aid. ‘He wa  like that when Percy gave him to me,’  aid Ron defen ively. ‘An ordinary, common or garden rat like thi  can’t be expected to live longer than three year  or  o,’  aid the witch. ‘Now, if you were looking for  omething a bit more hard-wearing, you might like one of the e …’ She indicated the black rat , who promptly  tarted  kipping again. Ron muttered, ‘Show-off .’ ‘Well, if you don’t want a replacement, you can try thi  Rat Tonic,’  aid the witch, reaching under the counter and bringing out a  mall red bottle. ‘OK,’  aid Ron. ‘How much – OUCH!’ Ron buckled a   omething huge and orange came  oaring from the top of the highe t cage, landed on hi  head and then propelled it elf,  pitting madly, at Scabber . ‘NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO!’ cried the witch, but Scabber   hot from between her hand  like a bar of  oap, landed  play-legged on the floor and then  carpered for the door. ‘Scabber !’ Ron  houted, haring out of the  hop after him; Harry followed. It took them nearly ten minute  to find Scabber , who had taken refuge under a wa tepaper bin out ide Quality Quidditch Supplie . Ron  tuffed the trembling rat back into hi  pocket and  traightened up, ma aging hi  head. ‘What wa  that?’ ‘It wa  either a very big cat or quite a  mall tiger,’  aid Harry. ‘Where’  Hermione?’ ‘Probably getting her owl.’ They made their way back up the crowded  treet to the Magical Menagerie. A  they reached it, Hermione came out, but  he wa n’t carrying an owl. Her arm  were clamped tightly around the enormou  ginger cat. ‘You bought that mon ter?’  aid Ron, hi  mouth hanging open. ‘He’  gorgeou , i n’t he?’  aid Hermione, glowing. That wa  a matter of opinion, thought Harry. The cat’  ginger fur wa  thick and fluffy, but it wa  definitely a bit bow-legged and it  face looked grumpy and oddly  qua hed, a  though it had run headlong into a brick wall. Now that Scabber  wa  out of  ight, however, the cat wa  purring contentedly in Hermione’  arm . ‘Hermione, that thing nearly  calped me!’  aid Ron. ‘He didn’t mean to, did you, Crook hank ?’  aid Hermione. ‘And what about Scabber ?’  aid Ron, pointing at the lump in hi  che t pocket. ‘He need  re t and relaxation! How’  he going to get it with that thing around?’ ‘That remind  me, you forgot your Rat Tonic,’  aid Hermione,  lapping the  mall red bottle into Ron’  hand. ‘And  top worrying, Crook hank  will be  leeping in my dormitory and Scabber  in your . What’  the problem? Poor Crook hank , that witch  aid he’d been in there for age : no one wanted him.’ ‘I wonder why,’  aid Ron  arca tically, a  they  et off toward  the Leaky Cauldron. They found Mr Wea ley  itting in the bar, reading the Daily Prophet. ‘Harry!’ he  aid,  miling a  he looked up. ‘How are you?’ ‘Fine, thank ,’  aid Harry, a  he, Ron and Hermione joined Mr Wea ley with all their  hopping. Mr Wea ley put down hi  paper, and Harry  aw the now familiar picture of Siriu  Black  taring up at him. ‘They  till haven’t caught him, then?’ he a ked. ‘No,’  aid Mr Wea ley, looking extremely grave. ‘They’ve pulled u  all off our regular job  at the Mini try to try and find him, but no luck  o far.’ ‘Would we get a reward if we caught him?’ a ked Ron. ‘It’d be good to get  ome more money –’ ‘Don’t be ridiculou , Ron,’  aid Mr Wea ley, who on clo er in pection looked very  trained. ‘Black’  not going to be caught by a thirteen-year-old wizard. It’  the Azkaban guard  who’ll get him back, you mark my word .’ At that moment Mr  Wea ley entered the bar, laden with  hopping and followed by the twin , Fred and George, who were about to  tart their fifth year at Hogwart , the newly elected Head Boy, Percy, and the Wea ley ’ younge t child and only girl, Ginny. Ginny who had alway  been very taken with Harry,  eemed even more heartily embarra ed than u ual when  he  aw him, perhap  becau e he had  aved her life during their la t term at Hogwart . She went very red and muttered ‘hello’ without looking at him. Percy, however, held out hi  hand  olemnly a  though he and Harry had never met and  aid, ‘Harry. How nice to  ee you.’ ‘Hello, Percy,’  aid Harry, trying not to laugh. ‘I hope you’re well?’  aid Percy pompou ly  haking hand . It wa  rather like being introduced to the mayor. ‘Very well, thank  –’ ‘Harry!’  aid Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply. ‘Simply  plendid to  ee you, old boy –’ ‘Marvellou ,’  aid George, pu hing Fred a ide and  eizing Harry’  hand in turn. ‘Ab olutely  piffing.’ Percy  cowled. ‘That’  enough, now,’  aid Mr  Wea ley. ‘Mum!’  aid Fred, a  though he’d only ju t  potted her, and  eized her hand, too. ‘How really corking to  ee you –’ ‘I  aid, that’  enough,’  aid Mr  Wea ley, depo iting her  hopping in an empty chair. ‘Hello, Harry, dear. I  uppo e you’ve heard our exciting new ?’ She pointed at the brand-new  ilver badge on Percy’  che t. ‘Second Head Boy in the family!’  he  aid,  welling with pride. ‘And la t,’ Fred muttered under hi  breath. ‘I don’t doubt that,’  aid Mr  Wea ley, frowning  uddenly. ‘I notice they haven’t made you two prefect .’ ‘What do we want to be prefect  for?’  aid George, looking revolted at the very idea. ‘It’d take all the fun out of life.’ Ginny giggled. ‘You want to  et a better example to your  i ter!’  napped Mr  Wea ley. ‘Ginny’  got other brother  to  et her an example, Mother,’  aid Percy loftily. ‘I’m going up to change for dinner …’ He di appeared and George heaved a  igh. ‘We tried to  hut him in a pyramid,’ he told Harry. ‘But Mum  potted u .’ Dinner that night wa  a very enjoyable affair. Tom the innkeeper put three table  together in the parlour and the  even Wea ley , Harry and Hermione ate their way through five deliciou  cour e . ‘How’re we getting to King’  Cro  tomorrow, Dad?’ a ked Fred, a  they tucked into a  umptuou  chocolate pudding. ‘The Mini try’  providing a couple of car ,’  aid Mr Wea ley. Everyone looked up at him. ‘Why?’  aid Percy curiou ly. ‘It’  becau e of you, Perce,’  aid George  eriou ly. ‘And there’ll be little flag  on the bonnet , with HB on them –’ ‘– for Humungou  Bighead,’  aid Fred. Everyone except Percy and Mr  Wea ley  norted into their pudding. ‘Why are the Mini try providing car , Father?’ Percy a ked again, in a dignified voice. ‘Well, a  we haven’t got one any more,’  aid Mr Wea ley, ‘and a  I work there, they’re doing me a favour …’ Hi  voice wa  ca ual, but Harry couldn’t help noticing that Mr Wea ley’  ear  had gone red, ju t like Ron’  did when he wa  under pre ure. ‘Good job too,’  aid Mr  Wea ley bri kly. ‘Do you reali e how much luggage you’ve all got between you? A nice  ight you’d be on the Muggle Underground … You are all packed, aren’t you?’ ‘Ron ha n’t put all hi  new thing  in hi  trunk yet,’  aid Percy, in a long- uffering voice. ‘He’  dumped them on my bed.’ ‘You’d better go and pack properly, Ron, becau e we won’t have much time in the morning,’ Mr  Wea ley called down the table. Ron  cowled at Percy. After dinner everyone felt very full and  leepy. One by one they made their way up tair  to their room  to check their thing  for the next day. Ron and Percy were next door to Harry. He had ju t clo ed and locked hi  own trunk when he heard angry voice  through the wall, and went to  ee what wa  going on. The door of number twelve wa  ajar and Percy wa   houting. ‘It wa  here, on the bed ide table, I took it off for poli hing –’ ‘I haven’t touched it, all right?’ Ron roared back. ‘What’  up?’  aid Harry. ‘My Head Boy badge ha  gone,’  aid Percy, rounding on Harry. ‘So’  Scabber ’ Rat Tonic,’  aid Ron, throwing thing  out of hi  trunk to look. ‘I think I might’ve left it in the bar –’ ‘You’re not going anywhere till you’ve found my badge!’ yelled Percy. ‘I’ll get Scabber ’  tuff, I’m packed,’ Harry  aid to Ron, and he went down tair . Harry wa  halfway along the pa age to the bar, which wa  now very dark, when he heard another pair of angry voice  coming from the parlour. A  econd later, he recogni ed them a  Mr and Mr  Wea ley’ . He he itated, not wanting them to know he’d heard them rowing, when the  ound of hi  own name made him  top, then move clo er to the parlour door. ‘… make  no  en e not to tell him,’ Mr Wea ley wa   aying heatedly. ‘Harry’  got a right to know. I’ve tried to tell Fudge, but he in i t  on treating Harry like a child. He’  thirteen year  old and –’ ‘Arthur, the truth would terrify him!’  aid Mr  Wea ley  hrilly. ‘Do you really want to  end Harry back to  chool with that hanging over him? For heaven’   ake, he’  happy not knowing!’ ‘I don’t want to make him mi erable, I want to put him on hi  guard!’ retorted Mr Wea ley. ‘You know what Harry and Ron are like, wandering off by them elve  – they’ve ended up in the Forbidden Fore t twice! But Harry mu tn’t do that thi  year! When I think what could have happened to him that night he ran away from home! If the Knight Bu  hadn’t picked him up, I’m prepared to bet he would have been dead before the Mini try found him.’ ‘But he’  not dead, he’  fine,  o what’  the point –’ ‘Molly they  ay Siriu  Black’  mad, and maybe he i , but he wa  clever enough to e cape from Azkaban, and that’   uppo ed to be impo ible. It’  been three week , and no one’   een hide nor hair of him, and I don’t care what Fudge keep  telling the Daily Prophet, we’re no nearer catching Black than inventing  elf- pelling wand . The only thing we know for  ure i  what Black’  after –’ ‘But Harry will be perfectly  afe at Hogwart .’ ‘We thought Azkaban wa  perfectly  afe. If Black can break out of Azkaban, he can break into Hogwart .’ ‘But no one’  really  ure that Black’  after Harry –’ There wa  a thud on wood, and Harry wa   ure Mr Wea ley had banged hi  fi t on the table. ‘Molly, how many time  do I have to tell you? They didn’t report it in the pre  becau e Fudge wanted it kept quiet, but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Black e caped. The guard  told Fudge that Black’  been talking in hi   leep for a while now. Alway  the  ame word : ‘He’  at Hogwart  … he’  at Hogwart .’ Black i  deranged, Molly, and he want  Harry dead. If you a k me, he think  murdering Harry will bring You-Know-Who back to power. Black lo t everything the night Harry  topped You-Know-Who, and he’  had twelve year  alone in Azkaban to brood on that …’ There wa  a  ilence. Harry leaned  till clo er to the door, de perate to hear more. ‘Well, Arthur, you mu t do what you think i  right. But you’re forgetting Albu  Dumbledore. I don’t think anything could hurt Harry at Hogwart  while Dumbledore’  Headma ter. I  uppo e he know  about all thi ?’ ‘Of cour e he know . We had to a k him if he mind  the Azkaban guard   tationing them elve  around the entrance  to the  chool ground . He wa n’t happy about it, but he agreed.’ ‘Not happy? Why  houldn’t he be happy, if they’re there to catch Black?’ ‘Dumbledore i n’t fond of the Azkaban guard ,’  aid Mr Wea ley heavily. ‘Nor am I, if it come  to that … but when you’re dealing with a wizard like Black, you  ometime  have to join force  with tho e you’d rather avoid.’ ‘If they  ave Harry –’ ‘– then I will never  ay another word again t them,’  aid Mr Wea ley wearily. ‘It’  late, Molly, we’d better go up …’ Harry heard chair  move. A  quietly a  he could, he hurried down the pa age to the bar and out of  ight. The parlour door opened, and a few  econd  later foot tep  told him that Mr and Mr  Wea ley were climbing the  tair . The bottle of rat tonic wa  lying under the table they had  at at earlier. Harry waited until he heard Mr and Mr  Wea ley’  bedroom door clo e, then headed back up tair  with the bottle. Fred and George were crouching in the  hadow  on the landing, heaving with laughter a  they li tened to Percy di mantling hi  and Ron’  room in the  earch for hi  badge. ‘We’ve got it,’ Fred whi pered to Harry. ‘We’ve been improving it.’ The badge now read Bighead Boy, Harry forced a laugh, went to give Ron the rat tonic, then  hut him elf in hi  room and lay down on hi  bed. So Siriu  Black wa  after him. That explained everything. Fudge had been lenient with him becau e he wa   o relieved to find him alive. He’d made Harry promi e to  tay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizard  to keep an eye on him. And he wa   ending two Mini try car  to take them all to the  tation tomorrow,  o that the Wea ley  could look after Harry until he wa  on the train. Harry lay li tening to the muffled  houting next door and wondered why he didn’t feel more  cared. Siriu  Black had murdered thirteen people with one cur e; Mr and Mr  Wea ley obviou ly thought Harry would be panic- tricken if he knew the truth. But Harry happened to agree whole-heartedly with Mr  Wea ley that the  afe t place on earth wa  wherever Albu  Dumbledore happened to be. Didn’t people alway   ay that Dumbledore wa  the only per on Lord Voldemort had ever been afraid of? Surely Black, a  Voldemort’  right-hand man, would be ju t a  frightened of him? And then there were the e Azkaban guard  everyone kept talking about. They  eemed to  care mo t people  en ele , and if they were  tationed all around the  chool, Black’  chance  of getting in ide  eemed very remote. No, all in all, the thing that bothered Harry mo t wa  the fact that hi  chance  of vi iting Hog meade now looked like zero. Nobody would want Harry to leave the  afety of the ca tle until Black wa  caught; in fact, Harry  u pected hi  every move would be carefully watched until the danger had pa ed. He  cowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he couldn’t look after him elf? He’d e caped Lord Voldemort three time , he wa n’t completely u ele  … Unbidden, the image of the bea t in the  hadow  of Magnolia Cre cent cro ed hi  mind. What to do when you know the wor t i  coming … ‘I’m not going to be murdered,’ Harry  aid out loud. ‘That’  the  pirit, dear,’  aid hi  mirror  leepily. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER FIVE The Dementor Tom woke Harry next morning with hi  u ual toothle  grin and a cup of tea. Harry got dre ed and wa  ju t per uading a di gruntled Hedwig to get back into her cage when Ron banged hi  way into the room, pulling a  weat hirt over hi  head and looking irritable. ‘The  ooner we get on the train, the better,’ he  aid. ‘At lea t I can get away from Percy at Hogwart . Now he’  accu ing me of dripping tea on hi  photo of Penelope Clearwater. You know,’ Ron grimaced, ‘hi  girlfriend. She’  hidden her face under the frame becau e her no e ha  gone all blotchy …’ ‘I’ve got  omething to tell you,’ Harry began, but they were interrupted by Fred and George, who had looked in to congratulate Ron on infuriating Percy again. They headed down to breakfa t, where Mr Wea ley wa  reading the front page of the Daily Prophet with a furrowed brow and Mr  Wea ley wa  telling Hermione and Ginny about a Love Potion  he’d made a  a young girl. All three of them were rather giggly. ‘What were you  aying?’ Ron a ked Harry, a  they  at down. ‘Later,’ Harry muttered, a  Percy  tormed in. Harry had no chance to  peak to Ron or Hermione in the chao  of leaving; they were too bu y heaving all their trunk  down the Leaky Cauldron’  narrow  tairca e and piling them up near the door, with Hedwig and Herme , Percy’   creech owl, perched on top in their cage . A  mall wickerwork ba ket  tood be ide the heap of trunk ,  pitting loudly. ‘It’  all right, Crook hank ,’ Hermione cooed through the wickerwork, ‘I’ll let you out on the train.’ ‘You won’t,’  napped Ron. ‘What about poor Scabber , eh?’ He pointed at hi  che t, where a large lump indicated that Scabber  wa  curled up in hi  pocket. Mr Wea ley, who had been out ide waiting for the Mini try car ,  tuck hi  head in ide. ‘They’re here,’ he  aid. ‘Harry, come on.’ Mr Wea ley marched Harry acro  the  hort  tretch of pavement toward  the fir t of two old-fa hioned dark green car , each of which wa  driven by a furtive-looking wizard, wearing a  uit of emerald velvet. ‘In you get, Harry,’  aid Mr Wea ley, glancing up and down the crowded  treet. Harry got into the back of the car, and wa   hortly joined by Hermione, Ron and, to Ron’  di gu t, Percy. The journey to King’  Cro  wa  very uneventful compared to Harry’  trip on the Knight Bu . The Mini try of Magic car   eemed almo t ordinary, though Harry noticed that they could  lide through gap  that Uncle Vernon’  new company car certainly couldn’t have managed. They reached King’  Cro  with twenty minute  to  pare; the Mini try driver  found them trolley , unloaded their trunk , touched their hat  to Mr Wea ley and drove away,  omehow managing to jump to the head of an unmoving queue for the traffic light . Mr Wea ley kept clo e to Harry’  elbow all the way into the  tation. ‘Right then,’ he  aid, glancing around them. ‘Let’  do thi  in pair , a  there are  o many of u . I’ll go through fir t with Harry.’ Mr Wea ley  trolled toward  the barrier between platform  nine and ten, pu hing Harry’  trolley and apparently very intere ted in the InterCity 125 that had ju t arrived at platform nine. With a meaningful look at Harry, he leaned ca ually again t the barrier. Harry imitated him. Next moment, they had fallen  ideway  through the  olid metal onto platform nine and three-quarter  and looked up to  ee the Hogwart  Expre , a  carlet  team engine, puffing  moke over a platform packed with witche  and wizard   eeing their children onto the train. Percy and Ginny  uddenly appeared behind Harry. They were panting, and had apparently taken the barrier at a run. ‘Ah, there’  Penelope!’  aid Percy,  moothing hi  hair and going pink again. Ginny caught Harry’  eye and they both turned away to hide their laughter a  Percy  trode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with hi  che t thrown out  o that  he couldn’t mi  hi   hiny badge. Once the remaining Wea ley  and Hermione had joined them, Harry and Mr Wea ley led the way to the end of the train, pa t packed compartment , to a carriage that looked quite empty. They loaded the trunk  onto it,  towed Hedwig and Crook hank  in the luggage rack, then went back out ide to  ay goodbye to Mr and Mr  Wea ley. Mr  Wea ley ki ed all her children, then Hermione, and finally, Harry. He wa  embarra ed, but really quite plea ed, when  he gave him an extra hug. ‘Do take care, won’t you, Harry?’  he  aid a   he  traightened up, her eye  oddly bright. Then  he opened her enormou  handbag and  aid, ‘I’ve made you all  andwiche . Here you are, Ron … no, they’re not corned beef … Fred? Where’  Fred? Here you are, dear …’ ‘Harry,’  aid Mr Wea ley quietly, ‘come over here a moment.’ He jerked hi  head toward  a pillar, and Harry followed him behind it, leaving the other  crowded around Mr  Wea ley. ‘There’   omething I’ve got to tell you before you leave –’  aid Mr Wea ley, in a ten e voice. ‘It’  all right, Mr Wea ley,’  aid Harry, ‘I already know.’ ‘You know? How could you know?’ ‘I – er – I heard you and Mr  Wea ley talking la t night. I couldn’t help hearing,’ Harry added quickly. ‘Sorry –’ ‘That’  not the way I’d have cho en for you to find out,’  aid Mr Wea ley, looking anxiou . ‘No – hone tly, it’  OK. Thi  way, you haven’t broken your word to Fudge and I know what’  going on.’ ‘Harry, you mu t be very  cared –’ ‘I’m not,’  aid Harry  incerely. ‘Really,’ he added, becau e Mr Wea ley wa  looking di believing. ‘I’m not trying to be a hero, but  eriou ly, Siriu  Black can’t be wor e than Voldemort, can he?’ Mr Wea ley flinched at the  ound of the name, but overlooked it. ‘Harry, I knew you were, well, made of  tronger  tuff than Fudge  eem  to think, and I’m obviou ly plea ed that you’re not  cared, but –’ ‘Arthur!’ called Mr  Wea ley, who wa  now  hepherding the re t onto the train. ‘Arthur, what are you doing? It’  about to go!’ ‘He’  coming, Molly!’  aid Mr Wea ley, but he turned back to Harry and kept talking in a lower and more hurried voice. ‘Li ten, I want you to give me your word –’ ‘– that I’ll be a good boy and  tay in the ca tle?’  aid Harry gloomily. ‘Not entirely’  aid Mr Wea ley, who looked more  eriou  than Harry had ever  een him. ‘Harry,  wear to me you won’t go looking for Black.’ Harry  tared. ‘What?’ There wa  a loud whi tle. Guard  were walking along the train,  lamming all the door   hut. ‘Promi e me, Harry,’  aid Mr Wea ley, talking more quickly  till, ‘that whatever happen  –’ ‘Why would I go looking for  omeone I know want  to kill me?’  aid Harry blankly. ‘Swear to me that whatever you might hear –’ ‘Arthur, quickly!’ cried Mr  Wea ley. Steam wa  billowing from the train; it had  tarted to move. Harry ran to the compartment door and Ron threw it open and  tood back to let him on. They leaned out of the window and waved at Mr and Mr  Wea ley until the train turned a corner and blocked them from view. ‘I need to talk to you in private,’ Harry muttered to Ron and Hermione a  the train picked up  peed. ‘Go away, Ginny’  aid Ron. ‘Oh, that’  nice,’  aid Ginny huffily, and  he  talked off. Harry, Ron and Hermione  et off down the corridor, looking for an empty compartment, but all were full except for the one at the very end of the train. Thi  only had one occupant, a man  itting fa t a leep next to the window. Harry, Ron and Hermione checked on the thre hold. The Hogwart  Expre  wa  u ually re erved for  tudent  and they had never  een an adult there before, except for the witch who pu hed the food trolley. The  tranger wa  wearing an extremely  habby  et of wizard’  robe  which had been darned in  everal place . He looked ill and exhau ted. Though quite young, hi  light-brown hair wa  flecked with grey. ‘Who d’you reckon he i ?’ Ron hi ed, a  they  at down and  lid the door  hut, taking the  eat  furthe t away from the window. ‘Profe or R. J. Lupin,’ whi pered Hermione at once. ‘How d’you know that?’ ‘It’  on hi  ca e,’ replied Hermione, pointing at the luggage rack over the man’  head, where there wa  a  mall, battered ca e held together with a large quantity of neatly knotted  tring. The name ‘Profe or R. J. Lupin’ wa   tamped acro  one corner in peeling letter . ‘Wonder what he teache ?’  aid Ron, frowning at Profe or Lupin’  pallid profile. ‘That’  obviou ,’ whi pered Hermione. ‘There’  only one vacancy, i n’t there? Defence Again t the Dark Art .’ Harry, Ron and Hermione had already had two Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher , both of whom had only la ted one year. There were rumour  that the job wa  jinxed. ‘Well, I hope he’  up to it,’  aid Ron doubtfully. ‘He look  like one good hex would fini h him off, doe n’t he? Anyway …’ he turned to Harry, ‘what were you going to tell u ?’ Harry explained all about Mr and Mr  Wea ley’  argument and the warning Mr Wea ley had ju t given him. When he’d fini hed, Ron looked thunder truck, and Hermione had her hand  over her mouth. She finally lowered them to  ay, ‘Siriu  Black e caped to come after you? Oh, Harry … you’ll have to be really, really careful. Don’t go looking for trouble, Harry …’ ‘I don’t go looking for trouble,’  aid Harry, nettled. ‘Trouble u ually find  me.’ ‘How thick would Harry have to be, to go looking for a nutter who want  to kill him?’  aid Ron  hakily. They were taking the new  wor e than Harry had expected. Both Ron and Hermione  eemed to be much more frightened of Black than he wa . ‘No one know  how he got out of Azkaban,’  aid Ron uncomfortably. ‘No one’  ever done it before. And he wa  a top- ecurity pri oner, too.’ ‘But they’ll catch him, won’t they?’  aid Hermione earne tly. ‘I mean, they’ve got all the Muggle  looking out for him, too …’ ‘What’  that noi e?’  aid Ron  uddenly. A faint, tinny  ort of whi tle wa  coming from  omewhere. They looked all around the compartment. ‘It’  coming from your trunk, Harry’  aid Ron,  tanding up and reaching into the luggage rack. A moment later he had pulled the Pocket Sneako cope out from between Harry’  robe . It wa   pinning very fa t in the palm of Ron’  hand, and glowing brilliantly. ‘I  that a Sneako cope?’  aid Hermione intere tedly,  tanding up for a better look. ‘Yeah … mind you, it’  a very cheap one,’ Ron  aid. ‘It went haywire ju t a  I wa  tying it to Errol’  leg to  end it to Harry.’ ‘Were you doing anything untru tworthy at the time?’  aid Hermione  hrewdly. ‘No! Well … I wa n’t  uppo ed to be u ing Errol. You know he’  not really up to long journey  … but how el e wa  I  uppo ed to get Harry’  pre ent to him?’ ‘Stick it back in the trunk,’ Harry advi ed, a  the Sneako cope whi tled piercingly, ‘or it’ll wake him up.’ He nodded toward  Profe or Lupin. Ron  tuffed the Sneako cope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Vernon’  old  ock , which deadened the  ound, then clo ed the lid of the trunk on it. ‘We could get it checked in Hog meade,’  aid Ron,  itting back down. ‘They  ell that  ort of thing in Dervi h and Bange , magical in trument  and  tuff, Fred and George told me.’ ‘Do you know much about Hog meade?’ a ked Hermione keenly. ‘I’ve read it’  the only entirely non-Muggle  ettlement in Britain –’ ‘Yeah, I think it i ,’  aid Ron in an offhand  ort of way, ‘but that’  not why I want to go. I ju t want to get in ide Honeyduke !’ ‘What’  that?’  aid Hermione. ‘It’  thi   weet hop,’  aid Ron, a dreamy look coming over hi  face, ‘where they’ve got everything … Pepper Imp  – they make you  moke at the mouth – and great fat Chocoball  full of  trawberry mou e and clotted cream, and really excellent  ugar quill  which you can  uck in cla  and ju t look like you’re thinking what to write next –’ ‘But Hog meade’  a very intere ting place, i n’t it?’ Hermione pre ed on eagerly. ‘In Site  of Hi torical Sorcery it  ay  the inn wa  the headquarter  for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shack’   uppo ed to be the mo t  everely haunted building in Britain –’ ‘– and ma ive  herbert ball  that make you levitate a few inche  off the ground while you’re  ucking them,’  aid Ron, who wa  plainly not li tening to a word Hermione wa   aying. Hermione looked around at Harry. ‘Won’t it be nice to get out of  chool for a bit and explore Hog meade?’ ‘’Spect it will,’  aid Harry heavily. ‘You’ll have to tell me when you’ve found out.’ ‘What d’you mean?’  aid Ron. ‘I can’t go. The Dur ley  didn’t  ign my permi ion form, and Fudge wouldn’t, either.’ Ron looked horrified. ‘You’re not allowed to come? But – no way – McGonagall or  omeone will give you permi ion –’ Harry gave a hollow laugh. Profe or McGonagall, head of Gryffindor hou e, wa  very  trict. ‘– or we can a k Fred and George, they know every  ecret pa age out of the ca tle –’ ‘Ron!’  aid Hermione  harply. ‘I don’t think Harry  hould be  neaking out of  chool with Black on the loo e –’ ‘Yeah, I expect that’  what McGonagall will  ay when I a k for permi ion,’  aid Harry bitterly. ‘But if we’re with him,’  aid Ron  piritedly to Hermione, ‘Black wouldn’t dare –’ ‘Oh, Ron, don’t talk rubbi h,’  napped Hermione. ‘Black’  already murdered a whole bunch of people in the middle of a crowded  treet, do you really think he’  going to worry about attacking Harry ju t becau e we’re there?’ She wa  fumbling with the  trap  of Crook hank ’ ba ket a   he  poke. ‘Don’t let that thing out!’ Ron  aid, but too late; Crook hank  leapt lightly from the ba ket,  tretched, yawned, and  prang onto Ron’  knee ; the lump in Ron’  pocket trembled and he  hoved Crook hank  angrily away. ‘Get out of it!’ ‘Ron, don’t!’  aid Hermione angrily. Ron wa  about to an wer back when Profe or Lupin  tirred. They watched him apprehen ively, but he  imply turned hi  head the other way, mouth  lightly open, and  lept on. The Hogwart  Expre  moved  teadily north and the  cenery out ide the window became wilder and darker while the cloud  overhead thickened. People were cha ing backward  and forward  pa t the door of their compartment. Crook hank  had now  ettled in an empty  eat, hi   qua hed face turned toward  Ron, hi  yellow eye  on Ron’  top pocket. At one o’clock the plump witch with the food trolley arrived at the compartment door. ‘D’you think we  hould wake him up?’ Ron a ked awkwardly, nodding toward  Profe or Lupin. ‘He look  like he could do with  ome food.’ Hermione approached Profe or Lupin cautiou ly. ‘Er – Profe or?’  he  aid. ‘Excu e me – Profe or?’ He didn’t move. ‘Don’t worry, dear,’  aid the witch, a   he handed Harry a large  tack of cauldron cake . ‘If he’  hungry when he wake , I’ll be up front with the driver.’ ‘I  uppo e he i  a leep?’  aid Ron quietly, a  the witch  lid the compartment door clo ed. ‘I mean – he ha n’t died, ha  he?’ ‘No, no, he’  breathing,’ whi pered Hermione, taking the cauldron cake Harry pa ed her. He might not be very good company, but Profe or Lupin’  pre ence in their compartment had it  u e . Mid-afternoon, ju t a  it had  tarted to rain, blurring the rolling hill  out ide the window, they heard foot tep  in the corridor again, and their three lea t favourite people appeared at the door: Draco Malfoy, flanked by hi  cronie , Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle. Draco Malfoy and Harry had been enemie  ever  ince they had met on their very fir t train journey to Hogwart . Malfoy, who had a pale, pointed,  neering face, wa  in Slytherin hou e; he played Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch team, the  ame po ition that Harry played on the Gryffindor team. Crabbe and Goyle  eemed to exi t to do Malfoy’  bidding. They were both wide and mu cly; Crabbe wa  the taller, with a pudding-ba in haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had  hort, bri tly hair and long, gorilla arm . ‘Well, look who it i ,’  aid Malfoy in hi  u ual lazy drawl, pulling open the compartment door. ‘Potty and the Wea el.’ Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trolli hly. ‘I heard your father finally got hi  hand  on  ome gold thi   ummer, Wea ley,’  aid Malfoy. ‘Did your mother die of  hock?’ Ron  tood up  o quickly he knocked Crook hank ’ ba ket to the floor. Profe or Lupin gave a  nort. ‘Who’  that?’  aid Malfoy, taking an automatic  tep backward  a  he  potted Lupin. ‘New teacher,’  aid Harry, who had got to hi  feet, too, in ca e he needed to hold Ron back. ‘What were you  aying, Malfoy?’ Malfoy’  pale eye  narrowed; he wa n’t fool enough to pick a fight right under a teacher’  no e. ‘C’mon,’ he muttered re entfully to Crabbe and Goyle, and they di appeared. Harry and Ron  at down again, Ron ma aging hi  knuckle . ‘I’m not going to take any rubbi h from Malfoy thi  year,’ he  aid angrily. ‘I mean it. If he make  one more crack about my family, I’m going to get hold of hi  head and –’ Ron made a violent ge ture in mid-air. ‘Ron,’ hi ed Hermione, pointing at Profe or Lupin, ‘be careful …’ But Profe or Lupin wa   till fa t a leep. The rain thickened a  the train  ped yet further north; the window  were now a  olid,  himmering grey, which gradually darkened until lantern  flickered into life all along the corridor  and over the luggage rack . The train rattled, the rain hammered, the wind roared, but  till, Profe or Lupin  lept. ‘We mu t be nearly there,’  aid Ron, leaning forward to look pa t Profe or Lupin at the now completely black window. The word  had hardly left him when the train  tarted to  low down. ‘Brilliant,’  aid Ron, getting up and walking carefully pa t Profe or Lupin to try and  ee out ide. ‘I’m  tarving, I want to get to the fea t …’ ‘We can’t be there yet,’  aid Hermione, checking her watch. ‘So why’re we  topping?’ The train wa  getting  lower and.  lower.. A  the noi e of the pi ton  fell away, the wind and rain  ounded louder than ever again t the window . Harry, who wa  neare t the door, got up to look into the corridor. All along the carriage, head  were  ticking curiou ly out of their compartment . The train came to a  top with a jolt and di tant thud  and bang  told them that luggage had fallen out of the rack . Then, without warning, all the lamp  went out and they were plunged into total darkne . ‘What’  going on?’  aid Ron’  voice from behind Harry. ‘Ouch!’ ga ped Hermione. ‘Ron, that wa  my foot!’ Harry felt hi  way back to hi   eat. ‘D’you think we’ve broken down?’ ‘Dunno …’ There wa  a  queaking  ound, and Harry  aw the dim black outline of Ron, wiping a patch clean on the window and peering out. ‘There’   omething moving out there,’ Ron  aid. ‘I think people are coming aboard …’ The compartment door  uddenly opened and  omeone fell painfully over Harry’  leg . ‘Sorry! D’you know what’  going on? Ouch! Sorry –’ ‘Hullo, Neville,’  aid Harry, feeling around in the dark and pulling Neville up by hi  cloak. ‘Harry? I  that you? What’  happening?’ ‘No idea! Sit down –’ There wa  a loud hi ing and a yelp of pain; Neville had tried to  it on Crook hank . ‘I’m going to go and a k the driver what’  going on,’ came Hermione’  voice. Harry felt her pa  him, heard the door  lide open again and then a thud and two loud  queal  of pain. ‘Who’  that?’ ‘Who’  that?’ ‘Ginny?’ ‘Hermione?’ ‘What are you doing?’ ‘I wa  looking for Ron –’ ‘Come in and  it down –’ ‘Not here!’  aid Harry hurriedly. ‘I’m here!’ ‘Ouch!’  aid Neville. ‘Quiet!’  aid a hoar e voice  uddenly. Profe or Lupin appeared to have woken up at la t. Harry could hear movement  in hi  corner. None of them  poke. There wa  a  oft, crackling noi e and a  hivering light filled the compartment. Profe or Lupin appeared to be holding a handful of flame . They illuminated hi  tired grey face, but hi  eye  looked alert and wary. ‘Stay where you are,’ he  aid, in the  ame hoar e voice, and he got  lowly to hi  feet with hi  handful of fire held out in front of him. But the door  lid  lowly open before Lupin could reach it. Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the  hivering flame  in Lupin’  hand, wa  a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling. It  face wa  completely hidden beneath it  hood. Harry’  eye  darted downward , and what he  aw made hi   tomach contract. There wa  a hand protruding from the cloak and it wa  gli tening, greyi h,  limy-looking and  cabbed, like  omething dead that had decayed in water … It wa  vi ible only for a  plit  econd. A  though the creature beneath the cloak  en ed Harry’  gaze, the hand wa   uddenly withdrawn into the fold  of the black material. And then the thing beneath the hood, whatever it wa , drew a long,  low, rattling breath, a  though it wa  trying to  uck  omething more than air from it   urrounding . An inten e cold  wept over them all. Harry felt hi  own breath catch in hi  che t. The cold went deeper than hi   kin. It wa  in ide hi  che t, it wa  in ide hi  very heart … Harry’  eye  rolled up into hi  head. He couldn’t  ee. He wa  drowning in cold. There wa  a ru hing in hi  ear  a  though of water. He wa  being dragged downward , the roaring growing louder … And then, from far away, he heard  creaming, terrible, terrified, pleading  cream . He wanted to help whoever it wa , he tried to move hi  arm , but couldn’t … a thick white fog wa   wirling around him, in ide him – ‘Harry! Harry! Are you all right?’ Someone wa   lapping hi  face. ‘W-what?’ Harry opened hi  eye . There were lantern  above him, and the floor wa   haking – the Hogwart  Expre  wa  moving again and the light  had come back on. He  eemed to have  lid out of hi   eat onto the floor. Ron and Hermione were kneeling next to him, and above them he could  ee Neville and Profe or Lupin watching. Harry felt very  ick; when he put up hi  hand to pu h hi  gla e  back on, he felt cold  weat on hi  face. Ron and Hermione heaved him back onto hi   eat. ‘Are you OK?’ Ron a ked nervou ly. ‘Yeah,’  aid Harry, looking quickly toward  the door. The hooded creature had vani hed. ‘What happened? Where’  that – that thing? Who  creamed?’ ‘No one  creamed,’  aid Ron, more nervou ly  till. Harry looked around the bright compartment. Ginny and Neville looked back at him, both very pale. ‘But I heard  creaming –’ A loud  nap made them all jump. Profe or Lupin wa  breaking an enormou   lab of chocolate into piece . ‘Here,’ he  aid to Harry, handing him a particularly large piece. ‘Eat it. It’ll help.’ Harry took the chocolate but didn’t eat it. ‘What wa  that thing?’ he a ked Lupin. ‘A Dementor,’  aid Lupin, who wa  now giving chocolate to everyone el e. ‘One of the Dementor  of Azkaban.’ Everyone  tared at him. Profe or Lupin crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in hi  pocket. ‘Eat,’ he repeated. ‘It’ll help. I need to  peak to the driver, excu e me …’ He  trolled pa t Harry and di appeared into the corridor. ‘Are you  ure you’re OK, Harry?’  aid Hermione, watching Harry anxiou ly. ‘I don’t get it … what happened?’  aid Harry, wiping more  weat off hi  face. ‘Well – that thing – the Dementor –  tood there and looked around (I mean, I think it did, I couldn’t  ee it  face) – and you – you –’ ‘I thought you were having a fit or  omething,’  aid Ron, who  till looked  cared. ‘You went  ort of rigid and fell out of your  eat and  tarted twitching –’ ‘And Profe or Lupin  tepped over you, and walked toward  the Dementor, and pulled out hi  wand,’  aid Hermione. ‘And he  aid, ‘None of u  i  hiding Siriu  Black under our cloak . Go.’ But the Dementor didn’t move,  o Lupin muttered  omething, and a  ilvery thing  hot out of hi  wand at it, and it turned round and  ort of glided away …’ ‘It wa  horrible,’  aid Neville, in a higher voice than u ual. ‘Did you feel how cold it went when it came in?’ ‘I felt weird,’  aid Ron,  hifting hi   houlder  uncomfortably. ‘Like I’d never be cheerful again …’ Ginny, who wa  huddled in her corner looking nearly a  bad a  Harry felt, gave a  mall  ob; Hermione went over and put a comforting arm around her. ‘But didn’t any of you – fall off your  eat ?’  aid Harry awkwardly. ‘No,’  aid Ron, looking anxiou ly at Harry again. ‘Ginny wa   haking like mad, though …’ Harry didn’t under tand. He felt weak and  hivery, a  though he wa  recovering from a bad bout of flu; he al o felt the beginning  of  hame. Why had he gone to piece  like that, when no one el e had? Profe or Lupin had come back. He pau ed a  he entered, looked around and  aid, with a  mall  mile, ‘I haven’t poi oned that chocolate, you know …’ Harry took a bite and to hi  great  urpri e felt warmth  pread  uddenly to the tip  of hi  finger  and toe . ‘We’ll be at Hogwart  in ten minute ,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Are you all right, Harry?’ Harry didn’t a k how Profe or Lupin knew hi  name. ‘Fine,’ he muttered, embarra ed. They didn’t talk much during the remainder of the journey. At long la t, the train  topped at Hog meade  tation, and there wa  a great  cramble to get out; owl  hooted, cat  miaowed, and Neville’  pet toad croaked loudly from under hi  hat. It wa  freezing on the tiny platform; rain wa  driving down in icy  heet . ‘Fir ’ year  thi  way!’ called a familiar voice. Harry, Ron and Hermione turned and  aw the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrified-looking new  tudent  forward for their traditional journey acro  the lake. ‘All righ’, you three?’ Hagrid yelled over the head  of the crowd. They waved at him, but had no chance to  peak to him becau e the ma  of people around them wa   hunting them away along the platform. Harry, Ron and Hermione followed the re t of the  chool out onto a rough mud track, where at lea t a hundred  tagecoache  awaited the remaining  tudent , each pulled, Harry could only a ume, by an invi ible hor e, becau e when they climbed in ide one and  hut the door, the coach  et off all by it elf, bumping and  waying in proce ion. The coach  melled faintly of mould and  traw. Harry felt better  ince the chocolate, but  till weak. Ron and Hermione kept looking at him  ideway , a  though frightened he might collap e again. A  the carriage trundled toward  a pair of magnificent wrought-iron gate , flanked with  tone column  topped with winged boar , Harry  aw two more towering, hooded Dementor ,  tanding guard on either  ide. A wave of cold  ickne  threatened to engulf him again; he leaned back into the lumpy  eat and clo ed hi  eye  until they had pa ed through the gate . The carriage picked up  peed on the long,  loping drive up to the ca tle; Hermione wa  leaning out of the tiny window, watching the many turret  and tower  draw nearer. At la t, the carriage  wayed to a halt, and Hermione and Ron got out. A  Harry  tepped down, a drawling, delighted voice  ounded in hi  ear. ‘You fainted, Potter? I  Longbottom telling the truth? You actually fainted?’ Malfoy elbowed pa t Hermione to block Harry’  way up the  tone  tep  to the ca tle, hi  face gleeful and hi  pale eye  glinting maliciou ly. ‘Shove off, Malfoy’  aid Ron, who e jaw wa  clenched. ‘Did you faint a  well, Wea ley?’  aid Malfoy loudly. ‘Did the  cary old Dementor frighten you, too, Wea ley?’ ‘I  there a problem?’  aid a mild voice. Profe or Lupin had ju t got out of the next carriage. Malfoy gave Profe or Lupin an in olent  tare, which took in the patche  on hi  robe  and the dilapidated  uitca e. With a tiny hint of  arca m in hi  voice, he  aid, ‘Oh, no – er – Profe or,’ then he  mirked at Crabbe and Goyle, and led them up the  tep  into the ca tle. Hermione prodded Ron in the back to make him hurry, and the three of them joined the crowd  warming up the  tep , through the giant oak front door , and into the cavernou  Entrance Hall, which wa  lit with flaming torche  and hou ed a magnificent marble  tairca e which led to the upper floor . The door into the Great Hall  tood open at the right; Harry followed the crowd toward  it, but had barely glimp ed the enchanted ceiling, which wa  black and cloudy tonight, when a voice called, ‘Potter! Granger! I want to  ee you both!’ Harry and Hermione turned around,  urpri ed. Profe or McGonagall, Tran figuration teacher and head of Gryffindor hou e, wa  calling over the head  of the crowd. She wa  a  tern-looking witch who wore her hair in a tight bun; her  harp eye  were framed with  quare  pectacle . Harry fought hi  way over to her with a feeling of foreboding; Profe or McGonagall had a way of making him feel he mu t have done  omething wrong. ‘There’  no need to look  o worried – I ju t want a word in my office,’  he told them. ‘Move along there, Wea ley.’ Ron  tared a  Profe or McGonagall u hered Harry and Hermione away from the chattering crowd; they accompanied her acro  the Entrance Hall, up the marble  tairca e and along a corridor. Once they were in her office, a  mall room with a large, welcoming fire, Profe or McGonagall motioned Harry and Hermione to  it down. She  ettled her elf behind her de k and  aid abruptly, ‘Profe or Lupin  ent an owl ahead to  ay that you were taken ill on the train, Potter.’ Before Harry could reply, there wa  a  oft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey the matron, came bu tling in. Harry felt him elf going red in the face. It wa  bad enough that he’d pa ed out, or whatever he had done, without everyone making all thi  fu . ‘I’m fine,’ he  aid. ‘I don’t need anything –’ ‘Oh, it’  you, i  it?’  aid Madam Pomfrey, ignoring thi  and bending down to  tare clo ely at him. ‘I  uppo e you’ve been doing  omething dangerou  again?’ ‘It wa  a Dementor, Poppy,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. They exchanged a dark look and Madam Pomfrey clucked di approvingly. ‘Setting Dementor  around a  chool,’  he muttered, pu hing Harry’  hair back and feeling hi  forehead. ‘He won’t be the fir t one who collap e . Ye , he’  all clammy. Terrible thing , they are, and the effect they have on people who are already delicate –’ ‘I’m not delicate!’  aid Harry cro ly. ‘Of cour e you’re not,’  aid Madam Pomfrey ab ent-mindedly, now taking hi  pul e. ‘What doe  he need?’  aid Profe or McGonagall cri ply. ‘Bed re t? Should he perhap   pend tonight in the ho pital wing?’ ‘I’m fine!’  aid Harry, jumping up. The idea of what Draco Malfoy would  ay if he had to go to the ho pital wing wa  torture. ‘Well, he  hould have  ome chocolate, at the very lea t,’  aid Madam Pomfrey, who wa  now trying to peer into Harry’  eye . ‘I’ve already had  ome,’  aid Harry. ‘Profe or Lupin gave me  ome. He gave it to all of u .’ ‘Did he, now?’  aid Madam Pomfrey approvingly. ‘So we’ve finally got a Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher who know  hi  remedie .’ ‘Are you  ure you feel all right, Potter?’  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply. ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. ‘Very well. Kindly wait out ide while I have a quick word with Mi  Granger about her timetable, then we can go down to the fea t together.’ Harry went back into the corridor with Madam Pomfrey who left for the ho pital wing, muttering to her elf. He only had to wait a few minute ; then Hermione emerged looking very happy about  omething, followed by Profe or McGonagall, and the three of them made their way back down the marble  tairca e to the Great Hall. It wa  a  ea of pointed black hat ; each of the long hou e table  wa  lined with  tudent , their face  glimmering by the light of thou and  of candle , which were floating over the table  in midair. Profe or Flitwick, who wa  a tiny little wizard with a  hock of white hair, wa  carrying an ancient hat and a three-legged  tool out of the hall. ‘Oh,’  aid Hermione  oftly, ‘we’ve mi ed the Sorting!’ New  tudent  at Hogwart  were  orted into hou e  by trying on the Sorting Hat, which  houted out the hou e they were be t  uited to (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff or Slytherin). Profe or McGonagall  trode off toward  her empty  eat at the  taff table, and Harry and Hermione  et off in the other direction, a  quietly a  po ible, toward  the Gryffindor table. People looked around at them a  they pa ed along the back of the hall, and a few of them pointed at Harry. Had the  tory of him collap ing in front of the Dementor travelled that fa t? He and Hermione  at down on either  ide of Ron, who had  aved them  eat . ‘What wa  all that about?’ he muttered to Harry. Harry  tarted to explain in a whi per, but at that moment the Headma ter  tood up to  peak, and he broke off. Profe or Dumbledore, though very old, alway  gave an impre ion of great energy. He had  everal feet of long  ilver hair and beard, half-moon  pectacle  and an extremely crooked no e. He wa  often de cribed a  the greate t wizard of the age, but that wa n’t why Harry re pected him. You couldn’t help tru ting Albu  Dumbledore, and a  Harry watched him beaming around at the  tudent , he felt really calm for the fir t time  ince the Dementor had entered the train compartment. ‘Welcome!’  aid Dumbledore, the candlelight  himmering on hi  beard. ‘Welcome to another year at Hogwart ! I have a few thing  to  ay to you all, and a  one of them i  very  eriou , I think it be t to get it out of the way before you become befuddled by our excellent fea t …’ Dumbledore cleared hi  throat and continued. ‘A  you will all be aware after their  earch of the Hogwart  Expre , our  chool i  pre ently playing ho t to  ome of the Dementor  of Azkaban, who are here on Mini try of Magic bu ine .’ He pau ed, and Harry remembered what Mr Wea ley had  aid about Dumbledore not being happy with the Dementor  guarding the  chool. ‘They are  tationed at every entrance to the ground ,’ Dumbledore continued, ‘and while they are with u , I mu t make it plain that nobody i  to leave  chool without permi ion. Dementor  are not to be fooled by trick  or di gui e  – or even Invi ibility Cloak ,’ he added blandly, and Harry and Ron glanced at each other. ‘It i  not in the nature of a Dementor to under tand pleading or excu e . I therefore warn each and every one of you to give them no rea on to harm you. I look to the Prefect , and our new Head Boy and Girl, to make  ure that no  tudent run  foul of the Dementor .’ Percy, who wa   itting a few  eat  along from Harry, puffed out hi  che t again and  tared around impre ively. Dumbledore pau ed again; he looked very  eriou ly around the hall, and nobody moved or made a  ound. ‘On a happier note,’ he continued, ‘I am plea ed to welcome two new teacher  to our rank  thi  year. ‘Fir tly, Profe or Lupin, who ha  kindly con ented to fill the po t of Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher.’ There wa   ome  cattered, rather unenthu ia tic, applau e. Only tho e who had been in the compartment on the train with Profe or Lupin clapped hard, Harry among them. Profe or Lupin looked particularly  habby next to all the other teacher  in their be t robe . ‘Look at Snape!’ Ron hi ed in Harry’  ear. Profe or Snape, the Potion  ma ter, wa   taring along the  taff table at Profe or Lupin. It wa  common knowledge that Snape wanted the Defence Again t the Dark Art  job, but even Harry, who hated Snape, wa   tartled at the expre ion twi ting hi  thin,  allow face. It wa  beyond anger: it wa  loathing. Harry knew that expre ion only too well; it wa  the look Snape wore every time he  et eye  on Harry. ‘A  to our  econd new appointment,’ Dumbledore continued, a  the lukewarm applau e for Profe or Lupin died away, ‘well, I am  orry to tell you that Profe or Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creature  teacher, retired at the end of la t year in order to enjoy more time with hi  remaining limb . However, I am delighted to  ay that hi  place will be filled by none other than Rubeu  Hagrid, who ha  agreed to take on thi  teaching job in addition to hi  gamekeeping dutie .’ Harry, Ron and Hermione  tared at each other,  tunned. Then they joined in with the applau e, which wa  tumultuou  at the Gryffindor table in particular. Harry leaned forward to  ee Hagrid, who wa  ruby red in the face and  taring down at hi  enormou  hand , hi  wide grin hidden in the tangle of hi  black beard. ‘We  hould’ve known!’ Ron roared, pounding the table. ‘Who el e would have  et u  a biting book?’ Harry, Ron and Hermione were the la t to  top clapping, and a  Profe or Dumbledore  tarted  peaking again, they  aw that Hagrid wa  wiping hi  eye  on the tablecloth. ‘Well, I think that’  everything of importance,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Let the fea t begin!’ The golden plate  and goblet  before them filled  uddenly with food and drink. Harry,  uddenly ravenou , helped him elf to everything he could reach and began to eat. It wa  a deliciou  fea t; the Hall echoed with talk, laughter and the clatter of knive  and fork . Harry, Ron and Hermione, however, were eager for it to fini h  o that they could talk to Hagrid. They knew how much being made a teacher would mean to him. Hagrid wa n’t a fully qualified wizard; he had been expelled from Hogwart  in hi  third year, for a crime he had not committed. It had been Harry, Ron and Hermione who had cleared Hagrid’  name la t year. At long la t, when the la t mor el  of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platter , Dumbledore gave the word that it wa  time for them all to go to bed, and they got their chance. ‘Congratulation , Hagrid!’ Hermione  quealed, a  they reached the teacher ’ table. ‘All down ter you three,’  aid Hagrid, wiping hi   hining face on hi  napkin a  he looked up at them. ‘Can’ believe it … great man, Dumbledore … came  traight down to me hut after Profe or Kettleburn  aid he’d had enough … it’  what I alway  wanted …’ Overcome with emotion, he buried hi  face in hi  napkin, and Profe or McGonagall  hooed them away. Harry, Ron and Hermione joined the Gryffindor   treaming up the marble  tairca e and, very tired now, along more corridor , up more and more  tair , to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower. A large portrait of a fat lady in a pink dre  a ked them, ‘Pa word?’ ‘Coming through, coming through!’ Percy called from behind the crowd. ‘The new pa word’  Fortuna Major!’ ‘Oh no,’  aid Neville Longbottom  adly. He alway  had trouble remembering the pa word . Through the portrait hole and acro  the common room, the girl  and boy  divided toward  their  eparate  tairca e . Harry climbed the  piral  tair  with no thought in hi  head except how glad he wa  to be back. They reached their familiar, circular dormitory with it  five four-po ter bed  and Harry, looking around, felt he wa  home at la t. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER SIX Talon  and Tea Leave  When Harry, Ron and Hermione entered the Great Hall for breakfa t next day, the fir t thing they  aw wa  Draco Malfoy, who  eemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherin  with a very funny  tory. A  they pa ed, Malfoy did a ridiculou  impre ion of a  wooning fit and there wa  a roar of laughter. ‘Ignore him,’  aid Hermione, who wa  right behind Harry. ‘Ju t ignore him, it’  not worth it …’ ‘Hey Potter!’  hrieked Pan y Parkin on, a Slytherin girl with a face like a pug. ‘Potter! The Dementor  are coming, Potter! Woooooooo!’ Harry dropped into a  eat at the Gryffindor table, next to George Wea ley. ‘New third-year timetable ,’  aid George, pa ing them over. ‘What’  up with you, Harry?’ ‘Malfoy,’  aid Ron,  itting down on George’  other  ide and glaring over at the Slytherin table. George looked up in time to  ee Malfoy pretending to faint with terror again. ‘That little git,’ he  aid calmly ‘He wa n’t  o cocky la t night when the Dementor  were down our end of the train. Came running into our compartment, didn’t he, Fred?’ ‘Nearly wet him elf,’  aid Fred, with a contemptuou  glance at Malfoy. ‘I wa n’t too happy my elf,’  aid George. ‘They’re horrible thing , tho e Dementor  …’ ‘Sort of freeze your in ide , don’t they?’  aid Fred. ‘You didn’t pa  out, though, did you?’  aid Harry in a low voice. ‘Forget it, Harry’  aid George bracingly. ‘Dad had to go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Fred? And he  aid it wa  the wor t place he’d ever been. He came back all weak and  haking … They  uck the happine  out of a place, Dementor . Mo t of the pri oner  go mad in there.’ ‘Anyway, we’ll  ee how happy Malfoy look  after our fir t Quidditch match,’  aid Fred. ‘Gryffindor ver u  Slytherin, fir t game of the  ea on, remember?’ The only time Harry and Malfoy had faced each other in a Quidditch match, Malfoy had definitely come off wor e. Feeling  lightly more cheerful, Harry helped him elf to  au age  and fried tomatoe . Hermione wa  examining her new timetable. ‘Ooh, good, we’re  tarting  ome new  ubject  today’  he  aid happily. ‘Hermione,’  aid Ron, frowning a  he looked over her  houlder, ‘they’ve me ed up your timetable. Look – they’ve got you down for about ten  ubject  a day. There i n’t enough time.’ ‘I’ll manage. I’ve fixed it all with Profe or McGonagall.’ ‘But look,’  aid Ron, laughing, ‘ ee thi  morning? Nine o’clock, Divination. And underneath, nine o’clock, Muggle Studie . And –’ Ron leaned clo er to the timetable, di believing, ‘look – underneath that, Arithmancy, nine o’clock. I mean, I know you’re good, Hermione, but no one’  that good. How’re you  uppo ed to be in three cla e  at once?’ ‘Don’t be  illy,’  aid Hermione  hortly. ‘Of cour e I won’t be in three cla e  at once.’ ‘Well, then –’ ‘Pa  the marmalade,’  aid Hermione. ‘But –’ ‘Oh, Ron, what’  it to you if my timetable’  a bit full?’ Hermione  napped. ‘I told you, I’ve fixed it all with Profe or McGonagall.’ Ju t then, Hagrid entered the Great Hall. He wa  wearing hi  long mole kin overcoat and wa  ab ent-mindedly  winging a dead polecat from one enormou  hand. ‘All righ’?’ he  aid eagerly, pau ing on the way to the  taff table. ‘Yer in my fir ’ ever le on! Right after lunch! Bin up  ince five gettin’ everythin’ ready … hope it’  OK … me, a teacher … hone ’ly …’ He grinned broadly at them and headed off to the  taff table,  till  winging the polecat. ‘Wonder what he’  been getting ready?’  aid Ron, a note of anxiety in hi  voice. The Hall wa   tarting to empty a  people headed off toward  their fir t le on. Ron checked hi  timetable. ‘We’d better go, look, Divination’  at the top of North Tower. It’ll take u  ten minute  to get there …’ They fini hed their breakfa t ha tily,  aid goodbye to Fred and George and walked back through the hall. A  they pa ed the Slytherin table, Malfoy did yet another impre ion of a fainting fit. The  hout  of laughter followed Harry into the Entrance Hall. The journey through the ca tle to North Tower wa  a long one. Two year  at Hogwart  hadn’t taught them everything about the ca tle, and they had never been in ide North Tower before. ‘There’  – got – to – be – a –  hort – cut,’ Ron panted, a  they climbed their  eventh long  tairca e and emerged on an unfamiliar landing, where there wa  nothing but a large painting of a bare  tretch of gra  hanging on the  tone wall. ‘I think it’  thi  way,’  aid Hermione, peering down the empty pa age to the right. ‘Can’t be,’  aid Ron. ‘That’   outh. Look, you can  ee a bit of the lake out of the window …’ Harry wa  watching the painting. A fat, dapple-grey pony had ju t ambled onto the gra  and wa  grazing nonchalantly. Harry wa  u ed to the  ubject  of Hogwart  painting  moving around and leaving their frame  to vi it each other, but he alway  enjoyed watching them. A moment later, a  hort,  quat knight in a  uit of armour had clanked into the picture after hi  pony. By the look of the gra   tain  on hi  metal knee , he had ju t fallen off. ‘Aha!’ he yelled,  eeing Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘What villain  are the e that tre pa  upon my private land ! Come to  corn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knave , you dog !’ They watched in a toni hment a  the little knight tugged hi   word out of it   cabbard and began brandi hing it violently, hopping up and down in rage. But the  word wa  too long for him; a particularly wild  wing made him overbalance, and he landed face down in the gra . ‘Are you all right?’  aid Harry, moving clo er to the picture. ‘Get back, you  curvy braggart! Back, you rogue!’ The knight  eized hi   word again and u ed it to pu h him elf back up, but the blade  ank deeply into the gra  and, though he pulled with all hi  might, he couldn’t get it out again. Finally he had to flop back down onto the gra  and pu h up hi  vi or to mop hi   weating face. ‘Li ten,’  aid Harry, taking advantage of the knight’  exhau tion, ‘we’re looking for the North Tower. You don’t know the way, do you?’ ‘A que t!’ The knight’  rage  eemed to vani h in tantly. He clanked to hi  feet and  houted, ‘Come follow me, dear friend , and we  hall find our goal, or el e  hall peri h bravely in the charge!’ He gave the  word another fruitle  tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, and cried, ‘On foot then, good  ir  and gentle lady! On! On!’ And he ran, clanking loudly, into the left-hand  ide of the frame and out of  ight. They hurried after him along the corridor, following the  ound of hi  armour. Every now and then they  potted him running through a picture ahead. ‘Be of  tout heart, the wor t i  yet to come!’ yelled the knight, and they  aw him reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in crinoline , who e picture hung on the wall of a narrow,  piral  tairca e. Puffing loudly, Harry, Ron and Hermione climbed the tightly  piralling  tep , getting dizzier and dizzier, until at la t they heard the murmer of voice  above them, and knew they had reached the cla room. ‘Farewell!’ cried the knight, popping hi  head into a painting of  ome  ini ter-looking monk . ‘Farewell, my comrade -in-arm ! If ever you have need of noble heart and  teely  inew, call upon Sir Cadogan!’ ‘Yeah, we’ll call you,’ muttered Ron, a  the knight di appeared, ‘if we ever need  omeone mental.’ They climbed the la t few  tep  and emerged onto a tiny landing, where mo t of the cla  wa  already a embled. There were no door  off thi  landing; Ron nudged Harry and pointed at the ceiling where there wa  a circular trap door with a bra  plaque on it. ‘Sybill Trelawney, Divination teacher’, Harry read. ‘How’re we  uppo ed to get up there?’ A  though in an wer to hi  que tion, the trap door  uddenly opened, and a  ilvery ladder de cended right at Harry’  feet. Everyone went quiet. ‘After you,’  aid Ron, grinning,  o Harry climbed the ladder fir t. He emerged into the  trange t-looking cla room he had ever  een. In fact, it didn’t look like a cla room at all; more like a cro  between  omeone’  attic and an old-fa hioned tea hop. At lea t twenty  mall, circular table  were crammed in ide it, all  urrounded by chintz armchair  and fat little pouffe . Everything wa  lit with a dim, crim on light; the curtain  at the window  were all clo ed, and the many lamp  were draped with dark red  carve . It wa   tiflingly warm, and the fire which wa  burning under the crowded mantelpiece wa  giving off a heavy,  ickly  ort of perfume a  it heated a large, copper kettle. The  helve  running around the circular wall  were crammed with du ty-looking feather ,  tub  of candle , many pack  of tattered playing card , countle   ilvery cry tal ball  and a huge array of teacup . Ron appeared at Harry’   houlder a  the cla  a embled around them, all talking in whi per . ‘Where i   he?’ Ron  aid. A voice came  uddenly out of the  hadow , a  oft, mi ty  ort of voice. ‘Welcome,’ it  aid. ‘How nice to  ee you in the phy ical world at la t.’ Harry’  immediate impre ion wa  of a large, glittering in ect. Profe or Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they  aw that  he wa  very thin; her large gla e  magnified her eye  to  everal time  their natural  ize, and  he wa  draped in a gauzy  pangled  hawl. Innumerable chain  and bead  hung around her  pindly neck, and her arm  and hand  were encru ted with bangle  and ring . ‘Sit, my children,  it,’  he  aid, and they all climbed awkwardly into armchair  or  ank onto pouffe . Harry, Ron and Hermione  at them elve  around the  ame round table. ‘Welcome to Divination,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, who had  eated her elf in a winged armchair in front of the fire. ‘My name i  Profe or Trelawney. You may not have  een me before. I find that de cending too often into the hu tle and bu tle of the main  chool cloud  my Inner Eye.’ Nobody  aid anything in an wer to thi  extraordinary pronouncement. Profe or Trelawney delicately rearranged her  hawl and continued, ‘So you have cho en to  tudy Divination, the mo t difficult of all magical art . I mu t warn you at the out et that if you do not have the Sight, there i  very little I will be able to teach you. Book  can take you only  o far in thi  field …’ At the e word , both Harry and Ron glanced, grinning, at Hermione, who looked  tartled at the new  that book  wouldn’t be much help in thi   ubject. ‘Many witche  and wizard , talented though they are in the area of loud bang  and  mell  and  udden di appearing , are yet unable to penetrate the veiled my terie  of the future,’ Profe or Trelawney went on, her enormou , gleaming eye  moving from face to nervou  face. ‘It i  a Gift granted to few. You, boy,’  he  aid  uddenly to Neville, who almo t toppled off hi  pouffe, ‘i  your grandmother well?’ ‘I think  o,’  aid Neville tremulou ly. ‘I wouldn’t be  o  ure if I were you, dear,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long emerald earring . Neville gulped. Profe or Trelawney continued placidly, ‘We will be covering the ba ic method  of Divination thi  year. The fir t term will be devoted to reading the tea leave . Next term we  hall progre  to palmi try. By the way, my dear,’  he  hot  uddenly at Parvati Patil, ‘beware a red-haired man.’ Parvati gave a  tartled look at Ron, who wa  right behind her, and edged her chair away from him. ‘In the  ummer term,’ Profe or Trelawney went on, ‘we  hall progre  to the cry tal ball – if we have fini hed with fire-omen , that i . Unfortunately, cla e  will be di rupted in February by a na ty bout of flu. I my elf will lo e my voice. And around Ea ter, one of our number will leave u  for ever.’ A very ten e  ilence followed thi  pronouncement, but Profe or Trelawney  eemed unaware of it. ‘I wonder, dear,’  he  aid to Lavender Brown, who wa  neare t and  hrank back in her chair, ‘if you could pa  me the large t  ilver teapot?’ Lavender, looking relieved,  tood up, took an enormou  teapot from the  helf and put it down on the table in front of Profe or Trelawney. ‘Thank you, my dear. Incidentally, that thing you are dreading – it will happen on Friday the  ixteenth of October.’ Lavender trembled. ‘Now, I want you all to divide into pair . Collect a teacup from the  helf, come to me and I will fill it. Then  it down and drink; drink until only the dreg  remain. Swill the e around the cup three time  with the left hand, then turn the cup up ide-down on it   aucer; wait for the la t of the tea to drain away, then give your cup to your partner to read. You will interpret the pattern  u ing page  five and  ix of Unfogging the Future. I  hall move among you, helping and in tructing. Oh, and dear –’  he caught Neville by the arm a  he made to  tand up, ‘after you’ve broken your fir t cup, would you be  o kind a  to  elect one of the blue patterned one ? I’m rather attached to the pink.’ Sure enough, Neville had no  ooner reached the  helf of teacup  when there wa  a tinkle of breaking china. Profe or Trelawney  wept over to him holding a du tpan and bru h and  aid, ‘One of the blue one , then, dear, if you wouldn’t mind … thank you …’ When Harry and Ron had had their teacup  filled, they went back to their table and tried to drink the  calding tea quickly. They  willed the dreg  around a  Profe or Trelawney had in tructed, then drained the cup  and  wapped them. ‘Right,’  aid Ron, a  they both opened their book  at page  five and  ix. ‘What can you  ee in mine?’ ‘A load of  oggy brown  tuff,’  aid Harry. The heavily perfumed  moke in the room wa  making him feel  leepy and  tupid. ‘Broaden your mind , my dear , and allow your eye  to  ee pa t the mundane!’ Profe or Trelawney cried through the gloom. Harry tried to pull him elf together. ‘Right, you’ve got a wonky  ort of cro  …’ he  aid, con ulting Unfogging the Future. ‘That mean  you’re going to have ‘trial  and  uffering’ –  orry about that – but there’  a thing that could be the  un. Hang on … that mean  ‘great happine ’ …  o you’re going to  uffer but be very happy …’ ‘You need your Inner Eye te ting, if you a k me,’  aid Ron, and they both had to  tifle their laugh  a  Profe or Trelawney gazed in their direction. ‘My turn …’ Ron peered into Harry’  teacup, hi  forehead wrinkled with effort. ‘There’  a blob a bit like a bowler hat,’ he  aid. ‘Maybe you’re going to work for the Mini try of Magic …’ He turned the teacup the other way up. ‘But thi  way it look  more like an acorn … what’  that?’ He  canned hi  copy of Unfogging the Future. ‘‘A windfall, unexpected gold.’ Excellent, you can lend me  ome. And there’  a thing here,’ he turned the cup again, ‘that look  like an animal. Yeah, if that wa  it  head … it look  like a hippo … no, a  heep …’ Profe or Trelawney whirled around a  Harry let out a  nort of laughter. ‘Let me  ee that, my dear,’  he  aid reprovingly to Ron,  weeping over and  natching Harry’  cup from him. Everyone went quiet to watch. Profe or Trelawney wa   taring into the teacup, rotating it anticlockwi e. ‘The falcon … my dear, you have a deadly enemy.’ ‘But everyone know  that,’  aid Hermione in a loud whi per. Profe or Trelawney  tared at her. ‘Well, they do,’  aid Hermione. ‘Everybody know  about Harry and You-Know-Who.’ Harry and Ron  tared at her with a mixture of amazement and admiration. They had never heard Hermione  peak to a teacher like that before. Profe or Trelawney cho e not to reply. She lowered her huge eye  to Harry’  cup again and continued to turn it. ‘The club … an attack. Dear, dear, thi  i  not a happy cup …’ ‘I thought that wa  a bowler hat,’  aid Ron  heepi hly. ‘The  kull … danger in your path, my dear …’ Everyone wa   taring, tran fixed, at Profe or Trelawney, who gave the cup a final turn, ga ped, and then  creamed. There wa  another tinkle of breaking china; Neville had  ma hed hi   econd cup. Profe or Trelawney  ank into a vacant armchair, her glittering hand at her heart and her eye  clo ed. ‘My dear boy – my poor dear boy – no – it i  kinder not to  ay – no – don’t a k me …’ ‘What i  it, Profe or?’  aid Dean Thoma  at once. Everyone had got to their feet, and  lowly, they crowded around Harry and Ron’  table, pre ing clo e to Profe or Trelawney’  chair to get a good look at Harry’  cup. ‘My dear,’ Profe or Trelawney’  huge eye  opened dramatically, ‘you have the Grim.’ ‘The what?’  aid Harry. He could tell that he wa n’t the only one who didn’t under tand; Dean Thoma   hrugged at him and Lavender Brown looked puzzled, but nearly everybody el e clapped their hand  to their mouth  in horror. ‘The Grim, my dear, the Grim!’ cried Profe or Trelawney, who looked  hocked that Harry hadn’t under tood. ‘The giant,  pectral dog that haunt  churchyard ! My dear boy, it i  an omen – the wor t omen – of death!’ Harry’   tomach lurched. That dog on the cover of Death Omen  in Flouri h and Blott  – the dog in the  hadow  of Magnolia Cre cent … Lavender Brown clapped her hand  to her mouth, too. Everyone wa  looking at Harry; everyone except Hermione, who had got up and moved around to the back of Profe or Trelawney’  chair. ‘I don’t think it look  like a Grim,’  he  aid flatly. Profe or Trelawney  urveyed Hermione with mounting di like. ‘You’ll forgive me for  aying  o, my dear, but I perceive very little aura around you. Very little receptivity to the re onance  of the future.’ Seamu  Finnigan wa  tilting hi  head from  ide to  ide. ‘It look  like a Grim if you do thi ,’ he  aid, with hi  eye  almo t  hut, ‘but it look  more like a donkey from here,’ he  aid, leaning to the left. ‘When you’ve all fini hed deciding whether I’m going to die or not!’  aid Harry, taking even him elf by  urpri e. Now nobody  eemed to want to look at him. ‘I think we will leave the le on here for today’  aid Profe or Trelawney, in her mi tie t voice. ‘Ye  … plea e pack away your thing  …’ Silently the cla  took their teacup  back to Profe or Trelawney, packed away their book  and clo ed their bag . Even Ron wa  avoiding Harry’  eye . ‘Until we meet again,’  aid Profe or Trelawney faintly, ‘fair fortune be your . Oh, and dear –’  he pointed at Neville, ‘you’ll be late next time,  o mind you work extra hard to catch up.’ Harry, Ron and Hermione de cended Profe or Trelawney’  ladder and the winding  tairca e in  ilence, then  et off for Profe or McGonagall’  Tran figuration le on. It took them  o long to find her cla room that, early a  they had left Divination, they were only ju t in time. Harry cho e a  eat right at the back of the room, feeling a  though he wa   itting in a very bright  potlight; the re t of the cla  kept  hooting furtive glance  at him, a  though he wa  about to drop dead at any moment. He hardly heard what Profe or McGonagall wa  telling them about Animagi (wizard  who could tran form at will into animal ), and wa n’t even watching when  he tran formed her elf in front of their eye  into a tabby cat with  pectacle marking  around her eye . ‘Really, what ha  got into you all today?’  aid Profe or McGonagall, turning back into her elf with a faint pop, and  taring around at them all. ‘Not that it matter , but that’  the fir t time my tran formation’  not got applau e from a cla .’ Everybody’  head  turned toward  Harry again, but nobody  poke. Then Hermione rai ed her hand. ‘Plea e, Profe or, we’ve ju t had our fir t Divination cla , and we were reading the tea leave , and –’ ‘Ah, of cour e,’  aid Profe or McGonagall,  uddenly frowning. ‘There i  no need to  ay any more, Mi  Granger. Tell me, which of you will be dying thi  year?’ Everyone  tared at her. ‘Me,’  aid Harry, finally. ‘I  ee,’  aid Profe or McGonagall, fixing Harry with her beady eye . ‘Then you  hould know, Potter, that Sybill Trelawney ha  predicted the death of one  tudent a year  ince  he arrived at thi   chool. None of them ha  died yet. Seeing death omen  i  her favourite way of greeting a new cla . If it were not for the fact that I never  peak ill of my colleague  –’ Profe or McGonagall broke off, and they  aw that her no tril  had gone white. She went on, more calmly, ‘Divination i  one of the mo t impreci e branche  of magic. I  hall not conceal from you that I have very little patience with it. True Seer  are very rare, and Profe or Trelawney …’ She  topped again, and then  aid, in a very matter-of-fact tone, ‘You look in excellent health to me, Potter,  o you will excu e me if I don’t let you off homework today. I a ure you that if you die, you need not hand it in.’ Hermione laughed. Harry felt a bit better. It wa  harder to feel  cared of a lump of tea leave  away from the dim red light and befuddling perfume of Profe or Trelawney’  cla room. Not everyone wa  convinced, however. Ron  till looked worried, and Lavender whi pered, ‘But what about Neville’  cup?’ When the Tran figuration cla  had fini hed, they joined the crowd thundering toward  the Great Hall for lunch. ‘Ron, cheer up,’  aid Hermione, pu hing a di h of  tew toward  him. ‘You heard what Profe or McGonagall  aid.’ Ron  pooned  tew onto hi  plate and picked up hi  fork but didn’t  tart. ‘Harry,’ he  aid, in a low,  eriou  voice, ‘you haven’t  een a great black dog anywhere, have you?’ ‘Yeah, I have,’  aid Harry. ‘I  aw one the night I left the Dur ley .’ Ron let hi  fork fall with a clatter. ‘Probably a  tray’  aid Hermione calmly. Ron looked at Hermione a  though  he had gone mad. ‘Hermione, if Harry’   een a Grim, that’  – that’  bad,’ he  aid. ‘My – my Uncle Biliu   aw one and – and he died twenty-four hour  later!’ ‘Coincidence,’  aid Hermione airily, pouring her elf  ome pumpkin juice. ‘You don’t know what you’re talking about!’  aid Ron,  tarting to get angry. ‘Grim   care the living daylight  out of mo t wizard !’ ‘There you are, then,’  aid Hermione in a  uperior tone. ‘They  ee the Grim and die of fright. The Grim’  not an omen, it’  the cau e of death! And Harry’   till with u  becau e he’  not  tupid enough to  ee one and think, right, well, I’d better pop my clog  then!’ Ron mouthed wordle ly at Hermione, who opened her bag, took out her new Arithmancy book and propped it open again t the juice jug. ‘I think Divination  eem  very woolly’  he  aid,  earching for her page. ‘A lot of gue work, if you a k me.’ ‘There wa  nothing woolly about the Grim in that cup!’  aid Ron hotly. ‘You didn’t  eem quite  o confident when you were telling Harry it wa  a  heep,’  aid Hermione coolly. ‘Profe or Trelawney  aid you didn’t have the right aura! You ju t don’t like being rubbi h at  omething for a change!’ He had touched a nerve. Hermione  lammed her Arithmancy book down on the table  o hard that bit  of meat and carrot flew everywhere. ‘If being good at Divination mean  I have to pretend to  ee death omen  in a lump of tea leave , I’m not  ure I’ll be  tudying it much longer! That le on wa  ab olute rubbi h compared to my Arithmancy cla !’ She  natched up her bag and  talked away. Ron frowned after her. ‘What’   he talking about?’ he  aid to Harry. ‘She ha n’t been to an Arithmancy cla  yet.’ * Harry wa  plea ed to get out of the ca tle after lunch. Ye terday’  rain had cleared; the  ky wa  a clear, pale grey and the gra  wa   pringy and damp underfoot a  they  et off for their fir t ever Care of Magical Creature  cla . Ron and Hermione weren’t  peaking to each other. Harry walked be ide them in  ilence a  they went down the  loping lawn  to Hagrid’  hut on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t. It wa  only when he  potted three only-too-familiar back  ahead of them that he reali ed they mu t be having the e le on  with the Slytherin . Malfoy wa  talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. Harry wa  quite  ure he knew what they were talking about. Hagrid wa  waiting for hi  cla  at the door of hi  hut. He  tood in hi  mole kin overcoat, with Fang the boarhound at hi  heel , looking impatient to  tart. ‘C’mon, now, get a move on!’ he called, a  the cla  approached. ‘Got a real treat for yeh today! Great le on comin’ up! Everyone here? Right, follow me!’ For one na ty moment, Harry thought that Hagrid wa  going to lead them into the Fore t; Harry had had enough unplea ant experience  in there to la t him a lifetime. However, Hagrid  trolled off around the edge of the tree , and five minute  later, they found them elve  out ide a kind of paddock. There wa  nothing in there. ‘Everyone gather round the fence here!’ he called. ‘That’  it – make  ure yeh can  ee. Now, fir ’ thing yeh’ll want ter do i  open yer book  –’ ‘How?’  aid the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. ‘Eh?’  aid Hagrid. ‘How do we open our book ?’ Malfoy repeated. He took out hi  copy of The Mon ter Book of Mon ter , which he had bound  hut with a length of rope. Other people took their  out, too;  ome, like Harry, had belted their book  hut; other  had crammed them in ide tight bag  or clamped them together with bullclip . ‘Ha n’ – ha n’ anyone bin able ter open their book ?’  aid Hagrid, looking cre tfallen. The cla  all  hook their head . ‘Yeh’ve got ter  troke ’em,’  aid Hagrid, a  though thi  wa  the mo t obviou  thing in the world. ‘Look …’ He took Hermione’  copy and ripped off the Spellotape that bound it. The book tried to bite, but Hagrid ran a giant forefinger down it   pine, and the book  hivered, and then fell open and lay quiet in hi  hand. ‘Oh, how  illy we’ve all been!’ Malfoy  neered. ‘We  hould have  troked them! Why didn’t we gue !’ ‘I … I thought they were funny,’ Hagrid  aid uncertainly to Hermione. ‘Oh, tremendou ly funny!’  aid Malfoy. ‘Really witty, giving u  book  that try and rip our hand  off!’ ‘Shut up, Malfoy,’  aid Harry quietly. Hagrid wa  looking downca t and Harry wanted Hagrid’  fir t le on to be a  ucce . ‘Righ’ then,’  aid Hagrid, who  eemed to have lo t hi  thread, ‘ o …  o yeh’ve got yer book  an’ … an’ … now yeh need the Magical Creature . Yeah. So I’ll go an’ get ’em. Hang on …’ He  trode away from them into the Fore t and out of  ight. ‘God, thi  place i  going to the dog ,’  aid Malfoy loudly. ‘That oaf teaching cla e , my father’ll have a fit when I tell him –’ ‘Shut up, Malfoy’ Harry repeated. ‘Careful, Potter, there’  a Dementor behind you –’ ‘Oooooooh!’  quealed Lavender Brown, pointing toward  the oppo ite  ide of the paddock. Trotting toward  them were a dozen of the mo t bizarre creature  Harry had ever  een. They had the bodie , hind leg  and tail  of hor e , but the front leg , wing  and head  of what  eemed to be giant eagle , with cruel,  teel-coloured beak  and large, brilliantly orange eye . The talon  on their front leg  were half a foot long and deadly-looking. Each of the bea t  had a thick leather collar around it  neck, which wa  attached to a long chain, and the end  of all of the e were held in the va t hand  of Hagrid, who came jogging into the paddock behind the creature . ‘Gee up, there!’ he roared,  haking the chain  and urging the creature  toward  the fence where the cla   tood. Everyone drew back  lightly a  Hagrid reached them and tethered the creature  to the fence. ‘Hippogriff !’ Hagrid roared happily, waving a hand at them. ‘Beau’iful, aren’ they?’ Harry could  ort of  ee what Hagrid meant. Once you had got over the fir t  hock of  eeing  omething that wa  half hor e, half bird, you  tarted to appreciate the Hippogriff ’ gleaming coat , changing  moothly from feather to hair, each of them a different colour:  tormy grey, bronze, a pinki h roan, gleaming che tnut and inky black. ‘So,’  aid Hagrid, rubbing hi  hand  together and beaming around, ‘if yeh wan’ ter come a bit nearer …’ No one  eemed to want to. Harry, Ron and Hermione, however, approached the fence cautiou ly. ‘Now, fir ’ thing yeh gotta know abou’ Hippogriff  i  they’re proud,’  aid Hagrid. ‘Ea ily offended, Hippogriff  are. Don’t never in ult one, ’cau e it might be the la t thing yeh do.’ Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle weren’t li tening; they were talking in an undertone and Harry had a na ty feeling they were plotting how be t to di rupt the le on. ‘Yeh alway  wait fer the Hippogriff ter make the fir ’ move,’ Hagrid continued. ‘It’  polite,  ee? Yeh walk toward  him, and yeh bow, an’ yeh wait. If he bow  back, yeh’re allowed ter touch him. If he doe n’ bow, then get away from him  harpi h, ’cau e tho e talon  hurt.’ ‘Right – who want  ter go fir t?’ Mo t of the cla  backed further away in an wer. Even Harry, Ron and Hermione had mi giving . The Hippogriff  were to ing their fierce head  and flexing their powerful wing ; they didn’t  eem to like being tethered like thi . ‘No one?’  aid Hagrid, with a pleading look. ‘I’ll do it,’  aid Harry. There wa  an intake of breath from behind him and both Lavender and Parvati whi pered, ‘Oooh, no, Harry, remember your tea leave !’ Harry ignored them. He climbed over the paddock fence. ‘Good man, Harry!’ roared Hagrid. ‘Right then – let’   ee how yeh get on with Buckbeak.’ He untied one of the chain , pulled the grey Hippogriff away from hi  fellow  and  lipped off hi  leather collar. The cla  on the other  ide of the paddock  eemed to be holding it  breath. Malfoy’  eye  were narrowed maliciou ly. ‘Ea y now, Harry,’  aid Hagrid quietly. ‘Yeh’ve got eye contact, now try not ter blink – Hippogriff  don’ tru t yeh if yen blink too much …’ Harry’  eye  immediately began to water, but he didn’t  hut them. Buckbeak had turned hi  great,  harp head, and wa   taring at Harry with one fierce orange eye. ‘Tha’  it,’  aid Hagrid. ‘Tha’  it, Harry … now, bow …’ Harry didn’t feel much like expo ing the back of hi  neck to Buckbeak, but he did a  he wa  told. He gave a  hort bow and then looked up. The Hippogriff wa   till  taring haughtily at him. It didn’t move. ‘Ah,’  aid Hagrid,  ounding worried. ‘Right – back away, now, Harry, ea y doe  it –’ But then, to Harry’  enormou   urpri e, the Hippogriff  uddenly bent hi   caly front knee , and  ank into what wa  an unmi takeable bow. ‘Well done, Harry!’  aid Hagrid, ec tatic. ‘Right – yeh can touch him! Pat hi  beak, go on!’ Feeling that a better reward would have been to back away, Harry moved  lowly toward  the Hippogriff and reached out toward  him. He patted the beak  everal time  and the Hippogriff clo ed hi  eye  lazily, a  though enjoying it. The cla  broke into applau e, all except for Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, who were looking deeply di appointed. ‘Righ’ then, Harry,’  aid Hagrid, ‘I reckon he migh’ let yeh ride him!’ Thi  wa  more than Harry had bargained for. He wa  u ed to a broom tick; but he wa n’t  ure a Hippogriff would be quite the  ame. ‘Yeh climb up there, ju ’ behind the wing joint,’  aid Hagrid, ‘an’ mind yeh don’ pull any of hi  feather  out, he won’ like that …’ Harry put hi  foot on the top of Buckbeak’  wing and hoi ted him elf onto hi  back. Buckbeak  tood up. Harry wa n’t  ure where to hold on; everything in front of him wa  covered in feather . ‘Go on, then!’ roared Hagrid,  lapping the Hippogriff  hindquarter . Without warning, twelve-foot wing  flapped open on either  ide of Harry; he ju t had time to  eize the Hippogriff around the neck before he wa   oaring upward . It wa  nothing like a broom tick, and Harry knew which one he preferred; the Hippogriff’  wing  were beating uncomfortably on either  ide of him, catching him under hi  leg  and making him feel he wa  about to be thrown off; the glo y feather   lipped under hi  finger  and he didn’t dare get a  tronger grip; in tead of the  mooth action of hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and, he now felt him elf rocking backward  and forward  a  the hindquarter  of the Hippogriff ro e and fell with hi  wing . Buckbeak flew him once around the paddock and then headed back to the ground; thi  wa  the bit Harry had been dreading; he leaned back a  the  mooth neck lowered, feeling he wa  going to  lip off over the beak; then he felt a heavy thud a  the four ill-a orted feet hit the ground, and ju t managed to hold on and pu h him elf  traight again. ‘Good work, Harry!’ roared Hagrid, a  everyone except Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle cheered. ‘OK, who el e want  a go?’ Emboldened by Harry’   ucce , the re t of the cla  climbed cautiou ly into the paddock. Hagrid untied the Hippogriff  one by one, and  oon people were bowing nervou ly, all over the paddock. Neville ran repeatedly backward  from hi , which didn’t  eem to want to bend it  knee . Ron and Hermione practi ed on the che tnut, while Harry watched. Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. He had bowed to Malfoy, who wa  now patting hi  beak, looking di dainful. ‘Thi  i  very ea y,’ Malfoy drawled, loud enough for Harry to hear him. ‘I knew it mu t have been, if Potter could do it … I bet you’re not dangerou  at all, are you?’ he  aid to the Hippogriff. ‘Are you, you ugly great brute?’ It happened in a fla h of  teely talon ; Malfoy let out a high-pitched  cream and next moment, Hagrid wa  wre tling Buckbeak back into hi  collar a  he  trained to get at Malfoy, who lay curled in the gra , blood blo oming over hi  robe . ‘I’m dying!’ Malfoy yelled, a  the cla  panicked. ‘I’m dying, look at me! It’  killed me!’ ‘Yer not dyin’!’  aid Hagrid, who had gone very white. ‘Someone help me – gotta get him outta here –’ Hermione ran to open the gate while Hagrid lifted Malfoy ea ily. A  they pa ed, Harry  aw that there wa  a long, deep ga h in Malfoy’  arm; blood  plattered the gra  and Hagrid ran with him, up the  lope toward  the ca tle. Very  haken, the Care of Magical Creature  cla  followed at a walk. The Slytherin  were all  houting about Hagrid. ‘They  hould  ack him  traight away!’  aid Pan y Parkin on, who wa  in tear . ‘It wa  Malfoy’  fault!’  napped Dean Thoma . Crabbe and Goyle flexed their mu cle  threateningly. They all climbed the  tone  tep  into the de erted Entrance Hall. ‘I’m going to  ee if he’  OK!’  aid Pan y, and they all watched her run up the marble  tairca e. The Slytherin ,  till muttering about Hagrid, headed away in the direction of their dungeon common room; Harry, Ron and Hermione proceeded up tair  to Gryffindor Tower. ‘D’you think he’ll be all right?’  aid Hermione nervou ly. ‘’Cour e he will, Madam Pomfrey can mend cut  in about a  econd,’  aid Harry, who had had far wor e injurie  mended magically by the matron. ‘That wa  a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid’  fir t cla , though, wa n’t it?’  aid Ron, looking worried. ‘Tru t Malfoy to me  thing  up for him …’ They were among the fir t to reach the Great Hall at dinner-time, hoping to  ee Hagrid, but he wa n’t there. ‘They wouldn’t  ack him, would they?’  aid Hermione anxiou ly, not touching her  teak-and-kidney pudding. ‘They’d better not,’  aid Ron, who wa n’t eating either. Harry wa  watching the Slytherin table. A large group including Crabbe and Goyle were huddled together, deep in conver ation. Harry wa   ure they were cooking up their own ver ion of how Malfoy had got injured. ‘Well, you can’t  ay it wa n’t an intere ting fir t day back,’  aid Ron gloomily. They went up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and tried to do the homework Profe or McGonagall had  et them, but all three of them kept breaking off and glancing out of the tower window. ‘There’  a light on in Hagrid’  window,’ Harry  aid  uddenly. Ron looked at hi  watch. ‘If we hurried, we could go down and  ee him, it’   till quite early …’ ‘I don’t know,’ Hermione  aid  lowly, and Harry  aw her glance at him. ‘I’m allowed to walk acro  the ground ,’ he  aid pointedly. ‘Siriu  Black ha n’t got pa t the Dementor  here, ha  he?’ So they put their thing  away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad not to meet anybody on their way to the front door , a  they weren’t entirely  ure they were  uppo ed to be out. The gra  wa   till wet and looked almo t black in the twilight. When they reached Hagrid’  hut, they knocked, and a voice growled, ‘C’min.’ Hagrid wa   itting in hi   hirt- leeve  at hi   crubbed wooden table; hi  boarhound, Fang, had hi  head in Hagrid’  lap. One look told them that Hagrid had been drinking a lot; there wa  a pewter tankard almo t a  a big a  a bucket in front of him, and he  eemed to be having difficulty in getting them into focu . ‘’Spect it’  a record,’ he  aid thickly, when he recogni ed them. ‘Don’ reckon they’ve ever had a teacher who on’y la ted a day before.’ ‘You haven’t been  acked, Hagrid!’ ga ped Hermione. ‘Not yet,’  aid Hagrid mi erably, taking a huge gulp of whatever wa  in the tankard. ‘But ’ only a matter o’ time, i’n’t it, after Malfoy …’ ‘How i  he?’  aid Ron, a  they all  at down. ‘It wa n’t  eriou , wa  it?’ ‘Madam Pomfrey fixed him be t  he could,’  aid Hagrid dully, ‘but he’   ayin’ it’   till agony … covered in bandage  … moanin’ …’ ‘He’  faking it,’  aid Harry at once. ‘Madam Pomfrey can mend anything. She regrew half my bone  la t year. Tru t Malfoy to milk it for all it’  worth.’ ‘School gov’nor  have bin told, o’ cour e,’  aid Hagrid mi erably. ‘They reckon I  tarted too big. Shoulda left Hippogriff  fer later … done Flobberworm  or  ummat … ju ’ thought it’d make a good fir ’ le on …  ’all my fault …’ ‘It’  all Malfoy’  fault, Hagrid!’  aid Hermione earne tly. ‘We’re witne e ,’  aid Harry. ‘You  aid Hippogriff  attack if you in ult them. It’  Malfoy’  problem he wa n’t li tening. We’ll tell Dumbledore what really happened.’ ‘Yeah, don’t worry, Hagrid, we’ll back you up,’  aid Ron. Tear  leaked out of the crinkled corner  of Hagrid’  beetle-black eye . He grabbed both Harry and Ron and pulled them into a bone-breaking hug. ‘I think you’ve had enough to drink, Hagrid,’  aid Hermione firmly. She took the tankard from the table and went out ide to empty it. ‘Ar, maybe  he’  right,’  aid Hagrid, letting go of Harry and Ron, who both  taggered away, rubbing their rib . Hagrid heaved him elf out of hi  chair and followed Hermione un teadily out ide. They heard a loud  pla h. ‘What’  he done?’  aid Harry nervou ly, a  Hermione came back in with the empty tankard. ‘Stuck hi  head in the water barrel,’  aid Hermione, putting the tankard away. Hagrid came back, hi  long hair and beard  opping wet, wiping the water out of hi  eye . ‘Tha’  better,’ he  aid,  haking hi  head like a dog and drenching them all. ‘Li ten, it wa  good of yeh ter come an’  ee me, I really –’ Hagrid  topped dead,  taring at Harry a  though he’d only ju t reali ed he wa  there. ‘WHAT D’YEH THINK YOU’RE DOIN’, EH?’ he roared,  o  uddenly that they jumped a foot in the air. ‘YEH’RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN’ AROUND AFTER DARK, HARRY! AN’ YOU TWO! LETTIN’ HIM!’ Hagrid  trode over to Harry, grabbed hi  arm and pulled him to the door. ‘C’mon!’ Hagrid  aid angrily. ‘I’m takin’ yer all back up ter  chool, an’ don’ let me catch yeh walkin’ down ter  ee me after dark again. I’m not worth that!’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER SEVEN The Boggart in the Wardrobe Malfoy didn’t reappear in cla e  until late on Thur day morning, when the Slytherin  and Gryffindor  were halfway through double Potion . He  waggered into the dungeon, hi  right arm covered in bandage  and bound up in a  ling, acting, in Harry’  opinion, a  though he wa  the heroic  urvivor of  ome dreadful battle. ‘How i  it, Draco?’  impered Pan y Parkin on. ‘Doe  it hurt much?’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Malfoy, putting on a brave  ort of grimace. But Harry  aw him wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pan y had looked away. ‘Settle down,  ettle down,’  aid Profe or Snape idly. Harry and Ron  cowled at each other; Snape wouldn’t have  aid ‘ ettle down’ if they’d walked in late, he’d have given them detention. But Malfoy had alway  been able to get away with anything in Snape’  cla e ; Snape wa  Head of Slytherin hou e, and generally favoured hi  own  tudent  before all other . They were making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. Malfoy  et up hi  cauldron right next to Harry and Ron,  o that they were preparing their ingredient  on the  ame table. ‘Sir,’ Malfoy called, ‘ ir, I’ll need help cutting up the e dai y root , becau e of my arm –’ ‘Wea ley, cut up Malfoy’  root  for him,’  aid Snape, without looking up. Ron went brick red. ‘There’  nothing wrong with your arm,’ he hi ed at Malfoy. Malfoy  mirked acro  the table. ‘Wea ley, you heard Profe or Snape, cut up the e root .’ Ron  eized hi  knife, pulled Malfoy’  root  toward  him and began to chop them roughly,  o that they were all different  ize . ‘Profe or,’ drawled Malfoy, ‘Wea ley’  mutilating my root ,  ir.’ Snape approached their table,  tared down hi  hooked no e at the root , then gave Ron an unplea ant  mile from beneath hi  long, grea y black hair. ‘Change root  with Malfoy, Wea ley.’ ‘But  ir –!’ Ron had  pent the la t quarter of an hour carefully  hredding hi  own root  into exactly equal piece . ‘Now,’  aid Snape in hi  mo t dangerou  voice. Ron  hoved hi  own beautifully cut root  acro  the table at Malfoy, then took up the knife again. ‘And,  ir, I’ll need thi  Shrivelfig  kinned,’  aid Malfoy, hi  voice full of maliciou  laughter. ‘Potter, you can  kin Malfoy’  Shrivelfig,’  aid Snape, giving Harry the look of loathing he alway  re erved ju t for him. Harry took Malfoy’  Shrivelfig a  Ron  et about trying to repair the damage to the root  he now had to u e. Harry  kinned the Shrivelfig a  fa t a  he could and flung it back acro  the table at Malfoy without  peaking. Malfoy wa   mirking more broadly than ever. ‘Seen your pal Hagrid lately?’ he a ked them quietly. ‘None of your bu ine ,’  aid Ron jerkily, without looking up. ‘I’m afraid he won’t be a teacher much longer,’  aid Malfoy, in a tone of mock  orrow. ‘Father’  not very happy about my injury –’ ‘Keep talking, Malfoy, and I’ll give you a real injury,’  narled Ron. ‘– he’  complained to the  chool governor . And to the Mini try of Magic. Father’  got a lot of influence, you know. And a la ting injury like thi  –’ he gave a huge, fake  igh, ‘who know  if my arm’ll ever be the  ame again?’ ‘So that’  why you’re putting it on,’  aid Harry, accidentally beheading a dead caterpillar becau e hi  hand wa   haking in anger. ‘To try and get Hagrid  acked.’ ‘Well,’  aid Malfoy, lowering hi  voice to a whi per, ‘partly, Potter. But there are other benefit , too. Wea ley,  lice my caterpillar  for me.’ A few cauldron  away, Neville wa  in trouble. Neville regularly went to piece  in Potion  le on ; it wa  hi  wor t  ubject, and hi  great fear of Profe or Snape made thing  ten time  wor e. Hi  potion, which wa   uppo ed to be a bright, acid green, had turned – ‘Orange, Longbottom,’  aid Snape, ladling  ome up and allowing it to  pla h back into the cauldron,  o that everyone could  ee. ‘Orange. Tell me, boy, doe  anything penetrate that thick  kull of your ? Didn’t you hear me  ay, quite clearly, that only one rat  pleen wa  needed? Didn’t I  tate plainly that a da h of leech juice would  uffice? What do I have to do to make you under tand, Longbottom?’ Neville wa  pink and trembling. He looked a  though he wa  on the verge of tear . ‘Plea e,  ir,’  aid Hermione, ‘plea e, I could help Neville put it right –’ ‘I don’t remember a king you to  how off, Mi  Granger,’  aid Snape coldly, and Hermione went a  pink a  Neville. ‘Longbottom, at the end of thi  le on we will feed a few drop  of thi  potion to your toad and  ee what happen . Perhap  that will encourage you to do it properly.’ Snape moved away, leaving Neville breathle  with fear. ‘Help me!’ he moaned to Hermione. ‘Hey, Harry,’  aid Seamu  Finnigan, leaning over to borrow Harry’  bra   cale , ‘have you heard? Daily Prophet thi  morning – they reckon Siriu  Black’  been  ighted.’ ‘Where?’  aid Harry and Ron quickly. On the other  ide of the table, Malfoy looked up, li tening clo ely. ‘Not too far from here,’  aid Seamu , who looked excited. ‘It wa  a Muggle who  aw him. ’Cour e,  he didn’t really under tand. The Muggle  think he’  ju t an ordinary criminal, don’t they? So  he ’phoned the telephone hotline. By the time the Mini try of Magic got there, he wa  gone.’ ‘Not too far from here …’ Ron repeated, looking  ignificantly at Harry. He turned around and  aw Malfoy watching clo ely. ‘What, Malfoy? Need  omething el e  kinning?’ But Malfoy’  eye  were  hining malevolently, and they were fixed on Harry. He leaned acro  the table. ‘Thinking of trying to catch Black  ingle-handed, Potter?’ ‘Yeah, that’  right,’  aid Harry offhandedly. Malfoy’  thin mouth wa  curving in a mean  mile. ‘Of cour e, if it wa  me,’ he  aid quietly, ‘I’d have done  omething before now. I wouldn’t be  taying in  chool like a good boy, I’d be out there looking for him.’ ‘What are you talking about, Malfoy?’  aid Ron roughly. ‘Don’t you know, Potter?’ breathed Malfoy, hi  pale eye  narrowed. ‘Know what?’ Malfoy let out a low,  neering laugh. ‘Maybe you’d rather not ri k your neck,’ he  aid. ‘Want to leave it to the Dementor , do you? But if it wa  me, I’d want revenge. I’d hunt him down my elf.’ ‘What are you talking about?’  aid Harry angrily, but at that moment Snape called, ‘You  hould have fini hed adding your ingredient  by now. Thi  potion need  to  tew before it can be drunk; clear away while it  immer  and then we’ll te t Longbottom’  …’ Crabbe and Goyle laughed openly, watching Neville  weat a  he  tirred hi  potion feveri hly. Hermione wa  muttering in truction  to him out of the corner of her mouth,  o that Snape wouldn’t  ee. Harry and Ron packed away their unu ed ingredient  and went to wa h their hand  and ladle  in the  tone ba in in the corner. ‘What did Malfoy mean?’ Harry muttered to Ron, a  he  tuck hi  hand  under the icy jet that poured from a gargoyle’  mouth. ‘Why would I want revenge on Black? He ha n’t done anything to me – yet.’ ‘He’  making it up,’  aid Ron,  avagely, ‘he’  trying to make you do  omething  tupid …’ The end of the le on in  ight, Snape  trode over to Neville, who wa  cowering by hi  cauldron. ‘Everyone gather round,’  aid Snape, hi  black eye  glittering, ‘and watch what happen  to Longbottom’  toad. If he ha  managed to produce a Shrinking Solution, it will  hrink to a tadpole. If, a  I don’t doubt, he ha  done it wrong, hi  toad i  likely to be poi oned.’ The Gryffindor  watched fearfully. The Slytherin  looked excited. Snape picked up Trevor the toad in hi  left hand, and dipped a  mall  poon into Neville’  potion, which wa  now green. He trickled a few drop  down Trevor’  throat. There wa  a moment of hu hed  ilence, in which Trevor gulped; then there wa  a  mall pop, and Trevor the tadpole wa  wriggling in Snape’  palm. The Gryffindor  bur t into applau e. Snape, looking  our, pulled a  mall bottle from the pocket of hi  robe, poured a few drop  on top of Trevor and he reappeared  uddenly, fully grown. ‘Five point  from Gryffindor,’  aid Snape, which wiped the  mile  from every face. ‘I told you not to help him, Mi  Granger. Cla  di mi ed.’ Harry, Ron and Hermione climbed the  tep  to the Entrance Hall. Harry wa   till thinking about what Malfoy had  aid, while Ron wa   eething about Snape. ‘Five point  from Gryffindor becau e the potion wa  all right! Why didn’t you lie, Hermione? You  hould’ve  aid Neville did it all by him elf!’ Hermione didn’t an wer. Ron looked around. ‘Where i   he?’ Harry turned, too. They were at the top of the  tep  now, watching the re t of the cla  pa  them, heading for the Great Hall and lunch. ‘She wa  right behind u ,’  aid Ron, frowning. Malfoy pa ed them, walking between Crabbe and Goyle. He  mirked at Harry and di appeared. ‘There  he i ,’  aid Harry. Hermione wa  panting  lightly, hurrying up the  tair ; one hand wa  clutching her bag, the other  eemed to be tucking  omething down the front of her robe . ‘How did you do that?’  aid Ron. ‘What?’  aid Hermione, joining them. ‘One minute you were right behind u , and next moment, you were back at the bottom of the  tair  again.’ ‘What?’ Hermione looked  lightly confu ed. ‘Oh – I had to go back for  omething. Oh, no …’ A  eam had  plit on Hermione’  bag. Harry wa n’t  urpri ed; he could  ee that it wa  crammed with at lea t a dozen large and heavy book . ‘Why are you carrying all the e around with you?’ Ron a ked her. ‘You know how many  ubject  I’m taking,’  aid Hermione breathle ly. ‘Couldn’t hold the e for me, could you?’ ‘But –’ Ron wa  turning over the book   he had handed him, looking at the cover  – ‘you haven’t got any of the e  ubject  today. It’  only Defence Again t the Dark Art  thi  afternoon.’ ‘Oh, ye ,’  aid Hermione vaguely, but  he packed all the book  back into her bag ju t the  ame. ‘I hope there’   omething good for lunch, I’m  tarving,’  he added, and  he marched off toward  the Great Hall. ‘D’you get the feeling Hermione’  not telling u   omething?’ Ron a ked Harry. * Profe or Lupin wa n’t there when they arrived at hi  fir t Defence Again t the Dark Art  le on. They all  at down, took out their book , quill  and parchment, and were talking when he finally entered the room. Lupin  miled vaguely and placed hi  tatty old briefca e on the teacher’  de k. He wa  a   habby a  ever but looked healthier than he had on the train, a  though he had had a few  quare meal . ‘Good afternoon,’ he  aid. ‘Would you plea e put all your book  back in your bag . Today’  will be a practical le on. You will only need your wand .’ A few curiou  look  were exchanged a  the cla  put away their book . They had never had a practical Defence Again t the Dark Art  before, unle  you counted the memorable cla  la t year when their old teacher had brought a cageful of pixie  to cla  and  et them loo e. ‘Right then,’  aid Profe or Lupin, when everyone wa  ready, ‘if you’d follow me.’ Puzzled but intere ted, the cla  got to it  feet and followed Profe or Lupin out of the cla room. He led them along the de erted corridor and around a corner, where the fir t thing they  aw wa  Peeve  the poltergei t, who wa  floating up ide-down in mid-air and  tuffing the neare t keyhole with chewing gum. Peeve  didn’t look up until Profe or Lupin wa  two feet away, then he wiggled hi  curly-toed feet and broke into  ong. ‘Loony loopy Lupin,’ Peeve   ang. ‘Loony loopy Lupin, loony, loopy Lupin –’ Rude and unmanageable a  he almo t alway  wa , Peeve  u ually  howed  ome re pect toward  the teacher . Everyone looked quickly at Profe or Lupin to  ee how he would take thi ; to their  urpri e, he wa   till  miling. ‘I’d take that gum out of the keyhole, if I were you, Peeve ,’ he  aid plea antly. ‘Mr Filch won’t be able to get in to hi  broom .’ Filch wa  the Hogwart  caretaker, a bad-tempered, failed wizard who waged a con tant war again t the  tudent  and, indeed, Peeve . However, Peeve  paid no attention to Profe or Lupin’  word , except to blow a loud wet ra pberry. Profe or Lupin gave a  mall  igh and took out hi  wand. ‘Thi  i  a u eful little  pell,’ he told the cla  over hi   houlder. ‘Plea e watch clo ely.’ He rai ed the wand to  houlder height,  aid ‘Waddiwa i!’ and pointed it at Peeve . With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum  hot out of the keyhole and  traight down Peeve ’  left no tril; he whirled right way up and zoomed away, cur ing. ‘Cool,  ir!’  aid Dean Thoma  in amazement. ‘Thank you, Dean,’  aid Profe or Lupin, putting hi  wand away again. ‘Shall we proceed?’ They  et off again, the cla  looking at  habby Profe or Lupin with increa ed re pect. He led them down a  econd corridor and  topped, right out ide the  taff room door. ‘In ide, plea e,’  aid Profe or Lupin, opening it and  tanding back. The  taff room, a long, panelled room full of old, mi matched chair , wa  empty except for one teacher. Profe or Snape wa   itting in a low armchair, and he looked around a  the cla  filed in. Hi  eye  were glittering and there wa  a na ty  neer playing around hi  mouth. A  Profe or Lupin came in and made to clo e the door behind him, Snape  aid, ‘Leave it open, Lupin. I’d rather not witne  thi .’ He got to hi  feet and  trode pa t the cla , hi  black robe  billowing behind him. At the doorway he turned on hi  heel and  aid, ‘Po ibly no one’  warned you, Lupin, but thi  cla  contain  Neville Longbottom. I would advi e you not to entru t him with anything difficult. Not unle  Mi  Granger i  hi ing in truction  in hi  ear.’ Neville went  carlet. Harry glared at Snape; it wa  bad enough that he bullied Neville in hi  own cla e , let alone doing it in front of other teacher . Profe or Lupin had rai ed hi  eyebrow . ‘I wa  hoping that Neville would a i t me with the fir t  tage of the operation,’ he  aid, ‘and I am  ure he will perform it admirably.’ Neville’  face went, if po ible, even redder. Snape’  lip curled, but he left,  hutting the door with a  nap. ‘Now, then,’  aid Profe or Lupin, beckoning the cla  toward  the end of the room, where there wa  nothing except an old wardrobe in which the teacher  kept their  pare robe . A  Profe or Lupin went to  tand next to it, the wardrobe gave a  udden wobble, banging off the wall. ‘Nothing to worry about,’  aid Profe or Lupin calmly, a  a few people jumped backward  in alarm. ‘There’  a Boggart in there.’ Mo t people  eemed to feel that thi  wa   omething to worry about. Neville gave Profe or Lupin a look of pure terror, and Seamu  Finnigan eyed the now rattling doorknob apprehen ively. ‘Boggart  like dark, enclo ed  pace ,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Wardrobe , the gap beneath bed , the cupboard  under  ink  – I once met one that had lodged it elf in a grandfather clock. Thi  one moved in ye terday afternoon, and I a ked the Headma ter if the  taff would leave it to give my third-year   ome practice. ‘So, the fir t que tion we mu t a k our elve  i , what i  a Boggart?’ Hermione put up her hand. ‘It’  a  hape- hifter,’  he  aid. ‘It can take the  hape of whatever it think  will frighten u  mo t.’ ‘Couldn’t have put it better my elf,’  aid Profe or Lupin, and Hermione glowed. ‘So the Boggart  itting in the darkne  within ha  not yet a umed a form. He doe  not yet know what will frighten the per on on the other  ide of the door. Nobody know  what a Boggart look  like when he i  alone, but when I let him out, he will immediately become whatever each of u  mo t fear . ‘Thi  mean ,’  aid Profe or Lupin, choo ing to ignore Neville’   mall  plutter of terror, ‘that we have a huge advantage over the Boggart before we begin. Have you  potted it, Harry?’ Trying to an wer a que tion with Hermione next to him, bobbing up and down on the ball  of her feet with her hand in the air, wa  very off-putting, but Harry had a go. ‘Er – becau e there are  o many of u , it won’t know what  hape it  hould be?’ ‘Preci ely,’  aid Profe or Lupin, and Hermione put her hand down looking a little di appointed. ‘It’  alway  be t to have company when you’re dealing with a Boggart. He become  confu ed. Which  hould he become, a headle  corp e or a fle h-eating  lug? I once  aw a Boggart make that very mi take – tried to frighten two people at once and turned him elf into half a  lug. Not remotely frightening. ‘The charm that repel  a Boggart i   imple, yet it require  force of mind. You  ee, the thing that really fini he  a Boggart i  laughter. What you need to do i  force it to a ume a  hape that you find amu ing. ‘We will practi e the charm without wand  fir t. After me, plea e … riddikulu !’ ‘Riddikulu !’  aid the cla  together. ‘Good,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Very good. But that wa  the ea y part, I’m afraid. You  ee, the word alone i  not enough. And thi  i  where you come in, Neville.’ The wardrobe  hook again, though not a  much a  Neville, who walked forward a  though he wa  heading for the gallow . ‘Right, Neville,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Fir t thing  fir t: what would you  ay i  the thing that frighten  you mo t in the world?’ Neville’  lip  moved, but no noi e came out. ‘Didn’t catch that, Neville,  orry,’  aid Profe or Lupin cheerfully. Neville looked around rather wildly, a  though begging  omeone to help him, then  aid, in barely more than a whi per, ‘Profe or Snape.’ Nearly everyone laughed. Even Neville grinned apologetically. Profe or Lupin, however, looked thoughtful. ‘Profe or Snape … hmmm … Neville, I believe you live with your grandmother?’ ‘Er – ye ,’  aid Neville nervou ly. ‘But – I don’t want the Boggart to turn into her, either.’ ‘No, no, you mi under tand me,’  aid Profe or Lupin, now  miling. ‘I wonder, could you tell u  what  ort of clothe  your grandmother u ually wear ?’ Neville looked  tartled, but  aid, ‘Well … alway  the  ame hat. A tall one with a  tuffed vulture on top. And a long dre  … green, normally … and  ometime  a fox-fur  carf.’ ‘And a handbag?’ prompted Profe or Lupin. ‘A big red one,’  aid Neville. ‘Right then,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Can you picture tho e clothe  very clearly, Neville? Can you  ee them in your mind’  eye?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Neville uncertainly, plainly wondering what wa  coming next. ‘When the Boggart bur t  out of thi  wardrobe, Neville, and  ee  you, it will a ume the form of Profe or Snape,’  aid Lupin. ‘And you will rai e your wand – thu  – and cry ‘Riddikulu ’ – and concentrate hard on your grandmother’  clothe . If all goe  well, Profe or Boggart Snape will be forced into that vulture-topped hat, that green dre , that big red handbag.’ There wa  a great  hout of laughter. The wardrobe wobbled more violently. ‘If Neville i   ucce ful, the Boggart i  likely to turn hi  attention to each of u  in turn,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that  care  you mo t, and imagine how you might force it to look comical …’ The room went quiet. Harry thought … What  cared him mo t in the world? Hi  fir t thought wa  Lord Voldemort – a Voldemort returned to full  trength. But before he had even  tarted to plan a po ible counter-attack on a Boggart-Voldemort, a horrible image came floating to the  urface of hi  mind … A rotting, gli tening hand,  lithering back beneath a black cloak … a long, rattling breath from an un een mouth … then a cold  o penetrating it felt like drowning … Harry  hivered, then looked around, hoping no one had noticed. Many people had their eye   hut tight. Ron wa  muttering to him elf, ‘Take it  leg  off.’ Harry wa   ure he knew what that wa  about. Ron’  greate t fear wa   pider . ‘Everyone ready?’  aid Profe or Lupin. Harry felt a lurch of fear. He wa n’t ready. How could you make a Dementor le  frightening? But he didn’t want to a k for more time; everyone el e wa  nodding and rolling up their  leeve . ‘Neville, we’re going to back away,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Let you have a clear field, all right? I’ll call the next per on forward … everyone back, now,  o Neville can get a clear  hot –’ They all retreated, backing again t the wall , leaving Neville alone be ide the wardrobe. He looked pale and frightened, but he had pu hed up the  leeve  of hi  robe  and wa  holding hi  wand ready. ‘On the count of three, Neville,’  aid Profe or Lupin, who wa  pointing hi  own wand at the handle of the wardrobe. ‘One – two – three – now!’ A jet of  park   hot from the end of Profe or Lupin’  wand and hit the doorknob. The wardrobe bur t open. Hook-no ed and menacing, Profe or Snape  tepped out, hi  eye  fla hing at Neville. Neville backed away, hi  wand up, mouthing wordle ly. Snape wa  bearing down upon him, reaching in ide hi  robe . ‘R-r-riddikulu !’  queaked Neville. There wa  a noi e like a whip-crack. Snape  tumbled; he wa  wearing a long, lace-trimmed dre  and a towering hat topped with a moth-eaten vulture, and  winging a huge crim on handbag from hi  hand. There wa  a roar of laughter; the Boggart pau ed, confu ed, and Profe or Lupin  houted, ‘Parvati! Forward!’ Parvati walked forward, her face  et. Snape rounded on her. There wa  another crack, and where he had  tood wa  a blood tained, bandaged mummy; it   ightle  face wa  turned to Parvati and it began to walk toward  her, very  lowly, dragging it  feet, it   tiff arm  ri ing – ‘Riddikulu !’ cried Parvati. A bandage unravelled at the mummy’  feet; it became entangled, fell face forward  and it  head rolled off. ‘Seamu !’ roared Profe or Lupin. Seamu  darted pa t Parvati. Crack! Where the mummy had been wa  a woman with floor-length black hair and a  keletal, green-tinged face – a ban hee. She opened her mouth wide, and an unearthly  ound filled the room, a long, wailing  hriek which made the hair on Harry’  head  tand on end – ‘Riddikulu !’  houted Seamu . The ban hee made a ra ping noi e and clutched her throat; her voice wa  gone. Crack! The ban hee turned into a rat, which cha ed it  tail in a circle, then – crack! – became a rattle nake, which  lithered and writhed before – crack! – becoming a  ingle, bloody eyeball. ‘It’  confu ed!’  houted Lupin. ‘We’re getting there! Dean!’ Dean hurried forward. Crack! The eyeball became a  evered hand, which flipped over, and began to creep along the floor like a crab. ‘Riddikulu !’ yelled Dean. There wa  a  nap, and the hand wa  trapped in a mou etrap. ‘Excellent! Ron, you next!’ Ron leapt forward. ‘Crack!’ Quite a few people  creamed. A giant  pider,  ix feet tall and covered in hair, wa  advancing on Ron, clicking it  pincer  menacingly. For a moment, Harry thought Ron had frozen. Then – ‘Riddikulu !’ bellowed Ron, and the  pider’  leg  vani hed. It rolled over and over; Lavender Brown  quealed and ran out of it  way and it came to a halt at Harry’  feet. He rai ed hi  wand, ready, but – ‘Here!’  houted Profe or Lupin  uddenly, hurrying forward. Crack! The legle   pider had vani hed. For a  econd, everyone looked wildly around to  ee where it wa . Then they  aw a  ilvery-white orb hanging in the air in front of Lupin, who  aid ‘Riddikulu !’ almo t lazily. Crack! ‘Forward, Neville, and fini h him off!’  aid Lupin, a  the Boggart landed on the floor a  a cockroach. Crack! Snape wa  back. Thi  time Neville charged forward looking determined. ‘Riddikulu !’ he  houted, and they had a  plit  econd’  view of Snape in hi  lacy dre  before Neville let out a great ‘Ha!’ of laughter, and the Boggart exploded, bur t into a thou and tiny wi p  of  moke, and wa  gone. ‘Excellent!’ cried Profe or Lupin, a  the cla  broke into applau e. ‘Excellent, Neville. Well done, everyone. Let me  ee … five point  to Gryffindor for every per on to tackle the Boggart – ten for Neville becau e he did it twice – and five each to Hermione and Harry.’ ‘But I didn’t do anything,’  aid Harry. ‘You and Hermione an wered my que tion  correctly at the  tart of the cla , Harry,’ Lupin  aid lightly. ‘Very well, everyone, an excellent le on. Homework, kindly read the chapter on Boggart  and  ummari e it for me … to be handed in on Monday. That will be all.’ Talking excitedly, the cla  left the  taff room. Harry, however, wa n’t feeling cheerful. Profe or Lupin had deliberately  topped him tackling the Boggart. Why? Wa  it becau e he’d  een Harry collap e on the train, and thought he wa n’t up to much? Had he thought Harry would pa  out again? But no one el e  eemed to have noticed anything. ‘Did you  ee me take that ban hee?’  houted Seamu . ‘And the hand!’  aid Dean, waving hi  own around. ‘And Snape in that hat!’ ‘And my mummy!’ ‘I wonder why Profe or Lupin’  frightened of cry tal ball ?’  aid Lavender thoughtfully. ‘That wa  the be t Defence Again t the Dark Art  le on we’ve ever had, wa n’t it?’  aid Ron excitedly, a  they made their way back to the cla room to get their bag . ‘He  eem  a very good teacher,’  aid Hermione approvingly. ‘But I wi h I could have had a turn with the Boggart –’ ‘What would it have been for you?’  aid Ron,  niggering. ‘A piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER EIGHT Flight of the Fat Lady In no time at all, Defence Again t the Dark Art  had become mo t people’  favourite cla . Only Draco Malfoy and hi  gang of Slytherin  had anything bad to  ay about Profe or Lupin. ‘Look at the  tate of hi  robe ,’ Malfoy would  ay in a loud whi per a  Profe or Lupin pa ed. ‘He dre e  like our old hou e-elf.’ But no one el e cared that Profe or Lupin’  robe  were patched and frayed. Hi  next few le on  were ju t a  intere ting a  the fir t. After Boggart , they  tudied Red Cap , na ty little goblin-like creature  that lurked wherever there had been blood hed, in the dungeon  of ca tle  and the pothole  of de erted battlefield , waiting to bludgeon tho e who had got lo t. From Red Cap  they moved on to Kappa , creepy water-dweller  that looked like  caly monkey , with webbed hand  itching to  trangle unwitting wader  in their pond . Harry only wi hed he wa  a  happy with  ome of hi  other cla e . Wor t of all wa  Potion . Snape wa  in a particularly vindictive mood the e day , and no one wa  in any doubt why. The  tory of the Boggart a uming Snape’   hape, and the way that Neville had dre ed it in hi  grandmother’  clothe , had travelled through the  chool like wildfire. Snape didn’t  eem to find it funny. Hi  eye  fla hed menacingly at the very mention of Profe or Lupin’  name, and he wa  bullying Neville wor e than ever. Harry wa  al o growing to dread the hour  he  pent in Profe or Trelawney’   tifling tower room, deciphering lop- ided  hape  and  ymbol , trying to ignore the way Profe or Trelawney’  enormou  eye  filled with tear  every time  he looked at him. He couldn’t like Profe or Trelawney, even though  he wa  treated with re pect bordering on reverence by many of the cla . Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown had taken to haunting Profe or Trelawney’  tower room at lunchtime , and alway  returned with annoyingly  uperior look  on their face , a  though they knew thing  the other  didn’t. They had al o  tarted u ing hu hed voice  whenever they  poke to Harry, a  though he wa  on hi  deathbed. Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creature , which, after the action-packed fir t cla , had become extremely dull. Hagrid  eemed to have lo t hi  confidence. They were now  pending le on after le on learning how to look after Flobberworm , which had to be  ome of the mo t boring creature  in exi tence. ‘Why would anyone bother looking after them?’  aid Ron, after yet another hour of poking  hredded lettuce down the Flobberworm ’  limy throat . At the  tart of October, however, Harry had  omething el e to occupy him,  omething  o enjoyable it made up for hi  un ati factory cla e . The Quidditch  ea on wa  approaching, and Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a meeting one Thur day evening to di cu  tactic  for the new  ea on. There were  even people on a Quidditch team: three Cha er , who e job it wa  to  core goal  by putting the Quaffle (a red, football- ized ball) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoop  at each end of the pitch; two Beater , who were equipped with heavy bat  to repel the Bludger  (two heavy black ball  which zoomed around trying to attack the player ); a Keeper, who defended the goalpo t , and the Seeker, who had the harde t job of all, that of catching the Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnut- ized ball, who e capture ended the game and earned the Seeker’  team an extra one hundred and fifty point . Oliver Wood wa  a burly  eventeen-year-old, now in hi   eventh and final year at Hogwart . There wa  a quiet  ort of de peration in hi  voice a  he addre ed hi   ix fellow team member  in the chilly changing room  on the edge of the darkening Quidditch pitch. ‘Thi  i  our la t chance – my la t chance – to win the Quidditch cup,’ he told them,  triding up and down in front of them. ‘I’ll be leaving at the end of thi  year. I’ll never get another  hot at it. ‘Gryffindor haven’t won for  even year  now. OK,  o we’ve had the wor t luck in the world – injurie  – then the tournament getting called off la t year …’ Wood  wallowed, a  though the memory  till brought a lump to hi  throat. ‘But we al o know we’ve got the be t – ruddy – team – in – the –  chool,’ he  aid, punching a fi t into hi  other hand, the old manic glint back in hi  eye. ‘We’ve got three  uperb Cha er .’ Wood pointed at Alicia Spinnet, Angelina John on and Katie Bell. ‘We’ve got two unbeatable Beater .’ ‘Stop it, Oliver, you’re embarra ing u ,’  aid Fred and George Wea ley together, pretending to blu h. ‘And we’ve got a Seeker who ha  never failed to win u  a match!’ Wood rumbled, glaring at Harry with a kind of furiou  pride. ‘And me,’ he added, a  an afterthought. ‘We think you’re very good, too, Oliver,’  aid George. ‘Cracking Keeper,’  aid Fred. ‘The point i ,’ Wood went on, re uming hi  pacing, ‘the Quidditch cup  hould have had our name on it the e la t two year . Ever  ince Harry joined the team, I’ve thought the thing wa  in the bag. But we haven’t got it, and thi  year’  the la t chance we’ll get to finally  ee our name on the thing …’ Wood  poke  o dejectedly that even Fred and George looked  ympathetic. ‘Oliver, thi  year’  our year,’  aid Fred. ‘We’ll do it, Oliver!’  aid Angelina. ‘Definitely,’  aid Harry. Full of determination, the team  tarted training  e ion , three evening  a week. The weather wa  getting colder and wetter, the night  darker, but no amount of mud, wind or rain could tarni h Harry’  wonderful vi ion of finally winning the huge,  ilver Quidditch cup. Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training, cold and  tiff but plea ed with the way practice had gone, to find the room buzzing excitedly. ‘What’  happened?’ he a ked Ron and Hermione, who were  itting in two of the be t chair  by the fire ide and completing  ome  tar chart  for A tronomy. ‘Fir t Hog meade weekend,’  aid Ron, pointing at a notice that had appeared on the battered old notice board. ‘End of October. Hallowe’en.’ ‘Excellent,’  aid Fred, who had followed Harry through the portrait hole. ‘I need to vi it Zonko’ , I’m nearly out of Stink Pellet .’ Harry threw him elf into a chair be ide Ron, hi  high  pirit  ebbing away. Hermione  eemed to read hi  mind. ‘Harry, I’m  ure you’ll be able to go next time,’  he  aid. ‘They’re bound to catch Black  oon, he’  been  ighted once already.’ ‘Black’  not fool enough to try anything in Hog meade,’  aid Ron. ‘A k McGonagall if you can go thi  time, Harry, the next one might not be for age  –’ ‘Ron!’  aid Hermione. ‘Harry’   uppo ed to  tay in  chool –’ ‘He can’t be the only third-year left behind,’  aid Ron. ‘A k McGonagall, go on, Harry –’ ‘Yeah, I think I will,’  aid Harry, making up hi  mind. Hermione opened her mouth to argue, but at that moment Crook hank  leapt lightly onto her lap. A large, dead  pider wa  dangling from hi  mouth. ‘Doe  he have to eat that in front of u ?’  aid Ron,  cowling. ‘Clever Crook hank , did you catch that all by your elf?’  aid Hermione. Crook hank   lowly chewed up the  pider, hi  yellow eye  fixed in olently on Ron. ‘Ju t keep him over there, that’  all,’  aid Ron irritably, turning back to hi   tar chart. ‘I’ve got Scabber  a leep in my bag.’ Harry yawned. He really wanted to go to bed, but he  till had hi  own  tar chart to complete. He pulled hi  bag toward  him, took out parchment, ink and quill, and  tarted work. ‘You can copy mine, if you like,’  aid Ron, labelling hi  la t  tar with a flouri h and  hoving the chart toward  Harry. Hermione, who di approved of copying, pur ed her lip , but didn’t  ay anything. Crook hank  wa   till  taring unblinkingly at Ron, flicking the end of hi  bu hy tail. Then, without warning, he pounced. ‘OY!’ Ron roared,  eizing hi  bag, a  Crook hank   ank four  et  of claw  deeply into it, and began tearing ferociou ly. ‘GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL!’ Ron tried to pull the bag away from Crook hank , but Crook hank  clung on,  pitting and  la hing. ‘Ron, don’t hurt him!’  quealed Hermione. The whole common room wa  watching; Ron whirled the bag around, Crook hank   till clinging to it, and Scabber  came flying out of the top – ‘CATCH THAT CAT!’ Ron yelled, a  Crook hank  freed him elf from the remnant  of the bag,  prang over the table and cha ed after the terrified Scabber . George Wea ley made a lunge for Crook hank  but mi ed; Scabber   treaked through twenty pair  of leg  and  hot beneath an old che t of drawer . Crook hank   kidded to a halt, crouched low on hi  bandy leg  and  tarted making furiou   wipe  beneath the che t of drawer  with hi  front paw. Ron and Hermione hurried over; Hermione grabbed Crook hank  around the middle and heaved him away; Ron threw him elf onto hi   tomach and, with great difficulty, pulled Scabber  out by the tail. ‘Look at him!’ he  aid furiou ly to Hermione, dangling Scabber  in front of her. ‘He’   kin and bone! You keep that cat away from him!’ ‘Crook hank  doe n’t under tand it’  wrong!’  aid Hermione, her voice  haking. ‘All cat  cha e rat , Ron!’ ‘There’   omething funny about that animal!’  aid Ron, who wa  trying to per uade a frantically wiggling Scabber  back into hi  pocket. ‘It heard me  ay that Scabber  wa  in my bag!’ ‘Oh, what rubbi h,’  aid Hermione impatiently. ‘Crook hank  could  mell him, Ron, how el e d’you think –’ ‘That cat’  got it in for Scabber !’  aid Ron, ignoring the people around him, who were  tarting to giggle. ‘And Scabber  wa  here fir t, and he’  ill!’ Ron marched through the common room and out of  ight up the  tair  to the boy ’ dormitorie . * Ron wa   till in a bad mood with Hermione next day. He barely talked to her all through Herbology, even though he, Harry and Hermione were working together on the  ame Puffapod. ‘How’  Scabber ?’ Hermione a ked timidly, a  they  tripped fat pink pod  from the plant  and emptied the  hining bean  into a wooden pail. ‘He’  hiding at the bottom of my bed,  haking,’  aid Ron angrily, mi ing the pail and  cattering bean  over the greenhou e floor. ‘Careful, Wea ley, careful!’ cried Profe or Sprout, a  the bean  bur t into bloom before their very eye . They had Tran figuration next. Harry, who had re olved to a k Profe or McGonagall after the le on whether he could go into Hog meade with the re t, joined the queue out ide the cla room, trying to decide how he wa  going to argue hi  ca e. He wa  di tracted, however, by a di turbance at the front of the line. Lavender Brown  eemed to be crying. Parvati had her arm around her, and wa  explaining  omething to Seamu  Finnigan and Dean Thoma , who were looking very  eriou . ‘What’  the matter, Lavender?’  aid Hermione anxiou ly, a   he, Harry and Ron went to join the group. ‘She got a letter from home thi  morning,’ Parvati whi pered. ‘It’  her rabbit, Binky. He’  been killed by a fox.’ ‘Oh,’  aid Hermione. ‘I’m  orry, Lavender.’ ‘I  hould have known!’  aid Lavender tragically. ‘You know what day it i ?’ ‘Er–’ ‘The  ixteenth of October! ‘That thing you’re dreading, it will happen on the  ixteenth of October!’ Remember? She wa  right,  he wa  right!’ The whole cla  wa  gathered around Lavender now. Seamu   hook hi  head  eriou ly. Hermione he itated; then  he  aid, ‘You – you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?’ ‘Well, not nece arily by a fox,’  aid Lavender, looking up at Hermione with  treaming eye , ‘but I wa  obviou ly dreading him dying, wa n’t I?’ ‘Oh,’  aid Hermione. She pau ed again. Then – ‘Wa  Binky an old rabbit?’ ‘N-no!’  obbed Lavender. ‘H-he wa  only a baby!’ Parvati tightened her arm around Lavender’   houlder . ‘But then, why would you dread him dying?’  aid Hermione. Parvati glared at her. ‘Well, look at it logically,’  aid Hermione, turning to the re t of the group. ‘I mean, Binky didn’t even die today, did he, Lavender ju t got the new  today –’ Lavender wailed loudly ‘– and  he can’t have been dreading it, becau e it’  come a  a real  hock –’ ‘Don’t mind Hermione, Lavender,’  aid Ron loudly, ‘ he doe n’t think other people’  pet  matter very much.’ Profe or McGonagall opened the cla room door at that moment, which wa  perhap  lucky; Hermione and Ron were looking dagger  at each other, and when they got into cla , they  eated them elve  either  ide of Harry, and didn’t talk to each other all le on. Harry  till hadn’t decided what he wa  going to  ay to Profe or McGonagall when the bell rang at the end of the le on, but it wa   he who brought up the  ubject of Hog meade fir t. ‘One moment, plea e!’  he called, a  the cla  made to leave. ‘A  you’re all in my hou e, you  hould hand Hog meade permi ion form  to me before Hallowe’en. No form, no vi iting the village,  o don’t forget!’ Neville put up hi  hand. ‘Plea e, Profe or, I – I think I’ve lo t –’ ‘Your grandmother  ent your  to me directly, Longbottom,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘She  eemed to think it wa   afer. Well, that’  all, you may leave.’ ‘A k her now,’ Ron hi ed at Harry. ‘Oh, but –’ Hermione began. ‘Go for it, Harry’  aid Ron  tubbornly. Harry waited for the re t of the cla  to di appear, then headed nervou ly for Profe or McGonagall’  de k. ‘Ye , Potter?’ Harry took a deep breath. ‘Profe or, my aunt and uncle – er – forgot to  ign my form,’ he  aid. Profe or McGonagall looked over her  quare  pectacle  at him, but didn’t  ay anything. ‘So – er – d’you think it would be all right – I mean, will it be OK if I – if I go to Hog meade?’ Profe or McGonagall looked down and began  huffling paper  on her de k. ‘I’m afraid not, Potter,’  he  aid. ‘You heard what I  aid. No form, no vi iting the village. That’  the rule.’ ‘But – Profe or, my aunt and uncle – you know, they’re Muggle , they don’t really under tand about – about Hogwart  form  and  tuff,’ Harry  aid, while Ron egged him on with vigorou  nod . ‘If you  aid I could go –’ ‘But I don’t  ay  o,’  aid Profe or McGonagall,  tanding up and piling her paper  neatly into a drawer. ‘The form clearly  tate  that the parent or guardian mu t give permi ion.’ She turned to look at him, with an odd expre ion on her face. Wa  it pity? ‘I’m  orry, Potter, but that’  my final word. You had better hurry, or you’ll be late for your next le on.’ * There wa  nothing to be done. Ron called Profe or McGonagall a lot of name  that greatly annoyed Hermione; Hermione a umed an ‘all-for-the-be t’ expre ion that made Ron even angrier, and Harry had to endure everyone in the cla  talking loudly and happily about what they were going to do fir t, once they got into Hog meade. ‘There’  alway  the fea t,’  aid Ron, in an effort to cheer Harry up. ‘You know, the Hallowe’en fea t, in the evening.’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Harry, gloomily, ‘great.’ The Hallowe’en fea t wa  alway  good, but it would ta te a lot better if he wa  coming to it after a day in Hog meade with everyone el e. Nothing anyone  aid made him feel any better about being left behind. Dean Thoma , who wa  good with a quill, had offered to forge Uncle Vernon’   ignature on the form, but a  Harry had already told Profe or McGonagall he hadn’t had it  igned, that wa  no good. Ron half-heartedly  ugge ted the Invi ibility Cloak, but Hermione  tamped on that one, reminding Ron what Dumbledore had told them about the Dementor  being able to  ee through them. Percy had what were po ibly the lea t helpful word  of comfort. ‘They make a fu  about Hog meade, but I a ure you, Harry, it’  not all it’  cracked up to be,’ he  aid  eriou ly. ‘All right, the  weet hop’  rather good, but Zonko’  Joke Shop’  frankly dangerou , and ye , the Shrieking Shack’  alway  worth a vi it, but really, Harry, apart from that, you’re not mi ing anything.’ * On Hallowe’en morning, Harry awoke with the re t and went down to breakfa t feeling thoroughly depre ed, though doing hi  be t to act normally. ‘We’ll bring you lot  of  weet  back from Honeyduke ,’  aid Hermione, looking de perately  orry for him. ‘Yeah, load ,’  aid Ron. He and Hermione had finally forgotten their  quabble about Crook hank  in the face of Harry’  di appointment. ‘Don’t worry about me,’  aid Harry, in what he hoped wa  an offhand voice. ‘I’ll  ee you at the fea t. Have a good time.’ He accompanied them to the Entrance Hall, where Filch, the caretaker, wa   tanding in ide the front door , checking off name  again t a long li t, peering  u piciou ly into every face, and making  ure that no one wa   neaking out who  houldn’t be going. ‘Staying here, Potter?’  houted Malfoy who wa   tanding in line with Crabbe and Goyle. ‘Scared of pa ing the Dementor ?’ Harry ignored him and made hi   olitary way up the marble  tairca e, through the de erted corridor , and back to Gryffindor Tower. ‘Pa word?’  aid the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze. ‘Fortuna Major,’  aid Harry li tle ly. The portrait  wung open and he climbed through the hole into the common room. It wa  full of chattering fir t- and  econd-year , and a few older  tudent  who had obviou ly vi ited Hog meade  o often the novelty had worn off. ‘Harry! Harry! Hi, Harry!’ It wa  Colin Creevey, a  econd-year who wa  deeply in awe of Harry and never mi ed an opportunity to  peak to him. ‘Aren’t you going to Hog meade, Harry? Why not? Hey –’ Colin looked eagerly around at hi  friend , ‘you can come and  it with u , if you like, Harry!’ ‘Er – no, thank , Colin,’  aid Harry, who wa n’t in the mood to have a lot of people  taring avidly at the  car on hi  forehead. ‘I – I’ve got to go to the library, got to get  ome work done.’ After that, he had no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again. ‘What wa  the point of waking me up?’ the Fat Lady called grumpily after him a  he walked away. Harry wandered di piritedly toward  the library, but halfway there he changed hi  mind; he didn’t feel like working. He turned around and came face to face with Filch, who had obviou ly ju t  een off the la t of the Hog meade vi itor . ‘What are you doing?’ Filch  narled  u piciou ly. ‘Nothing,’  aid Harry truthfully. ‘Nothing!’  pat Filch, hi  jowl  quivering unplea antly. ‘A likely  tory! Sneaking around on your own, why aren’t you in Hog meade buying Stink Pellet  and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worm  like the re t of your na ty little friend ?’ Harry  hrugged. ‘Well, get back to your common room where you belong!’  napped Filch, and he  tood glaring until Harry had pa ed out of  ight. But Harry didn’t go back to the common room; he climbed a  tairca e, thinking vaguely of vi iting the Owlery to  ee Hedwig, and wa  walking along another corridor when a voice from in ide one of the room   aid, ‘Harry?’ Harry doubled back to  ee who had  poken and met Profe or Lupin, looking around hi  office door. ‘What are you doing?’  aid Lupin, in a very different voice from Filch. ‘Where are Ron and Hermione?’ ‘Hog meade,’  aid Harry, in a would-be ca ual voice. ‘Ah,’  aid Lupin. He con idered Harry for a moment. ‘Why don’t you come in? I’ve ju t taken delivery of a Grindylow for our next le on.’ ‘A what?’  aid Harry. He followed Lupin into hi  office. In the corner  tood a very large tank of water. A  ickly green creature with  harp little horn  had it  face pre ed again t the gla , pulling face  and flexing it  long,  pindly finger . ‘Water demon,’  aid Lupin,  urveying the Grindylow thoughtfully. ‘We  houldn’t have much difficulty with him, not after the Kappa . The trick i  to break hi  grip. You notice the abnormally long finger ? Strong, but very brittle.’ The Grindylow bared it  green teeth and then buried it elf in a tangle of weed in a corner. ‘Cup of tea?’ Lupin  aid, looking around for hi  kettle. ‘I wa  ju t thinking of making one.’ ‘All right,’  aid Harry awkwardly. Lupin tapped the kettle with hi  wand and a bla t of  team i ued  uddenly from the  pout. ‘Sit down,’  aid Lupin, taking the lid off a du ty tin. ‘I’ve only got teabag , I’m afraid – but I dare ay you’ve had enough of tea leave ?’ Harry looked at him. Lupin’  eye  were twinkling. ‘How did you know about that?’ Harry a ked. ‘Profe or McGonagall told me,’  aid Lupin, pa ing Harry a chipped mug of tea. ‘You’re not worried, are you?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry. He thought for a moment of telling Lupin about the dog he’d  een in Magnolia Cre cent, but decided not to. He didn’t want Lupin to think he wa  a coward, e pecially  ince Lupin already  eemed to think he couldn’t cope with a Boggart. Something of Harry’  thought   eemed to have  hown on hi  face, becau e Lupin  aid, ‘Anything worrying you, Harry?’ ‘No,’ Harry lied. He drank a bit of tea and watched the Grindylow brandi hing a fi t at him. ‘Ye ,’ he  aid  uddenly, putting hi  tea down on Lupin’  de k. ‘You know that day we fought the Boggart?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Lupin  lowly. ‘Why didn’t you let me fight it?’  aid Harry abruptly. Lupin rai ed hi  eyebrow . ‘I would have thought that wa  obviou , Harry,’ he  aid,  ounding  urpri ed. Harry, who had expected Lupin to deny that he’d done any  uch thing, wa  taken aback. ‘Why?’ he  aid again. ‘Well,’  aid Lupin, frowning  lightly, ‘I a umed that if the Boggart faced you, it would a ume the  hape of Lord Voldemort.’ Harry  tared. Not only wa  thi  the la t an wer he’d expected, but Lupin had  aid Voldemort’  name. The only per on Harry had ever heard  ay the name aloud (apart from him elf) wa  Profe or Dumbledore. ‘Clearly, I wa  wrong,’  aid Lupin,  till frowning at Harry. ‘But I didn’t think it a good idea for Lord Voldemort to materiali e in the  taff room. I imagined that people would panic.’ ‘I did think of Voldemort fir t,’  aid Harry hone tly. ‘But then I – I remembered tho e Dementor .’ ‘I  ee,’  aid Lupin thoughtfully. ‘Well, well … I’m impre ed.’ He  miled  lightly at the look of  urpri e on Harry’  face. ‘That  ugge t  that what you fear mo t of all i  – fear. Very wi e, Harry.’ Harry didn’t know what to  ay to that,  o he drank  ome more tea. ‘So you’ve been thinking that I didn’t believe you capable of fighting the Boggart?’  aid Lupin  hrewdly. ‘Well … yeah,’  aid Harry. He wa   uddenly feeling a lot happier. ‘Profe or Lupin, you know the Dementor  –’ He wa  interrupted by a knock on the door. ‘Come in,’ called Lupin. The door opened, and in came Snape. He wa  carrying a goblet, which wa   moking faintly, and  topped at the  ight of Harry, hi  black eye  narrowing. ‘Ah, Severu ,’  aid Lupin,  miling. ‘Thank  very much. Could you leave it here on the de k for me?’ Snape  et the  moking goblet down, hi  eye  wandering between Harry and Lupin. ‘I wa  ju t  howing Harry my Grindylow,’  aid Lupin plea antly, pointing at the tank. ‘Fa cinating,’  aid Snape, without looking at it. ‘You  hould drink that directly, Lupin.’ ‘Ye , ye , I will,’  aid Lupin. ‘I made an entire cauldronful,’ Snape continued. ‘If you need more.’ ‘I  hould probably take  ome again tomorrow. Thank  very much, Severu .’ ‘Not at all,’  aid Snape, but there wa  a look in hi  eye Harry didn’t like. He backed out of the room, un miling and watchful. Harry looked curiou ly at the goblet. Lupin  miled. ‘Profe or Snape ha  very kindly concocted a potion for me,’ he  aid. ‘I have never been much of a potion-brewer and thi  one i  particularly complex.’ He picked up the goblet and  niffed it. ‘Pity  ugar make  it u ele ,’ he added, taking a  ip and  huddering. ‘Why –?’ Harry began. Lupin looked at him and an wered the unfini hed que tion. ‘I’ve been feeling a bit off-colour,’ he  aid. ‘Thi  potion i  the only thing that help . I am very lucky to be working along ide Profe or Snape; there aren’t many wizard  who are up to making it.’ Profe or Lupin took another  ip and Harry had a mad urge to knock the goblet out of hi  hand . ‘Profe or Snape’  very intere ted in the Dark Art ,’ he blurted out. ‘Really?’  aid Lupin, looking only mildly intere ted a  he took another gulp of potion. ‘Some people reckon –’ Harry he itated, then plunged reckle ly on, ‘ ome people reckon he’d do anything to get the Defence Again t the Dark Art  job.’ Lupin drained the goblet and pulled a face. ‘Di gu ting,’ he  aid. ‘Well, Harry, I’d better get back to work. I’ll  ee you at the fea t later.’ ‘Right,’  aid Harry, putting hi  empty teacup down. The empty goblet wa   till  moking. * ‘There you go,’  aid Ron. ‘We got a  much a  we could carry.’ A  hower of brilliantly coloured  weet  fell into Harry’  lap. It wa  du k, and Ron and Hermione had ju t turned up in the common room, pink-faced from the cold wind and looking a  though they’d had the time of their live . ‘Thank ,’  aid Harry, picking up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imp . ‘What’  Hog meade like? Where did you go?’ By the  ound of it – everywhere. Dervi h and Bange , the wizarding equipment  hop, Zonko’  Joke Shop, into the Three Broom tick  for foaming mug  of hot Butterbeer and many place  be ide . ‘The po t office, Harry! About two hundred owl , all  itting on  helve , all colour-coded depending on how fa t you want your letter to get there!’ ‘Honeyduke  have got a new kind of fudge, they were giving out free  ample , there’  a bit, look –’ ‘We think we  aw an ogre, hone tly, they get all  ort  at the Three Broom tick  –’ ‘Wi h we could have brought you  ome Butterbeer, really warm  you up –’ ‘What did you do?’  aid Hermione, looking anxiou . ‘Did you get any work done?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry. ‘Lupin made me a cup of tea in hi  office. And then Snape came in …’ He told them all about the goblet. Ron’  mouth fell open. ‘Lupin drank it?’ he ga ped. ‘I  he mad?’ Hermione checked her watch. ‘We’d better go down, you know, the fea t’ll be  tarting in five minute  …’ They hurried through the portrait hole and into the crowd,  till di cu ing Snape. ‘But if he – you know –’ Hermione dropped her voice, glancing nervou ly around, ‘if he wa  trying to – to poi on Lupin – he wouldn’t have done it in front of Harry.’ ‘Yeah, maybe,’  aid Harry, a  they reached the Entrance Hall and cro ed into the Great Hall. It had been decorated with hundred  and hundred  of candle-filled pumpkin , a cloud of fluttering live bat  and many flaming orange  treamer , which were  wimming lazily acro  the  tormy ceiling like brilliant water nake . The food wa  deliciou ; even Hermione and Ron, who were full to bur ting with Honeyduke   weet  managed  econd helping  of everything. Harry kept glancing at the  taff table. Profe or Lupin looked cheerful and a  well a  he ever did; he wa  talking animatedly to tiny little Profe or Flitwick, the Charm  teacher. Harry moved hi  eye  along the table, to the place where Snape  at. Wa  he imagining it, or were Snape’  eye  flickering toward  Lupin more often than wa  natural? The fea t fini hed with an entertainment provided by the Hogwart  gho t . They popped out of the wall  and table  to do a  pot of formation gliding; Nearly Headle  Nick, the Gryffindor gho t, had a great  ucce  with a re-enactment of hi  own botched beheading. It had been  uch a good evening that Harry’  good mood couldn’t even be  poiled by Malfoy, who  houted through the crowd a  they all left the Hall, ‘The Dementor   end their love, Potter!’ Harry, Ron and Hermione followed the re t of the Gryffindor  along the u ual path to Gryffindor Tower, but when they reached the corridor which ended with the portrait of the Fat Lady, they found it jammed with  tudent . ‘Why i n’t anyone going in?’  aid Ron curiou ly. Harry peered over the head  in front of him. The portrait  eemed to be clo ed. ‘Let me through, plea e,’ came Percy’  voice, and he came bu tling importantly through the crowd. ‘What’  the hold-up here? You can’t all have forgotten the pa word – excu e me, I’m Head Boy –’ And then a  ilence fell over the crowd, from the front fir t,  o that a chill  eemed to  pread down the corridor. They heard Percy  ay, in a  uddenly  harp voice, ‘Somebody get Profe or Dumbledore. Quick.’ People’  head  turned; tho e at the back were  tanding on tiptoe. ‘What’  going on?’  aid Ginny, who had ju t arrived. Next moment, Profe or Dumbledore wa  there,  weeping toward  the portrait; the Gryffindor   queezed together to let him through, and Harry, Ron and Hermione moved clo er to  ee what the trouble wa . ‘Oh, my –’ Hermione exclaimed and grabbed Harry’  arm. The Fat Lady had vani hed from her portrait, which had been  la hed  o viciou ly that  trip  of canva  littered the floor; great chunk  of it had been torn away completely. Dumbledore took one quick look at the ruined painting and turned, hi  eye   ombre, to  ee Profe or  McGonagall, Lupin and Snape hurrying toward  him. ‘We need to find her,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Profe or McGonagall, plea e go to Mr Filch at once and tell him to  earch every painting in the ca tle for the Fat Lady.’ ‘You’ll be lucky!’  aid a cackling voice. It wa  Peeve  the poltergei t, bobbing over the crowd and looking delighted, a  he alway  did, at the  ight of wreckage or worry. ‘What do you mean, Peeve ?’  aid Dumbledore calmly, and Peeve ’  grin faded a little. He didn’t dare taunt Dumbledore. In tead he adopted an oily voice that wa  no better than hi  cackle. ‘A hamed, Your Head hip,  ir. Doe n’t want to be  een. She’  a horrible me . Saw her running through the land cape up on the fourth floor,  ir, dodging between the tree . Crying  omething dreadful,’ he  aid happily. ‘Poor thing,’ he added, unconvincingly. ‘Did  he  ay who did it?’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘Oh, ye , Profe orhead,’  aid Peeve , with the air of one cradling a large bomb hell in hi  arm . ‘He got very angry when  he wouldn’t let him in, you  ee.’ Peeve  flipped over, and grinned at Dumbledore from between hi  own leg . ‘Na ty temper he’  got, that Siriu  Black.’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER NINE Grim Defeat Profe or Dumbledore  ent all the Gryffindor  back to the Great Hall, where they were joined ten minute  later by the  tudent  from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin, who all looked extremely confu ed. ‘The teacher  and I need to conduct a thorough  earch of the ca tle,’ Profe or Dumbledore told them a  Profe or  McGonagall and Flitwick clo ed all door  into the Hall. ‘I’m afraid that, for your own  afety, you will have to  pend the night here. I want the Prefect  to  tand guard over the entrance  to the Hall and I am leaving the Head Boy and Girl in charge. Any di turbance  hould be reported to me immediately,’ he added to Percy, who wa  looking immen ely proud and important. ‘Send word with one of the gho t .’ Profe or Dumbledore pau ed, about to the leave the Hall, and  aid, ‘Oh, ye , you’ll be needing …’ One ca ual wave of hi  wand and the long table  flew to the edge  of the Hall and  tood them elve  again t the wall ; another wave, and the floor wa  covered with hundred  of  qua hy purple  leeping bag . ‘Sleep well,’  aid Profe or Dumbledore, clo ing the door behind him. The Hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the Gryffindor  were telling the re t of the  chool what had ju t happened. ‘Everyone into their  leeping bag !’  houted Percy. ‘Come on now, no more talking! Light  out in ten minute !’ ‘C’mon,’ Ron  aid to Harry and Hermione; they  eized three  leeping bag  and dragged them into a corner. ‘Do you think Black’   till in the ca tle?’ Hermione whi pered anxiou ly. ‘Dumbledore obviou ly think  he might be,’  aid Ron. ‘It’  very lucky he picked tonight, you know,’  aid Hermione, a  they climbed fully dre ed into their  leeping bag  and propped them elve  on their elbow  to talk. ‘The one night we weren’t in the tower …’ ‘I reckon he’  lo t track of time, being on the run,’  aid Ron. ‘Didn’t reali e it wa  Hallowe’en. Otherwi e he’d have come bur ting in here.’ Hermione  huddered. All around them, people were a king each other the  ame que tion: ‘How did he get in?’ ‘Maybe he know  how to Apparate,’  aid a Ravenclaw a few feet away. ‘Ju t appear out of thin air, you know.’ ‘Di gui ed him elf, probably’  aid a Hufflepuff fifth-year. ‘He could’ve flown in,’  ugge ted Dean Thoma . ‘Hone tly am I the only per on who’  ever bothered to read Hogwart , A Hi tory?’  aid Hermione cro ly to Harry and Ron. ‘Probably,’  aid Ron. ‘Why?’ ‘Becau e the ca tle’  protected by more than wall , you know,’  aid Hermione. ‘There are all  ort  of enchantment  on it, to  top people entering by  tealth. You can’t ju t Apparate in here. And I’d like to  ee the di gui e that could fool tho e Dementor . They’re guarding every  ingle entrance to the ground . They’d have  een him fly in, too. And Filch know  all the  ecret pa age , they’ll have them covered …’ ‘The light  are going out now!’ Percy  houted. ‘I want everyone in their  leeping bag  and no more talking!’ The candle  all went out at once. The only light now came from the  ilvery gho t , who were drifting about talking  eriou ly to the Prefect , and the enchanted ceiling, which, like the  ky out ide, wa   cattered with  tar . What with that, and the whi pering that  till filled the Hall, Harry felt a  though he wa   leeping out of door  in a light wind. Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the Hall to check that everything wa  quiet. Around three in the morning, when many  tudent  had finally fallen a leep, Profe or Dumbledore came in. Harry watched him looking around for Percy, who had been prowling between the  leeping bag , telling people off for talking. Percy wa  only a  hort way away from Harry, Ron and Hermione, who quickly pretended to be a leep a  Dumbledore’  foot tep  drew nearer. ‘Any  ign of him, Profe or?’ a ked Percy in a whi per. ‘No. All well here?’ ‘Everything under control,  ir.’ ‘Good. There’  no point moving them all now. I’ve found a temporary guardian for the Gryffindor portrait hole. You’ll be able to move them back in tomorrow.’ ‘And the Fat Lady,  ir?’ ‘Hiding in a map of Argyll hire on the  econd floor. Apparently  he refu ed to let Black in without the pa word,  o he attacked. She’   till very di tre ed, but once  he’  calmed down, I’ll have Mr Filch re tore her.’ Harry heard the door of the Hall creak open again, and more foot tep . ‘Headma ter?’ It wa  Snape. Harry kept quite  till, li tening hard. ‘The whole of the third floor ha  been  earched. He’  not there. And Filch ha  done the dungeon ; nothing there, either.’ ‘What about the A tronomy tower? Profe or Trelawney’  room? The Owlery?’ ‘All  earched …’ ‘Very well, Severu . I didn’t really expect Black to linger.’ ‘Have you any theory a  to how he got in, Profe or?’ a ked Snape. Harry rai ed hi  head very  lightly off hi  arm  to free hi  other ear. ‘Many Severu , each of them a  unlikely a  the next.’ Harry opened hi  eye  a fraction and  quinted up to where they  tood; Dumbledore’  back wa  to him, but he could  ee Percy’  face, rapt with attention, and Snape’  profile, which looked angry. ‘You remember the conver ation we had, Headma ter, ju t before – ah – the  tart of term?’  aid Snape, who wa  barely opening hi  lip , a  though trying to block Percy out of the conver ation. ‘I do, Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore, and there wa   omething like warning in hi  voice. ‘It  eem  – almo t impo ible – that Black could have entered the  chool without in ide help. I did expre  my concern  when you appointed –’ ‘I do not believe a  ingle per on in ide thi  ca tle would have helped Black enter it,’  aid Dumbledore, and hi  tone made it  o clear that the  ubject wa  clo ed that Snape didn’t reply. ‘I mu t go down to the Dementor ,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘I  aid I would inform them when our  earch wa  complete.’ ‘Didn’t they want to help,  ir?’  aid Percy. ‘Oh ye ,’  aid Dumbledore coldly. ‘But I’m afraid no Dementor will cro  the thre hold of thi  ca tle while I am Headma ter.’ Percy looked  lightly aba hed. Dumbledore left the hall, walking quickly and quietly. Snape  tood for a moment, watching the Headma ter with an expre ion of deep re entment on hi  face, then he, too, left. Harry glanced  ideway  at Ron and Hermione. Both of them had their eye  open, too, reflecting the  tarry ceiling. ‘What wa  all that about?’ Ron mouthed. * The  chool talked of nothing but Siriu  Black for the next few day . The theorie  about how he had entered the ca tle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff,  pent much of their next Herbology cla  telling anyone who’d li ten that Black could turn into a flowering  hrub. The Fat Lady’  ripped canva  had been taken off the wall and replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and hi  fat grey pony. Nobody wa  very happy about thi . Sir Cadogan  pent half hi  time challenging people to duel , and the re t thinking up ridiculou ly complicated pa word , which he changed at lea t twice a day. ‘He’  barking mad,’  aid Seamu  Finnigan angrily to Percy. ‘Can’t we get anyone el e?’ ‘None of the other picture  wanted the job,’  aid Percy. ‘Frightened of what happened to the Fat Lady. Sir Cadogan wa  the only one brave enough to volunteer.’ Sir Cadogan, however, wa  the lea t of Harry’  worrie . He wa  now being clo ely watched. Teacher  found excu e  to walk along corridor  with him and Percy Wea ley (acting, Harry  u pected, on hi  mother’  order ) wa  tailing him everywhere like an extremely pompou  guard dog. To cap it all, Profe or McGonagall  ummoned Harry into her office, with  uch a  ombre expre ion on her face Harry thought  omeone mu t have died. ‘There’  no point hiding it from you any longer, Potter,’  he  aid, in a very  eriou  voice. ‘I know thi  will come a  a  hock to you, but Siriu  Black –’ ‘I know he’  after me,’  aid Harry wearily. ‘I heard Ron’  dad telling hi  mum. Mr Wea ley work  for the Mini try of Magic.’ Profe or McGonagall  eemed very taken aback. She  tared at Harry for a moment or two, then  aid, ‘I  ee! Well, in that ca e, Potter, you’ll under tand why I don’t think it’  a good idea for you to be practi ing Quidditch in the evening . Out on the pitch with only your team member , it’  very expo ed, Potter –’ ‘We’ve got our fir t match on Saturday!’  aid Harry, outraged. ‘I’ve got to train, Profe or!’ Profe or McGonagall con idered him intently. Harry knew  he wa  deeply intere ted in the Gryffindor team’  pro pect ; it had been  he, after all, who’d  ugge ted him a  Seeker in the fir t place. He waited, holding hi  breath. ‘Hmm …’ Profe or McGonagall  tood up and  tared out of the window at the Quidditch pitch, ju t vi ible through the rain. ‘Well … goodne  know , I’d like to  ee u  win the cup at la t … but all the  ame, Potter … I’d be happier if a teacher were pre ent. I’ll a k Madam Hooch to over ee your training  e ion .’ * The weather wor ened  teadily a  the fir t Quidditch match drew nearer. Undaunted, the Gryffindor team were training harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch. Then, at their final training  e ion before Saturday’  match, Oliver Wood gave hi  team  ome unwelcome new . ‘We’re not playing Slytherin!’ he told them, looking very angry. ‘Flint’  ju t been to  ee me. We’re playing Hufflepuff in tead.’ ‘Why?’ choru ed the re t of the team. ‘Flint’  excu e i  that their Seeker’  arm’   till injured,’  aid Wood, grinding hi  teeth furiou ly. ‘But it’  obviou  why they’re doing it. Don’t want to play in thi  weather. Think it’ll damage their chance  …’ There had been  trong wind  and heavy rain all day, and a  Wood  poke, they heard a di tant rumble of thunder. ‘There’  nothing wrong with Malfoy’  arm!’  aid Harry furiou ly. ‘He’  faking it!’ ‘I know that, but we can’t prove it,’  aid Wood bitterly. ‘And we’ve been practi ing all tho e move  a uming we’re playing Slytherin, and in tead it’  Hufflepuff, and their  tyle’  quite different. They’ve got a new captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory –’ Angelina, Alicia and Katie  uddenly giggled. ‘What?’  aid Wood, frowning at thi  light-hearted behaviour. ‘He’  that tall, good-looking one, i n’t he?’  aid Angelina. ‘Strong and  ilent,’  aid Katie, and they  tarted to giggle again. ‘He’  only  ilent becau e he’  too thick to  tring two word  together,’  aid Fred impatiently. ‘I don’t know why you’re worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff are a pu hover. La t time we played them, Harry caught the Snitch in about five minute , remember?’ ‘We were playing in completely different condition !’ Wood  houted, hi  eye  bulging  lightly. ‘Diggory’  put a very  trong  ide together! He’  an excellent Seeker! I wa  afraid you’d take it like thi ! We mu tn’t relax! We mu t keep our focu ! Slytherin are trying to wrong-foot u ! We mu t win!’ ‘Oliver, calm down!’  aid Fred, looking  lightly alarmed. ‘We’re taking Hufflepuff very  eriou ly. Seriou ly.’ * The day before the match, the wind  reached howling point and the rain fell harder than ever. It wa   o dark in ide the corridor  and cla room  that extra torche  and lantern  were lit. The Slytherin team were looking very  mug indeed, and none more  o than Malfoy. ‘Ah, if only my arm wa  feeling a bit better!’ he  ighed, a  the gale out ide pounded the window . Harry had no room in hi  head to worry about anything except the match next day. Oliver Wood kept hurrying up to him between cla e  and giving him tip . The third time thi  happened, Wood talked for  o long that Harry  uddenly reali ed he wa  ten minute  late for Defence Again t the Dark Art , and  et off at a run with Wood  houting after him, ‘Diggory’  got a very fa t  werve, Harry,  o you might want to try looping him –’ Harry  kidded to a halt out ide the Defence Again t the Dark Art  cla room, pulled the door open and da hed in ide. ‘Sorry I’m late, Profe or Lupin, I –’ But it wa n’t Profe or Lupin who looked up at him from the teacher’  de k; it wa  Snape. ‘Thi  le on began ten minute  ago, Potter,  o I think we’ll make it ten point  from Gryffindor. Sit down.’ But Harry didn’t move. ‘Where’  Profe or Lupin?’ he  aid. ‘He  ay  he i  feeling too ill to teach today,’  aid Snape with a twi ted  mile. ‘I believe I told you to  it down?’ But Harry  tayed where he wa . ‘What’  wrong with him?’ Snape’  black eye  glittered. ‘Nothing life-threatening,’ he  aid, looking a  though he wi hed it wa . ‘Five more point  from Gryffindor, and if I have to a k you to  it down again, it will be fifty.’ Harry walked  lowly to hi   eat and  at down. Snape looked around at the cla . ‘A  I wa   aying before Potter interrupted, Profe or Lupin ha  not left any record of the topic  you have covered  o far –’ ‘Plea e,  ir, we’ve done Boggart , Red Cap , Kappa  and Grindylow ,’  aid Hermione quickly, ‘and we’re ju t about to  tart –’ ‘Be quiet,’  aid Snape coldly. ‘I did not a k for information. I wa  merely commenting on Profe or Lupin’  lack of organi ation.’ ‘He’  the be t Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher we’ve ever had,’  aid Dean Thoma  boldly, and there wa  a murmur of agreement from the re t of the cla . Snape looked more menacing than ever. ‘You are ea ily  ati fied. Lupin i  hardly over-taxing you – I would expect fir t-year  to be able to deal with Red Cap  and Grindylow . Today we  hall di cu  –’ Harry watched him flick through the textbook, to the very back chapter, which he mu t know they hadn’t covered. ‘– werewolve ,’  aid Snape. ‘But,  ir,’  aid Hermione,  eemingly unable to re train her elf, ‘we’re not  uppo ed to do werewolve  yet, we’re due to  tart Hinkypunk  –’ ‘Mi  Granger,’  aid Snape, in a voice of deadly calm, ‘I wa  under the impre ion that I wa  taking thi  le on, not you. And I am telling you all to turn to page three hundred and ninety-four.’ He glanced around again. ‘All of you! Now!’ With many bitter  idelong look  and  ome  ullen muttering, the cla  opened their book . ‘Which of you can tell me how we di tingui h between the werewolf and the true wolf?’  aid Snape. Everyone  at in motionle   ilence; everyone except Hermione, who e hand, a  it  o often did, had  hot  traight into the air. ‘Anyone?’ Snape  aid, ignoring Hermione. Hi  twi ted  mile wa  back. ‘Are you telling me that Profe or Lupin ha n’t even taught you the ba ic di tinction between –’ ‘We told you,’  aid Parvati  uddenly, ‘we haven’t got a  far a  werewolve  yet, we’re  till on –’ ‘Silence!’  narled Snape. ‘Well, well, well, I never thought I’d meet a third-year cla  who wouldn’t even recogni e a werewolf when they  aw one. I  hall make a point of informing Profe or Dumbledore how very behind you all are …’ ‘Plea e,  ir,’  aid Hermione, who e hand wa   till in the air, ‘the werewolf differ  from the true wolf in  everal  mall way . The  nout of the werewolf –’ ‘That i  the  econd time you have  poken out of turn, Mi  Granger,’  aid Snape coolly. ‘Five more point  from Gryffindor for being an in ufferable know-it-all.’ Hermione went very red, put down her hand and  tared at the floor with her eye  full of tear . It wa  a mark of how much the cla  loathed Snape that they were all glaring at him, becau e every one of them had called Hermione a know-it-all at lea t once, and Ron, who told Hermione  he wa  a know-it-all at lea t twice a week,  aid loudly, ‘You a ked u  a que tion and  he know  the an wer! Why a k if you don’t want to be told?’ The cla  knew in tantly he’d gone too far. Snape advanced on Ron  lowly, and the room held it  breath. ‘Detention, Wea ley,’ Snape  aid  ilkily hi  face very clo e to Ron’ . ‘And if I ever hear you critici e the way I teach a cla  again, you will be very  orry indeed.’ No one made a  ound throughout the re t of the le on. They  at and made note  on werewolve  from the textbook, while Snape prowled up and down the row  of de k , examining the work they had been doing with Profe or Lupin. ‘Very poorly explained … that i  incorrect, the Kappa i  more commonly found in Mongolia … Profe or Lupin gave thi  eight out of ten? I wouldn’t have given it three …’ When the bell rang at la t, Snape held them back. ‘You will each write an e ay, to be handed in to me, on the way  you recogni e and kill werewolve . I want two roll  of parchment on the  ubject, and I want them by Monday morning. It i  time  omebody took thi  cla  in hand. Wea ley,  tay behind, we need to arrange your detention.’ Harry and Hermione left the room with the re t of the cla , who waited until they were well out of ear hot, then bur t into a furiou  tirade about Snape. ‘Snape’  never been like thi  with any of our other Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher , even if he did want the job,’ Harry  aid to Hermione. ‘Why’  he got it in for Lupin? D’you think thi  i  all becau e of the Boggart?’ ‘I don’t know,’  aid Hermione pen ively. ‘But I really hope Profe or Lupin get  better  oon …’ Ron caught up with them five minute  later, in a towering rage. ‘D’you know what that –’ (he called Snape  omething that made Hermione  ay ‘Ron!’) ‘– i  making me do? I’ve got to  crub out the bedpan  in the ho pital wing. Without magic!’ He wa  breathing deeply, hi  fi t  clenched. ‘Why couldn’t Black have hidden in Snape’  office, eh? He could have fini hed him off for u !’ * Harry woke extremely early next morning;  o early that it wa   till dark. For a moment he thought the roaring of the wind had woken him, then he felt a cold breeze on the back of hi  neck and  at bolt upright – Peeve  the poltergei t had been floating next to him, blowing hard in hi  ear. ‘What did you do that for?’  aid Harry furiou ly. Peeve  puffed out hi  cheek , blew hard and zoomed backward  out of the room, cackling. Harry fumbled for hi  alarm clock and looked at it. It wa  half pa t four. Cur ing Peeve , he rolled over and tried to get back to  leep, but it wa  very difficult, now he wa  awake, to ignore the  ound  of the thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind again t the ca tle wall  and the di tant creaking of the tree  in the Forbidden Fore t. In a few hour  he would be out on the Quidditch pitch, battling through that gale. Finally he gave up any thought of more  leep, got up, dre ed, picked up hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and and walked quietly out of the dormitory. A  Harry opened the door,  omething bru hed again t hi  leg. He bent down ju t in time to grab Crook hank  by the end of hi  bu hy tail, and drag him out ide. ‘You know, I reckon Ron wa  right about you,’ Harry told Crook hank   u piciou ly. ‘There are plenty of mice around thi  place, go and cha e them. Go on,’ he added, nudging Crook hank  down the  piral  tairca e with hi  foot, ‘leave Scabber  alone.’ The noi e of the  torm wa  even louder in the common room. Harry knew better than to think the match would be cancelled; Quidditch matche  weren’t called off for trifle   uch a  thunder torm . Neverthele , he wa   tarting to feel very apprehen ive. Wood had pointed out Cedric Diggory to him in the corridor; Diggory wa  a fifth year and a lot bigger than Harry. Seeker  were u ually light and  peedy, but Diggory’  weight would be an advantage in thi  weather becau e he wa  le  likely to be blown off cour e. Harry whiled away the hour  until dawn in front of the fire, getting up every now and then to  top Crook hank   neaking up the boy ’  tairca e again. At long la t Harry thought it mu t be time for breakfa t,  o he headed through the portrait hole alone. ‘Stand and fight, you mangy cur!’ yelled Sir Cadogan. ‘Oh,  hut up,’ Harry yawned. He revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by the time he’d  tarted on toa t, the re t of the team had turned up. ‘It’  going to be a tough one,’  aid Wood, who wa n’t eating anything. ‘Stop worrying, Oliver,’  aid Alicia  oothingly, ‘we don’t mind a bit of rain.’ But it wa  con iderably more than a bit of rain. Such wa  the popularity of Quidditch that the whole  chool turned out to watch the match a  u ual, but they ran down the lawn  toward  the Quidditch pitch, head  bowed again t the ferociou  wind, umbrella  being whipped out of their hand  a  they went. Ju t before he entered the changing room, Harry  aw Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle laughing and pointing at him from under an enormou  umbrella on their way to the  tadium. The team changed into their  carlet robe  and waited for Wood’  u ual pre-match pep talk, but it didn’t come. He tried to  peak  everal time , made an odd gulping noi e, then  hook hi  head hopele ly and beckoned them to follow him. The wind wa   o  trong that they  taggered  ideway  a  they walked out onto the pitch. If the crowd wa  cheering they couldn’t hear it over the fre h roll  of thunder. Rain wa   plattering over Harry’  gla e . How on earth wa  he going to  ee the Snitch in thi ? The Hufflepuff  were approaching from the oppo ite  ide of the pitch, wearing canary-yellow robe . The captain  walked up to each other and  hook hand ; Diggory  miled at Wood but Wood now looked a  though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. Harry  aw Madam Hooch’  mouth form the word , ‘Mount your broom .’ He pulled hi  right foot out of the mud with a  quelch and  wung it over hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and. Madam Hooch put her whi tle to her lip  and gave it a bla t that  ounded  hrill and di tant – they were off. Harry ro e fa t, but hi  Nimbu  wa   werving  lightly with the wind. He held it a   teady a  he could and turned,  quinting into the rain. Within five minute  Harry wa   oaked to hi   kin and frozen, hardly able to  ee hi  team-mate , let alone the tiny Snitch. He flew backward  and forward  acro  the pitch, pa t blurred red and yellow  hape , with no idea of what wa  happening in the re t of the game. He couldn’t hear the commentary over the wind. The crowd wa  hidden beneath a  ea of cloak  and battered umbrella . Twice Harry came very clo e to being un eated by a Bludger; hi  vi ion wa   o clouded by the rain on hi  gla e  he hadn’t  een them coming. He lo t track of time. It wa  getting harder and harder to hold hi  broom  traight. The  ky wa  getting darker, a  though night had decided to come early. Twice Harry nearly hit another player, without knowing whether it wa  a team-mate or opponent; everyone wa  now  o wet, and the rain  o thick, he could hardly tell them apart … With the fir t fla h of lightning came the  ound of Madam Hooch’  whi tle; Harry could ju t  ee the outline of Wood through the thick rain, ge turing him to the ground. The whole team  pla hed down into the mud. ‘I called for time out!’ Wood roared at hi  team. ‘Come on, under here –’ They huddled at the edge of the pitch under a large umbrella; Harry took off hi  gla e  and wiped them hurriedly on hi  robe . ‘What’  the  core?’ ‘We’re fifty point  up,’  aid Wood, ‘but unle  we get the Snitch  oon, we’ll be playing into the night.’ ‘I’ve got no chance with the e on,’ Harry  aid exa peratedly, waving hi  gla e . At that very moment, Hermione appeared at hi   houlder;  he wa  holding her cloak over her head and wa , inexplicably, beaming. ‘I’ve had an idea, Harry! Give me your gla e , quick!’ He handed them to her and, a  the team watched in amazement, Hermione tapped them with her wand and  aid, ‘Imperviu !’ ‘There!’  he  aid, handing them back to Harry. ‘They’ll repel water!’ Wood looked a  though he could have ki ed her. ‘Brilliant!’ he called hoar ely after her, a   he di appeared into the crowd. ‘OK, team, let’  go for it!’ Hermione’   pell had done the trick. Harry wa   till numb with cold,  till wetter than he’d ever been in hi  life, but he could  ee. Full of fre h determination, he urged hi  broom through the turbulent air,  taring in every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, ducking beneath Diggory, who wa   treaking in the oppo ite direction … There wa  another clap of thunder, followed immediately by forked lightning. Thi  wa  getting more and more dangerou . Harry needed to get the Snitch quickly – He turned, intending to head back toward  the middle of the pitch, but at that moment, another fla h of lightning illuminated the  tand , and Harry  aw  omething that di tracted him completely: the  ilhouette of an enormou   haggy black dog, clearly imprinted again t the  ky, motionle  in the topmo t, empty row of  eat . Harry’  numb hand   lipped on the broom handle and hi  Nimbu  dropped a few feet. Shaking hi   odden fringe out of hi  eye , he  quinted back into the  tand . The dog had vani hed. ‘Harry!’ came Wood’  angui hed yell from the Gryffindor goalpo t . ‘Harry, behind you!’ Harry looked wildly around. Cedric Diggory wa  pelting up the pitch, and a tiny  peck of gold wa   himmering in the rain-filled air between them … With a jolt of panic, Harry threw him elf flat to the broom handle and zoomed toward  the Snitch. ‘Come on!’ he growled at hi  Nimbu , a  the rain whipped hi  face. ‘Fa ter!’ But  omething odd wa  happening. An eerie  ilence wa  falling acro  the  tadium. The wind, though a   trong a  ever, wa  forgetting to roar. It wa  a  though  omeone had turned off the  ound, a  though Harry had gone  uddenly deaf – what wa  going on? And then a horribly familiar wave of cold  wept over him, in ide him, ju t a  he became aware of  omething moving on the pitch below … Before he’d had time to think, Harry had taken hi  eye  off the Snitch and looked down. At lea t a hundred Dementor , their hidden face  pointing up at him, were  tanding below. It wa  a  though freezing water wa  ri ing in hi  che t, cutting at hi  in ide . And then he heard it again …  omeone wa   creaming,  creaming in ide hi  head … a woman … ‘Not Harry, not Harry, plea e not Harry!’ ‘Stand a ide, you  illy girl …  tand a ide, now …’ ‘Not Harry, plea e no, take me, kill me in tead –’ Numbing,  wirling white mi t wa  filling Harry’  brain … What wa  he doing? Why wa  he flying? He needed to help her …  he wa  going to die …  he wa  going to be murdered … He wa  falling, falling through the icy mi t. ‘Not Harry! Plea e … have mercy … have mercy …’ A  hrill voice wa  laughing, the woman wa   creaming, and Harry knew no more. * ‘Lucky the ground wa   o  oft.’ ‘I thought he wa  dead for  ure.’ ‘But he didn’t even break hi  gla e .’ Harry could hear the voice  whi pering, but they made no  en e what oever. He didn’t have a clue where he wa , or how he’d got there, or what he’d been doing before he got there. All he knew wa  that every inch of him wa  aching a  though it had been beaten. ‘That wa  the  carie t thing I’ve ever  een in my life.’ Scarie t … the  carie t thing … hooded black figure  … cold …  creaming … Harry’  eye   napped open. He wa  lying in the ho pital wing. The Gryffindor Quidditch team,  pattered with mud from head to foot, wa  gathered around hi  bed. Ron and Hermione were al o there, looking a  though they’d ju t climbed out of a  wimming pool. ‘Harry!’  aid Fred, who looked extremely white underneath the mud. ‘How’re you feeling?’ It wa  a  though Harry’  memory wa  on fa t forward. The lightning … the Grim … the Snitch … and the Dementor  … ‘What happened?’ he  aid,  itting up  o  uddenly they all ga ped. ‘You fell off,’  aid Fred. ‘Mu t’ve been – what – fifty feet?’ ‘We thought you’d died,’  aid Alicia, who wa   haking. Hermione made a  mall,  queaky noi e. Her eye  were extremely blood hot. ‘But the match,’  aid Harry. ‘What happened? Are we having a replay?’ No one  aid anything. The horrible truth  ank into Harry like a  tone. ‘We didn’t – lo e?’ ‘Diggory got the Snitch,’  aid George. ‘Ju t after you fell. He didn’t reali e what had happened. When he looked back and  aw you on the ground, he tried to call it off. Wanted a re-match. But they won fair and  quare … even Wood admit  it.’ ‘Where i  Wood?’  aid Harry,  uddenly reali ing he wa n’t there. ‘Still in the  hower ,’  aid Fred. ‘We think he’  trying to drown him elf.’ Harry put hi  face to hi  knee , hi  hand  gripping hi  hair. Fred grabbed hi   houlder and  hook it roughly. ‘C’mon, Harry, you’ve never mi ed the Snitch before.’ ‘There had to be one time you didn’t get it,’  aid George. ‘It’  not over yet,’  aid Fred. ‘We lo t by a hundred point , right? So if Hufflepuff lo e to Ravenclaw and we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin …’ ‘Hufflepuff’ll have to lo e by at lea t two hundred point ,’  aid George. ‘But if they beat Ravenclaw …’ ‘No way, Ravenclaw are too good. But if Slytherin lo e again t Hufflepuff …’ ‘It all depend  on the point  – a margin of a hundred either way –’ Harry lay there, not  aying a word. They had lo t … for the fir t time ever, he had lo t a Quidditch match. After ten minute  or  o, Madam Pomfrey came over to tell the team to leave him in peace. ‘We’ll come and  ee you later,’ Fred told him. ‘Don’t beat your elf up, Harry, you’re  till the be t Seeker we’ve ever had.’ The team trooped out, trailing mud behind them. Madam Pomfrey  hut the door behind them looking di approving. Ron and Hermione moved nearer to Harry’  bed. ‘Dumbledore wa  really angry,’ Hermione  aid in a quaking voice. ‘I’ve never  een him like that before. He ran onto the pitch a  you fell, waved hi  wand, and you  ort of  lowed down before you hit the ground. Then he whirled hi  wand at the Dementor . Shot  ilver  tuff at them. They left the  tadium  traight away … he wa  furiou  they’d come into the ground , we heard him –’ ‘Then he magicked you onto a  tretcher,’  aid Ron. ‘And walked up to  chool with you floating on it. Everyone thought you were …’ Hi  voice faded away, but Harry hardly noticed. He wa  thinking about what the Dementor  had done to him … about the  creaming voice. He looked up and  aw Ron and Hermione looking at him  o anxiou ly that he quickly ca t around for  omething matter-of-fact to  ay. ‘Did  omeone get my Nimbu ?’ Ron and Hermione looked quickly at each other. ‘Er –’ ‘What?’  aid Harry, looking from one to the other. ‘Well … when you fell off, it got blown away,’  aid Hermione he itantly. ‘And?’ ‘And it hit – it hit – oh, Harry – it hit the Whomping Willow.’ Harry’  in ide  lurched. The Whomping Willow wa  a very violent tree which  tood alone in the middle of the ground . ‘And?’ he  aid, dreading the an wer. ‘Well, you know the Whomping Willow,’  aid Ron. ‘It – it doe n’t like being hit.’ ‘Profe or Flitwick brought it back ju t before you came round,’  aid Hermione in a very  mall voice. Slowly,  he reached down for a bag at her feet, turned it up ide-down and tipped a dozen bit  of  plintered wood and twig onto the bed, the only remain  of Harry’  faithful, finally beaten broom tick. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TEN The Marauder’  Map Madam Pomfrey in i ted on keeping Harry in the ho pital wing for the re t of the weekend. He didn’t argue or complain, but he wouldn’t let her throw away the  hattered remnant  of hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and. He knew he wa  being  tupid, knew that the Nimbu  wa  beyond repair, but Harry couldn’t help it; he felt a  though he’d lo t one of hi  be t friend . He had a  tream of vi itor , all intent on cheering him up. Hagrid  ent him a bunch of earwiggy flower  that looked like yellow cabbage  and Ginny Wea ley, blu hing furiou ly, turned up with a ‘get well’ card  he had made her elf, which  ang  hrilly unle  Harry kept it  hut under hi  bowl of fruit. The Gryffindor team vi ited again on Sunday morning, thi  time accompanied by Wood, who told Harry, in a hollow, dead  ort of voice, that he didn’t blame him in the  lighte t. Ron and Hermione only left Harry’  bed ide at night. But nothing anyone  aid or did could make Harry feel any better, becau e they only knew half of what wa  troubling him. He hadn’t told anyone about the Grim, not even Ron and Hermione, becau e he knew Ron would panic and Hermione would  coff. The fact remained, however, that it had now appeared twice, and both appearance  had been followed by near-fatal accident ; the fir t time, he had nearly been run over by the Knight Bu ; the  econd, fallen fifty feet from hi  broom tick. Wa  the Grim going to haunt him until he actually died? Wa  he going to  pend the re t of hi  life looking over hi   houlder for the bea t? And then there were the Dementor . Harry felt  ick and humiliated every time he thought of them. Everyone  aid the Dementor  were horrible, but no one el e collap ed every time they went near one … no one el e heard echoe  in their head of their dying parent . For Harry knew who that  creaming voice belonged to now. He had heard her word , heard them over and over again during the night hour  in the ho pital wing while he lay awake,  taring at the  trip  of moonlight on the ceiling. When the Dementor  approached him, he heard the la t moment  of hi  mother’  life, her attempt  to protect him, Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Voldemort’  laughter before he murdered her … Harry dozed fitfully,  inking into dream  full of clammy, rotted hand  and petrified pleading, jerking awake only to dwell again on the  ound of hi  mother’  voice. * It wa  a relief to return on Monday to the noi e and bu tle of the main  chool, where he wa  forced to think about other thing , even if he had to endure Draco Malfoy’  taunting. Malfoy wa  almo t be ide him elf with glee at Gryffindor’  defeat. He had finally taken off hi  bandage , and celebrated having the full u e of both arm  again by doing  pirited imitation  of Harry falling off hi  broom. Malfoy  pent much of their next Potion  cla  doing Dementor imitation  acro  the dungeon; Ron finally cracked, flinging a large,  lippery crocodile heart at Malfoy, which hit him in the face and cau ed Snape to take fifty point  from Gryffindor. ‘If Snape’  taking Defence Again t the Dark Art  again, I’m going off  ick,’  aid Ron, a  they headed toward  Lupin’  cla room after lunch. ‘Check who’  in there, Hermione.’ Hermione peered around the cla room door. ‘It’  OK!’ Profe or Lupin wa  back at work. It certainly looked a  though he had been ill. Hi  old robe  were hanging more loo ely on him and there were dark  hadow  beneath hi  eye ; neverthele , he  miled at the cla  a  they took their  eat , and they bur t at once into an explo ion of complaint  about Snape’  behaviour while Lupin had been ill. ‘It’  not fair, he wa  only filling in, why  hould he  et u  homework?’ ‘We don’t know anything about werewolve  –’ ‘– two roll  of parchment!’ ‘Did you tell Profe or Snape we haven’t covered them yet?’ Lupin a ked, frowning  lightly. The babble broke out again. ‘Ye , but he  aid we were really behind –’ ‘– he wouldn’t li ten –’ ‘– two roll  of parchment!’ Profe or Lupin  miled at the look of indignation on every face. ‘Don’t worry. I’ll  peak to Profe or Snape. You don’t have to do the e ay.’ ‘Oh no,’  aid Hermione, looking very di appointed. ‘I’ve already fini hed it!’ They had a very enjoyable le on. Profe or Lupin had brought along a gla  box containing a Hinkypunk, a little one-legged creature who  eemed a  though he wa  made of wi p  of  moke, rather frail and harmle -looking. ‘Lure  traveller  into bog ,’  aid Profe or Lupin, a  they took note . ‘You notice the lantern dangling from hi  hand? Hop  ahead – people follow the light – then –’ The Hinkypunk made a horrible  quelching noi e again t the gla . When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their thing  and headed for the door, Harry among t them, but – ‘Wait a moment, Harry,’ Lupin called, ‘I’d like a word.’ Harry doubled back and watched Profe or Lupin covering the Hinkypunk’  box with a cloth. ‘I heard about the match,’  aid Lupin, turning back to hi  de k and  tarting to pile book  into hi  briefca e, ‘and I’m  orry about your broom tick. I  there any chance of fixing it?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry. ‘The tree  ma hed it to bit .’ Lupin  ighed. ‘They planted the Whomping Willow the  ame year that I arrived at Hogwart . People u ed to play a game, trying to get near enough to touch the trunk. In the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lo t an eye, and we were forbidden to go near it. No broom tick would have a chance.’ ‘Did you hear about the Dementor , too?’  aid Harry with difficulty. Lupin looked at him quickly. ‘Ye , I did. I don’t think any of u  have  een Profe or Dumbledore that angry. They have been growing re tle  for  ome time … furiou  at hi  refu al to let them in ide the ground  … I  uppo e they were the rea on you fell?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. He he itated, and then the que tion he had to a k bur t from him before he could  top him elf. ‘Why? Why do they affect me like that? Am I ju t –?’ ‘It ha  nothing to do with weakne ,’  aid Profe or Lupin  harply, a  though he had read Harry’  mind. ‘The Dementor  affect you wor e than the other  becau e there are horror  in your pa t that the other  don’t have.’ A ray of wintry  unlight fell acro  the cla room, illuminating Lupin’  grey hair  and the line  on hi  young face. ‘Dementor  are among the foule t creature  that walk thi  earth. They infe t the darke t, filthie t place , they glory in decay and de pair, they drain peace, hope and happine  out of the air around them. Even Muggle  feel their pre ence, though they can’t  ee them. Get too near a Dementor and every good feeling, every happy memory, will be  ucked out of you. If it can, the Dementor will feed on you long enough to reduce you to  omething like it elf –  oulle  and evil. You’ll be left with nothing but the wor t experience  of your life. And the wor t that ha  happened to you, Harry, i  enough to make anyone fall off their broom. You have nothing to feel a hamed of.’ ‘When they get near me –’ Harry  tared at Lupin’  de k, hi  throat tight, ‘I can hear Voldemort murdering my mum.’ Lupin made a  udden motion with hi  arm a  though he had made to grip Harry’   houlder, but thought better of it. There wa  a moment’   ilence; then – ‘Why did they have to come to the match?’  aid Harry bitterly. ‘They’re getting hungry,’  aid Lupin coolly,  hutting hi  briefca e with a  nap. ‘Dumbledore won’t let them into the  chool,  o their  upply of human prey ha  dried up … I don’t think they could re i t the large crowd around the Quidditch pitch. All that excitement … emotion  running high … it wa  their idea of a fea t.’ ‘Azkaban mu t be terrible,’ Harry muttered. Lupin nodded grimly. ‘The fortre  i   et on a tiny i land, way out to  ea, but they don’t need wall  and water to keep the pri oner  in, not when they’re all trapped in ide their own head , incapable of a  ingle cheerful thought. Mo t of them go mad within week .’ ‘But Siriu  Black e caped from them,’ Harry  aid  lowly. ‘He got away …’ Lupin’  briefca e  lipped from the de k; he had to  toop quickly to catch it. ‘Ye ,’ he  aid,  traightening up. ‘Black mu t have found a way to fight them. I wouldn’t have believed it po ible … Dementor  are  uppo ed to drain a wizard of hi  power  if he i  left with them too long …’ ‘You made that Dementor on the train back off,’  aid Harry  uddenly. ‘There are – certain defence  one can u e,’  aid Lupin. ‘But there wa  only one Dementor on the train. The more there are, the more difficult it become  to re i t.’ ‘What defence ?’  aid Harry at once. ‘Can you teach me?’ ‘I don’t pretend to be an expert at fighting Dementor , Harry – quite the contrary …’ ‘But if the Dementor  come to another Quidditch match, I need to be able to fight them –’ Lupin looked into Harry’  determined face, he itated, then  aid, ‘Well … all right. I’ll try and help. But it’ll have to wait until next term, I’m afraid. I have a lot to do before the holiday . I cho e a very inconvenient time to fall ill.’ * What with the promi e of Anti-Dementor le on  from Lupin, the thought that he might never have to hear hi  mother’  death again, and the fact that Ravenclaw flattened Hufflepuff in their Quidditch match at the end of November, Harry’  mood took a definite upturn. Gryffindor were not out of the running after all, although they could not afford to lo e another match. Wood became repo e ed of hi  manic energy, and worked hi  team a  hard a  ever in the chilly haze of rain that per i ted into December. Harry  aw no hint of a Dementor within the ground . Dumbledore’  anger  eemed to be keeping them at their  tation  at the entrance . Two week  before the end of term, the  ky lightened  uddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy ground  were revealed one morning covered in glittering fro t. In ide the ca tle, there wa  a buzz of Chri tma  in the air. Profe or Flitwick, the Charm  teacher, had already decorated hi  cla room with  himmering light  that turned out to be real, fluttering fairie . The  tudent  were all happily di cu ing their plan  for the holiday . Both Ron and Hermione had decided to remain at Hogwart , and though Ron  aid it wa  becau e he couldn’t  tand two week  with Percy, and Hermione in i ted  he needed to u e the library, Harry wa n’t fooled; they were doing it to keep him company, and he wa  very grateful. To everyone’  delight except Harry’ , there wa  to be another Hog meade trip on the very la t weekend of term. ‘We can do all our Chri tma   hopping there!’  aid Hermione. ‘Mum and Dad would really love tho e Toothflo ing Stringmint  from Honeyduke !’ Re igned to the fact that he would be the only third-year  taying behind again, Harry borrowed a copy of Which Broom tick from Wood, and decided to  pend the day reading up on the different make . He had been riding one of the  chool broom  at team practice, an ancient Shooting Star, which wa  very  low and jerky; he definitely needed a new broom of hi  own. On the Saturday morning of the Hog meade trip, Harry bid goodbye to Ron and Hermione, who were wrapped in cloak  and  carve , then turned up the marble  tairca e alone, and headed back toward  Gryffindor Tower. Snow had  tarted to fall out ide the window , and the ca tle wa  very  till and quiet. ‘P t – Harry!’ He turned, halfway along the third-floor corridor, to  ee Fred and George peering out at him from behind a  tatue of a humpbacked, one-eyed witch. ‘What are you doing?’  aid Harry curiou ly. ‘How come you’re not going to Hog meade?’ ‘We’ve come to give you a bit of fe tive cheer before we go,’  aid Fred, with a my teriou  wink. ‘Come in here …’ He nodded toward  an empty cla room to the left of the one-eyed  tatue. Harry followed Fred and George in ide. George clo ed the door quietly and then turned, beaming, to look at Harry. ‘Early Chri tma  pre ent for you, Harry,’ he  aid. Fred pulled  omething from in ide hi  cloak with a flouri h and laid it on one of the de k . It wa  a large,  quare, very worn piece of parchment with nothing written on it. Harry,  u pecting one of Fred and George’  joke ,  tared at it. ‘What’  that  uppo ed to be?’ ‘Thi , Harry, i  the  ecret of our  ucce ,’  aid George, patting the parchment fondly. ‘It’  a wrench, giving it to you,’  aid Fred, ‘but we decided la t night, your need’  greater than our .’ ‘Anyway, we know it off by heart,’  aid George. ‘We bequeath it to you. We don’t really need it any more.’ ‘And what do I need with a bit of old parchment?’  aid Harry. ‘A bit of old parchment!’  aid Fred, clo ing hi  eye  with a grimace a  though Harry had mortally offended him. ‘Explain, George.’ ‘Well … when we were in our fir t year, Harry – young, carefree and innocent –’ Harry  norted. He doubted whether Fred and George had ever been innocent. ‘– well, more innocent than we are now – we got into a  pot of bother with Filch.’ ‘We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it up et him for  ome rea on –’ ‘So he hauled u  off to hi  office and  tarted threatening u  with the u ual –’ ‘– detention –’ ‘– di embowelment –’ ‘– and we couldn’t help noticing a drawer in one of hi  filing cabinet  marked Confi cated and Highly Dangerou .’ ‘Don’t tell me –’  aid Harry,  tarting to grin. ‘Well, what would you’ve done?’  aid Fred. ‘George cau ed a diver ion by dropping another Dungbomb, I whipped the drawer open and grabbed – thi .’ ‘It’  not a  bad a  it  ound , you know,’  aid George. ‘We don’t reckon Filch ever found out how to work it. He probably  u pected what it wa , though, or he wouldn’t have confi cated it.’ ‘And you know how to work it?’ ‘Oh ye ,’  aid Fred,  mirking. ‘Thi  little beauty’  taught u  more than all the teacher  in thi   chool.’ ‘You’re winding me up,’  aid Harry, looking at the ragged old bit of parchment. ‘Oh, are we?’  aid George. He took out hi  wand, touched the parchment lightly and  aid, ‘I  olemnly  wear that I am up to no good.’ And at once, thin ink line  began to  pread like a  pider’  web from the point that George’  wand had touched. They joined each other, they cri -cro ed, they fanned into every corner of the parchment; then word  began to blo om acro  the top, great, curly green word , that proclaimed: Me r  Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong  Purveyor  of Aid  to Magical Mi chief-Maker  are proud to pre ent THE MARAUDER’S MAP It wa  a map  howing every detail of the Hogwart  ca tle and ground . But the truly remarkable thing wa  the tiny ink dot  moving around it, each labelled with a name in minu cule writing. A tounded, Harry bent over it. A labelled dot in the top left corner  howed that Profe or Dumbledore wa  pacing hi   tudy; the caretaker’  cat, Mr  Norri , wa  prowling the  econd floor, and Peeve  the poltergei t wa  currently bouncing around the trophy room. And a  Harry’  eye  travelled up and down the familiar corridor , he noticed  omething el e. Thi  map  howed a  et of pa age  he had never entered. And many of them  eemed to lead – ‘Right into Hog meade,’  aid Fred, tracing one of them with hi  finger. ‘There are  even in all. Now, Filch know  about the e four –’ he pointed them out, ‘– but we’re  ure we’re the only one  who know about the e. Don’t bother with the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor. We u ed it until la t winter, but it’  caved in – completely blocked. And we don’t reckon anyone’  ever u ed thi  one, becau e the Whomping Willow’  planted right over the entrance. But thi  one here, thi  one lead  right into the cellar of Honeyduke . We’ve u ed it load  of time . And a  you might’ve noticed, the entrance i  right out ide thi  room, through that one-eyed old crone’  hump.’ ‘Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong ,’  ighed George, patting the heading of the map. ‘We owe them  o much.’ ‘Noble men, working tirele ly to help a new generation of lawbreaker ,’  aid Fred  olemnly. ‘Right,’  aid George bri kly, ‘don’t forget to wipe it after you’ve u ed it –’ ‘– or anyone can read it,’ Fred  aid warningly. ‘Ju t tap it again and  ay, ‘Mi chief managed!’ And it’ll go blank.’ ‘So, young Harry,’  aid Fred, in an uncanny imper onation of Percy, ‘mind you behave your elf.’ ‘See you in Honeyduke ,’  aid George, winking. They left the room, both  mirking in a  ati fied  ort of way. Harry  tood there, gazing at the miraculou  map. He watched the tiny ink Mr  Norri  turn left and pau e to  niff at  omething on the floor. If Filch really didn’t know … he wouldn’t have to pa  the Dementor  at all … But even a  he  tood there, flooded with excitement,  omething Harry had once heard Mr Wea ley  ay came floating out of hi  memory. Never tru t anything that can think for it elf, if you can’t  ee where it keep  it  brain. Thi  map wa  one of tho e dangerou  magical object  Mr Wea ley had been warning again t … Aid  for Magical Mi chief-Maker  … but then, Harry rea oned, he only wanted to u e it to get into Hog meade, it wa n’t a  though he wanted to  teal anything or attack anyone … and Fred and George had been u ing it for year  without anything horrible happening … Harry traced the  ecret pa age to Honeyduke  with hi  finger. Then, quite  uddenly, a  though following order , he rolled up the map,  tuffed it in ide hi  robe , and hurried to the door of the cla room. He opened it a couple of inche . There wa  no one out ide. Very carefully, he edged out of the room and  lipped behind the  tatue of the one-eyed witch. What did he have to do? He pulled out the map again and  aw, to hi  a toni hment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon it, labelled ‘Harry Potter’. Thi  figure wa   tanding exactly where the real Harry wa   tanding, about halfway down the third-floor corridor. Harry watched carefully. Hi  little ink  elf appeared to be tapping the witch with hi  minute wand. Harry quickly took out hi  real wand and tapped the  tatue. Nothing happened. He looked back at the map. The tinie t  peech bubble had appeared next to hi  figure. The word in ide  aid ‘Di endium’. ‘Di endium!’ Harry whi pered, tapping the  tone witch again. At once, the  tatue’  hump opened wide enough to admit a fairly thin per on. Harry glanced quickly up and down the corridor, then tucked the map away again, hoi ted him elf into the hole headfir t, and pu hed him elf forward . He  lid a con iderable way down what felt like a  tone  lide, then landed on cold, damp earth. He  tood up, looking around. It wa  pitch dark. He held up hi  wand, muttered, ‘Lumo !’ and  aw that he wa  in a very narrow, low, earthy pa ageway. He rai ed the map, tapped it with the tip of hi  wand and muttered, ‘Mi chief managed!’ The map went blank at once. He folded it carefully, tucked it in ide hi  robe , then, heart beating fa t, both excited and apprehen ive, he  et off. The pa age twi ted and turned, more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything el e. Harry hurried along it,  tumbling now and then on the uneven floor, holding hi  wand out in front of him. It took age , but Harry had the thought of Honeyduke  to  u tain him. After what felt like an hour, the pa age began to ri e. Panting, Harry  ped up, hi  face hot, hi  feet very cold. Ten minute  later, he came to the foot of  ome worn,  tone  tep  which ro e out of  ight above him. Careful not to make any noi e, Harry began to climb. A hundred  tep , two hundred  tep , he lo t count a  he climbed, watching hi  feet … then, without warning, hi  head hit  omething hard. It  eemed to be a trapdoor. Harry  tood there, ma aging the top of hi  head, li tening. He couldn’t hear any  ound  above him. Very  lowly, he pu hed the trapdoor open and peered over the edge. He wa  in a cellar which wa  full of wooden crate  and boxe . Harry climbed out of the trapdoor and replaced it – it blended  o perfectly with the du ty floor that it wa  impo ible to tell it wa  there. Harry crept  lowly toward  the wooden  tairca e that led up tair . Now he could definitely hear voice , not to mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and  hutting of a door. Wondering what he ought to do, he  uddenly heard a door open much clo er at hand;  omebody wa  about to come down tair . ‘And get another box of Jelly Slug , dear, they’ve nearly cleaned u  out –’  aid a woman’  voice. A pair of feet wa  coming down the  tairca e. Harry leapt behind an enormou  crate and waited for the foot tep  to pa . He heard the man  hifting boxe  again t the wall oppo ite. He might not get another chance – Quickly and  ilently, Harry dodged out from hi  hiding place and climbed the  tair ; looking back, he  aw an enormou  back ide and a  hiny bald head buried in a box. Harry reached the door at the top of the  tair ,  lipped through it, and found him elf behind the counter of Honeyduke  – he ducked, crept  ideway  and then  traightened up. Honeyduke  wa   o crowded with Hogwart   tudent  that no one looked twice at Harry. He edged among t them, looking around, and  uppre ed a laugh a  he imagined the look that would  pread over Dudley’  piggy face if he could  ee where Harry wa  now. There were  helve  upon  helve  of the mo t  ucculent-looking  weet  imaginable. Creamy chunk  of nougat,  himmering pink  quare  of coconut ice, fat, honey-coloured toffee ; hundred  of different kind  of chocolate in neat row ; there wa  a large barrel of Every Flavour Bean , and another of Fizzing Whizzbee , the levitating  herbert ball  that Ron had mentioned; along yet another wall were ‘Special Effect ’  weet : Drooble  Be t Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebell-coloured bubble  that refu ed to pop for day ), the  trange,  plintery Toothflo ing Stringmint , tiny black Pepper Imp  (‘breathe fire for your friend !’), Ice Mice (‘hear your teeth chatter and  queak!’), peppermint cream   haped like toad  (‘hop reali tically in the  tomach!’), fragile  ugar- pun quill  and exploding bonbon . Harry  queezed him elf through a crowd of  ixth-year  and  aw a  ign hanging in the furthe t corner of the  hop (‘Unu ual Ta te ’). Ron and Hermione were  tanding underneath it, examining a tray of blood-flavoured lollipop . Harry  neaked up behind them. ‘Urgh, no, Harry won’t want one of tho e, they’re for vampire , I expect,’ Hermione wa   aying. ‘How about the e?’  aid Ron,  hoving a jar of Cockroach Clu ter under Hermione’  no e. ‘Definitely not,’  aid Harry. Ron nearly dropped the jar. ‘Harry!’  quealed Hermione. ‘What are you doing here? How – how did you –?’ ‘Wow!’  aid Ron, looking very impre ed. ‘You’ve learned to Apparate!’ ‘’Cour e I haven’t,’  aid Harry. He dropped hi  voice  o that none of the  ixth-year  could hear him and told them all about the Marauder’  Map. ‘How come Fred and George never gave it to me!’  aid Ron, outraged. ‘I’m their brother!’ ‘But Harry i n’t going to keep it!’  aid Hermione, a  though the idea wa  ludicrou . ‘He’  going to hand it in to Profe or McGonagall, aren’t you, Harry?’ ‘No, I’m not!’  aid Harry. ‘Are you mad?’  aid Ron, goggling at Hermione. ‘Hand in  omething that good?’ ‘If I hand it in, I’ll have to  ay where I got it! Filch would know Fred and George nicked it!’ ‘But what about Siriu  Black?’ Hermione hi ed. ‘He could be u ing one of the pa age  on that map to get into the ca tle! The teacher  have got to know!’ ‘He can’t be getting in through a pa age,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘There are  even  ecret tunnel  on the map, right? Fred and George reckon Filch already know  about four of them. And the other three – one of them’  caved in,  o no one can get through it. One of them’  got the Whomping Willow planted over the entrance,  o you can’t get out of it. And the one I ju t came through – well – it’  really hard to  ee the entrance to it down in the cellar –  o unle  he knew it wa  there –’ Harry he itated. What if Black did know the pa age wa  there? Ron, however, cleared hi  throat  ignificantly, and pointed to a notice pa ted on the in ide of the  weet hop door. BY ORDER OF THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Cu tomer  are reminded that until further notice, Dementor  will be patrolling the  treet  of Hog meade every night after  undown. Thi  mea ure ha  been put in place for the  afety of Hog meade re ident  and will be lifted upon the recapture of Siriu  Black. It i  therefore advi able that you complete your  hopping well before nightfall. Merry Chri tma ! ‘See?’  aid Ron quietly. ‘I’d like to  ee Black try and break into Honeyduke  with Dementor   warming all over the village. Anyway, Hermione, the Honeyduke  owner  would hear a break in, wouldn’t they? They live over the  hop!’ ‘Ye , but – but –’ Hermione  eemed to be  truggling to find another problem. ‘Look, Harry  till  houldn’t be coming into Hog meade, he ha n’t got a  igned form! If anyone find  out, he’ll be in  o much trouble! And it’  not nightfall yet – what if Siriu  Black turn  up today? Now?’ ‘He’d have a job  potting Harry in thi ,’  aid Ron, nodding through the mullioned window  at the thick,  wirling  now. ‘Come on, Hermione, it’  Chri tma , Harry de erve  a break.’ Hermione bit her lip, looking extremely worried. ‘Are you going to report me?’ Harry a ked her, grinning. ‘Oh – of cour e not – but hone tly, Harry –’ ‘Seen the Fizzing Whizzbee , Harry?’  aid Ron, grabbing him and leading him over to their barrel. ‘And the Jelly Slug ? And the Acid Pop ? Fred gave me one of tho e when I wa   even – it burnt a hole right through my tongue. I remember Mum walloping him with her broom tick.’ Ron  tared broodingly into the Acid Pop box. ‘Reckon Fred’d take a bit of Cockroach Clu ter if I told him they were peanut ?’ When Ron and Hermione had paid for all their  weet , the three of them left Honeyduke  for the blizzard out ide. Hog meade looked like a Chri tma  card; the little thatched cottage  and  hop  were all covered in a layer of cri p  now; there were holly wreath  on the door  and  tring  of enchanted candle  hanging in the tree . Harry  hivered; unlike the other two, he didn’t have hi  cloak. They headed up the  treet, head  bowed again t the wind, Ron and Hermione  houting through their  carve . ‘That’  the Po t Office –’ ‘Zonko’  i  up there –’ ‘We could go up to the Shrieking Shack –’ ‘Tell you what,’  aid Ron, hi  teeth chattering, ‘ hall we go for a Butterbeer in the Three Broom tick ?’ Harry wa  more than willing; the wind wa  fierce and hi  hand  were freezing,  o they cro ed the road, and in a few minute  were entering the tiny inn. It wa  extremely crowded, noi y, warm and  moky. A curvy  ort of woman with a pretty face wa   erving a bunch of rowdy warlock  up at the bar. ‘That’  Madam Ro merta,’  aid Ron. ‘I’ll get the drink ,  hall I?’ he added, going  lightly red. Harry and Hermione made their way to the back of the room, where there wa  a  mall, vacant table between the window and a hand ome Chri tma  tree which  tood next to the fireplace. Ron came back five minute  later, carrying three foaming tankard  of hot Butterbeer. ‘Happy Chri tma !’ he  aid happily, rai ing hi  tankard. Harry drank deeply. It wa  the mo t deliciou  thing he’d ever ta ted and  eemed to heat every bit of him from the in ide. A  udden breeze ruffled hi  hair. The door of the Three Broom tick  had opened again. Harry looked over the rim of hi  tankard and choked. Profe or  McGonagall and Flitwick had ju t entered the pub in a flurry of  nowflake ,  hortly followed by Hagrid, who wa  deep in conver ation with a portly man in a lime-green bowler hat and a pin triped cloak: Corneliu  Fudge, Mini ter for Magic. In an in tant, Ron and Hermione had both placed hand  on the top of Harry’  head and forced him off hi   tool and under the table. Dripping with Butterbeer and crouching out of  ight, Harry clutched hi  empty tankard and watched the teacher ’ and Fudge’  feet move toward  the bar, pau e, then turn and walk right toward  him. Somewhere above him, Hermione whi pered, ‘Mobiliarbu !’ The Chri tma  tree be ide their table ro e a few inche  off the ground, drifted  ideway  and landed with a  oft thump right in front of their table, hiding them from view. Staring through the den e lower branche , Harry  aw four  et  of chair leg  move back from the table right be ide their , then heard the grunt  and  igh  of the teacher  and Mini ter a  they  at down. Next he  aw another pair of feet, wearing  parkly turquoi e high heel , and heard a woman’  voice. ‘A  mall Gillywater –’ ‘Mine,’  aid Profe or McGonagall’  voice. ‘Four pint  of mulled mead –’ ‘Ta, Ro merta,’  aid Hagrid. ‘A cherry  yrup and  oda with ice and umbrella –’ ‘Mmm!’  aid Profe or Flitwick,  macking hi  lip . ‘So you’ll be the redcurrant rum, Mini ter.’ ‘Thank you, Ro merta, m’dear,’  aid Fudge’  voice. ‘Lovely to  ee you again, I mu t  ay. Have one your elf, won’t you? Come and join u  …’ ‘Well, thank you very much, Mini ter.’ Harry watched the glittering heel  march away and back again. Hi  heart wa  pounding uncomfortably in hi  throat. Why hadn’t it occurred to him that thi  wa  the la t weekend of term for the teacher , too? And how long were they going to  it there? He needed time to  neak back into Honeyduke  if he wanted to return to  chool tonight … Hermione’  leg gave a nervou  twitch next to him. ‘So, what bring  you to thi  neck of the wood , Mini ter?’ came Madam Ro merta’  voice. Harry  aw the lower part of Fudge’  thick body twi t in hi  chair a  though he wa  checking for eave dropper . Then he  aid in a quiet voice, ‘What el e, m’dear, but Siriu  Black? I dare ay you heard what happened up at the  chool at Hallowe’en?’ ‘I did hear a rumour,’ admitted Madam Ro merta. ‘Did you tell the whole pub, Hagrid?’  aid Profe or McGonagall exa peratedly. ‘Do you think Black’   till in the area, Mini ter?’ whi pered Madam Ro merta. ‘I’m  ure of it,’  aid Fudge  hortly. ‘You know that the Dementor  have  earched my pub twice?’  aid Madam Ro merta, a  light edge to her voice. ‘Scared all my cu tomer  away … it’  very bad for bu ine , Mini ter.’ ‘Ro merta, m’dear, I don’t like them any more than you do,’  aid Fudge uncomfortably. ‘Nece ary precaution … unfortunate, but there you are … I’ve ju t met  ome of them. They’re in a fury again t Dumbledore – he won’t let them in ide the ca tle ground .’ ‘I  hould think not,’  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply. ‘How are we  uppo ed to teach with tho e horror  floating around?’ ‘Hear, hear!’  queaked tiny Profe or Flitwick, who e feet were dangling a foot from the ground. ‘All the  ame,’ demurred Fudge, ‘they are here to protect you all from  omething much wor e … we all know what Black’  capable of …’ ‘Do you know, I  till have trouble believing it,’  aid Madam Ro merta thoughtfully. ‘Of all the people to go over to the Dark  ide, Siriu  Black wa  the la t I’d have thought … I mean, I remember him when he wa  a boy at Hogwart . If you’d told me then what he wa  going to become, I’d have  aid you’d had too much mead.’ ‘You don’t know the half of it, Ro merta,’  aid Fudge gruffly. ‘The wor t he did i n’t widely known.’ ‘The wor t?’  aid Madam Ro merta, her voice alive with curio ity. ‘Wor e than murdering all tho e poor people, you mean?’ ‘I certainly do,’  aid Fudge. ‘I can’t believe that. What could po ibly be wor e?’ ‘You  ay you remember him at Hogwart , Ro merta,’ murmured Profe or McGonagall. ‘Do you remember who hi  be t friend wa ?’ ‘Naturally,’  aid Madam Ro merta, with a  mall laugh. ‘Never  aw one without the other, did you? The number of time  I had them in here – ooh, they u ed to make me laugh. Quite the double act, Siriu  Black and Jame  Potter!’ Harry dropped hi  tankard with a loud clunk. Ron kicked him. ‘Preci ely,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Black and Potter. Ringleader  of their little gang. Both very bright, of cour e – exceptionally bright, in fact – but I don’t think we’ve ever had  uch a pair of troublemaker  –’ ‘I dunno,’ chuckled Hagrid. ‘Fred and George Wea ley could give ’em a run fer their money’ ‘You’d have thought Black and Potter were brother !’ chimed in Profe or Flitwick. ‘In eparable!’ ‘Of cour e they were,’  aid Fudge. ‘Potter tru ted Black beyond all hi  other friend . Nothing changed when they left  chool. Black wa  be t man when Jame  married Lily. Then they named him godfather to Harry. Harry ha  no idea, of cour e. You can imagine how the idea would torment him.’ ‘Becau e Black turned out to be in league with You-Know-Who?’ whi pered Madam Ro merta. ‘Wor e even than that, m’dear …’ Fudge dropped hi  voice and proceeded in a  ort of low rumble. ‘Not many people are aware that the Potter  knew You-Know-Who wa  after them. Dumbledore, who wa  of cour e working tirele ly again t You-Know-Who, had a number of u eful  pie . One of them tipped him off, and he alerted Jame  and Lily at once. He advi ed them to go into hiding. Well, of cour e, You-Know-Who wa n’t an ea y per on to hide from. Dumbledore told them that their be t chance wa  the Fideliu  Charm.’ ‘How doe  that work?’  aid Madam Ro merta, breathle  with intere t. Profe or Flitwick cleared hi  throat. ‘An immen ely complex  pell,’ he  aid  queakily, ‘involving the magical concealment of a  ecret in ide a  ingle, living  oul. The information i  hidden in ide the cho en per on, or Secret-Keeper, and i  henceforth impo ible to find – unle , of cour e, the Secret-Keeper choo e  to divulge it. A  long a  the Secret-Keeper refu ed to  peak, You-Know-Who could  earch the village where Lily and Jame  were  taying for year  and never find them, not even if he had hi  no e pre ed again t their  itting-room window!’ ‘So Black wa  the Potter ’ Secret-Keeper?’ whi pered Madam Ro merta. ‘Naturally,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Jame  Potter told Dumbledore that Black would die rather than tell where they were, that Black wa  planning to go into hiding him elf … and yet, Dumbledore remained worried. I remember him offering to be the Potter ’ Secret-Keeper him elf.’ ‘He  u pected Black?’ ga ped Madam Ro merta. ‘He wa   ure that  omebody clo e to the Potter  had been keeping You-Know-Who informed of their movement ,’  aid Profe or McGonagall darkly. ‘Indeed, he had  u pected for  ome time that  omeone on our  ide had turned traitor and wa  pa ing a lot of information to You-Know-Who.’ ‘But Jame  Potter in i ted on u ing Black?’ ‘He did,’  aid Fudge heavily. ‘And then, barely a week after the Fideliu  Charm had been performed –’ ‘Black betrayed them?’ breathed Madam Ro merta. ‘He did indeed. Black wa  tired of hi  double-agent role, he wa  ready to declare hi   upport openly for You-Know-Who, and he  eem  to have planned thi  for the moment of the Potter ’ death. But, a  we all know, You-Know-Who met hi  downfall in little Harry Potter. Power  gone, horribly weakened, he fled. And thi  left Black in a very na ty po ition indeed. Hi  Ma ter had fallen at the very moment when he, Black, had  hown hi  true colour  a  a traitor. He had no choice but to run for it –’ ‘Filthy,  tinkin’ turncoat!’ Hagrid  aid,  o loudly that half the bar went quiet. ‘Shh!’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘I met him!’ growled Hagrid. ‘I mu ta bin the la t ter  ee him before he killed all them people! It wa  me what re cued Harry from Lily an’ Jame ’ hou e after they wa  killed! Ju ’ got him outta the ruin , poor little thing, with a great  la h acro  hi  forehead, an’ hi  parent  dead … an’ Siriu  Black turn  up, on that flyin’ motorbike he u ed ter ride. Never occurred ter me what he wa  doin’ there. I didn’ know he’d bin Lily an’ Jame ’ Secret-Keeper. Thought he’d ju ’ heard the new  o’ You-Know-Who’  attack an’ come ter  ee what he could do. White an’  hakin’, he wa . An’ yeh know what I did? I COMFORTED THE MURDERIN’ TRAITOR!’ Hagrid roared. ‘Hagrid, plea e!’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Keep your voice down!’ ‘How wa  I ter know he wa n’ up et abou’ Lily an’ Jame ? It wa  You-Know-Who he cared abou’! An’ then he  ay , ‘Give Harry ter me, Hagrid, I’m hi  godfather, I’ll look after him –’ Ha! But I’d had me order  from Dumbledore, an’ I told Black no, Dumbledore  aid Harry wa  ter go ter hi  aunt an’ uncle’ . Black argued, but in the end he gave in. Told me ter take hi  motorbike ter get Harry there. ‘I won’ need it any more,’ he  ay . ‘I  houlda known there wa   omethin’ fi hy goin’ on then. He loved that motorbike, what wa  he givin’ it ter me for? Why wouldn’ he need it any more? Fact wa , it wa  too ea y ter trace. Dumbledore knew he’d bin the Potter ’ Secret-Keeper. Black knew he wa  goin’ ter have ter run fer it that night, knew it wa  a matter o’ hour  before the Mini try wa  after him. ‘But what if I’d given Harry to him, eh? I bet he’d’ve pitched him off the bike halfway out ter  ea. Hi  be ’ friend’   on! But when a wizard goe  over ter the dark  ide, there’  nothin’ and no one that matter  to ’em any more …’ A long  ilence followed Hagrid’   tory. Then Madam Ro merta  aid with  ome  ati faction, ‘But he didn’t manage to di appear, did he? The Mini try of Magic caught up with him next day!’ ‘Ala , if only we had,’  aid Fudge bitterly. ‘It wa  not we who found him. It wa  little Peter Pettigrew – another of the Potter ’ friend . Maddened by grief, no doubt, and knowing that Black had been the Potter ’ Secret-Keeper, he went after Black him elf.’ ‘Pettigrew … that fat little boy who wa  alway  tagging around after them at Hogwart ?’  aid Madam Ro merta. ‘Hero-wor hipped Black and Potter,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Never quite in their league, talent-wi e. I wa  often rather  harp with him. You can imagine how I – how I regret that now …’ She  ounded a  though  he had a  udden head cold. ‘There, now, Minerva,’  aid Fudge kindly, ‘Pettigrew died a hero’  death. Eye-witne e  – Muggle , of cour e, we wiped their memorie  later – told u  how Pettigrew cornered Black. They  ay he wa   obbing. ‘Lily and Jame , Siriu ! How could you!’ And then he went for hi  wand. Well, of cour e, Black wa  quicker. Blew Pettigrew to  mithereen  …’ Profe or McGonagall blew her no e and  aid thickly, ‘Stupid boy … fooli h boy … he wa  alway  hopele  at duelling …  hould have left it to the Mini try …’ ‘I tell yeh, if I’d got ter Black before little Pettigrew did, I wouldn’t’ve me ed around with wand  – I’d’ve ripped him limb – from – limb,’ Hagrid growled. ‘You don’t know what you’re talking about, Hagrid,’  aid Fudge  harply. ‘Nobody but trained Hit Wizard  from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have  tood a chance again t Black once he wa  cornered. I wa  Junior Mini ter in the Department of Magical Cata trophe  at the time, and I wa  one of the fir t on the  cene after Black murdered all tho e people. I – I will never forget it. I  till dream about it  ometime . A crater in the middle of the  treet,  o deep it had cracked the  ewer below. Bodie  everywhere. Muggle   creaming. And Black  tanding there laughing, with what wa  left of Pettigrew in front of him … a heap of blood- tained robe  and a few – a few fragment  –’ Fudge’  voice  topped abruptly. There wa  the  ound of five no e  being blown. ‘Well, there you have it, Ro merta,’  aid Fudge thickly. ‘Black wa  taken away by twenty member  of the Magical Law Enforcement Patrol and Pettigrew received the Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , which I think wa   ome comfort to hi  poor mother. Black’  been in Azkaban ever  ince.’ Madam Ro merta let out a long  igh. ‘I  it true he’  mad, Mini ter?’ ‘I wi h I could  ay that he wa ,’  aid Fudge  lowly. ‘I certainly believe hi  ma ter’  defeat unhinged him for a while. The murder of Pettigrew and all tho e Muggle  wa  the action of a cornered and de perate man – cruel … pointle . Yet I met Black on my la t in pection of Azkaban. You know, mo t of the pri oner  in there  it muttering to them elve  in the dark, there’  no  en e in them … but I wa   hocked at how normal Black  eemed. He  poke quite rationally to me. It wa  unnerving. You’d have thought he wa  merely bored – a ked if I’d fini hed with my new paper, cool a  you plea e,  aid he mi ed doing the cro word. Ye , I wa  a tounded at how little effect the Dementor   eemed to be having on him – and he wa  one of the mo t heavily guarded in the place, you know. Dementor  out ide hi  door, day and night.’ ‘But what do you think he’  broken out to do?’  aid Madam Ro merta. ‘Good graciou , Mini ter, he i n’t trying to rejoin You-Know-Who, i  he?’ ‘I dare ay that i  hi  – er – eventual plan,’  aid Fudge eva ively. ‘But we hope to catch Black long before that. I mu t  ay, You-Know-Who alone and friendle  i  one thing … but give him back hi  mo t devoted  ervant, and I  hudder to think how quickly he’ll ri e again …’ There wa  a  mall chink of gla  on wood. Someone had  et down their gla . ‘You know, Corneliu , if you’re dining with the Headma ter, we’d better head back up to the ca tle,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. One by one, the pair  of feet in front of Harry took the weight of their owner  once more; hem  of cloak   wung into  ight and Madam Ro merta’  glittering heel  di appeared behind the bar. The door of the Three Broom tick  opened again, there wa  another flurry of  now, and the teacher  di appeared. ‘Harry?’ Ron and Hermione’  face  appeared under the table. They were both  taring at him, lo t for word . Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER ELEVEN The Firebolt Harry didn’t have a very clear idea of how he had managed to get back into the Honeyduke  cellar, through the tunnel and into the ca tle once more. All he knew wa  that the return trip  eemed to take no time at all, and that he hardly noticed what he wa  doing, becau e hi  head wa   till pounding with the conver ation he had ju t heard. Why had nobody ever told him? Dumbledore, Hagrid, Mr Wea ley, Corneliu  Fudge … why hadn’t anyone ever mentioned the fact that Harry’  parent  had died becau e their be t friend had betrayed them? Ron and Hermione watched Harry nervou ly all through dinner, not daring to talk about what they’d overheard, becau e Percy wa   itting clo e by them. When they went up tair  to the crowded common room, it wa  to find Fred and George had  et off half-a-dozen Dungbomb  in a fit of end-of-term high  pirit . Harry, who didn’t want Fred and George a king him whether he’d reached Hog meade or not,  neaked quietly up to the empty dormitory, and headed  traight for hi  bed ide cabinet. He pu hed hi  book  a ide and quickly found what he wa  looking for – the leather-bound photo album Hagrid had given him two year  ago, which wa  full of wizard picture  of hi  mother and father. He  at down on hi  bed, drew the hanging  around him, and  tarted turning the page ,  earching, until … He  topped on a picture of hi  parent ’ wedding day. There wa  hi  father waving up at him, beaming, the untidy black hair Harry had inherited  tanding up in all direction . There wa  hi  mother, alight with happine , arm in arm with hi  Dad. And there … that mu t be him. Their be t man … Harry had never given him a thought before. If he hadn’t known it wa  the  ame per on, he would never have gue ed it wa  Black in thi  old photograph. Hi  face wa n’t  unken and waxy, but hand ome, full of laughter. Had he already been working for Voldemort when thi  picture had been taken? Wa  he already planning the death  of the two people next to him? Did he reali e he wa  facing twelve year  in Azkaban, twelve year  which would make him unrecogni able? But the Dementor  don’t affect him, Harry thought,  taring into the hand ome, laughing face. He doe n’t have to hear my Mum  creaming if they get too clo e – Harry  lammed the album  hut, reached over and  tuffed it back into hi  cabinet, took off hi  robe  and gla e  and got into bed, making  ure the hanging  were hiding him from view. The dormitory door opened. ‘Harry?’  aid Ron’  voice uncertainly. But Harry lay  till, pretending to be a leep. He heard Ron leave again, and rolled over on hi  back, hi  eye  wide open. A hatred  uch a  he had never known before wa  cour ing through Harry like poi on. He could  ee Black laughing at him through the darkne , a  though  omebody had pa ted the picture from the album over hi  eye . He watched, a  though  omebody wa  playing him a piece of film, Siriu  Black bla ting Peter Pettigrew (who re embled Neville Longbottom) into a thou and piece . He could hear (though he had no idea what Black’  voice might  ound like) a low, excited mutter. ‘It ha  happened, my Lord … the Potter  have made me their Secret-Keeper …’ And then came another voice, laughing  hrilly, the  ame laugh that Harry heard in ide hi  head whenever the Dementor  drew near … * ‘Harry you – you look terrible.’ Harry hadn’t got to  leep until daybreak. He had awoken to find the dormitory de erted, dre ed and gone down the  piral  tairca e to a common room that wa  completely empty except for Ron, who wa  eating a Peppermint Toad and ma aging hi   tomach, and Hermione, who had  pread her homework over three table . ‘Where i  everyone?’  aid Harry. ‘Gone! It’  the fir t day of the holiday , remember?’  aid Ron, watching Harry clo ely. ‘It’  nearly lunchtime, I wa  going to come and wake you up in a minute.’ Harry  lumped into a chair next to the fire. Snow wa   till falling out ide the window . Crook hank  wa   pread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug. ‘You really don’t look well, you know,’ Hermione  aid, peering anxiou ly into hi  face. ‘I’m fine,’  aid Harry. ‘Harry, li ten,’  aid Hermione, exchanging a look with Ron, ‘you mu t be really up et about what we heard ye terday. But the thing i , you mu tn’t go doing anything  tupid.’ ‘Like what?’  aid Harry. ‘Like trying to go after Black,’  aid Ron  harply. Harry could tell they had rehear ed thi  conver ation while he had been a leep. He didn’t  ay anything. ‘You won’t, will you, Harry?’  aid Hermione. ‘Becau e Black’  not worth dying for,’  aid Ron. Harry looked at them. They didn’t  eem to under tand at all. ‘D’you know what I  ee and hear every time a Dementor get  too near me?’ Ron and Hermione  hook their head , looking apprehen ive. ‘I can hear my mum  creaming and pleading with Voldemort. And if you’d heard your mum  creaming like that, ju t about to be killed, you wouldn’t forget it in a hurry. And if you found out  omeone who wa   uppo ed to be a friend of her  betrayed her and  ent Voldemort after her –’ ‘There’  nothing you can do!’  aid Hermione, looking  tricken. ‘The Dementor  will catch Black and he’ll go back to Azkaban and – and  erve him right!’ ‘You heard what Fudge  aid. Black i n’t affected by Azkaban like normal people are. It’  not a puni hment for him like it i  for the other .’ ‘So what are you  aying?’  aid Ron, looking very ten e. ‘You want to – to kill Black or  omething?’ ‘Don’t be  illy,’  aid Hermione in a panicky voice. ‘Harry doe n’t want to kill anyone, do you, Harry?’ Again, Harry didn’t an wer. He didn’t know what he wanted to do. All he knew wa  that the idea of doing nothing, while Black wa  at liberty, wa  almo t more than he could  tand. ‘Malfoy know ,’ he  aid abruptly. ‘Remember what he  aid to me in Potion ? ‘If it wa  me, I’d hunt him down my elf … I’d want revenge.’’ ‘You’re going to take Malfoy’  advice in tead of our ?’  aid Ron furiou ly. ‘Li ten … you know what Pettigrew’  mother got back after Black had fini hed with him? Dad told me – the Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , and Pettigrew’  finger in a box. That wa  the bigge t bit of him they could find. Black’  a madman, Harry, and he’  dangerou  –’ ‘Malfoy’  dad mu t have told him,’  aid Harry, ignoring Ron. ‘He wa  right in Voldemort’  inner circle –’ ‘Say You-Know-Who, will you?’ interjected Ron angrily. ‘–  o obviou ly, the Malfoy  knew Black wa  working for Voldemort –’ ‘– and Malfoy’d love to  ee you blown into about a million piece , like Pettigrew! Get a grip, Malfoy’  ju t hoping you’ll get your elf killed before he ha  to play you at Quidditch.’ ‘Harry plea e,’  aid Hermione, her eye  now  hining with tear , ‘plea e be  en ible. Black did a terrible, terrible thing, but d-don’t put your elf in danger, it’  what Black want  … oh, Harry, you’d be playing right into Black’  hand  if you went looking for him. Your mum and dad wouldn’t want you to get hurt, would they? They’d never want you to go looking for Black!’ ‘I’ll never know what they’d have wanted becau e, thank  to Black, I’ve never  poken to them,’  aid Harry  hortly. There wa  a  ilence, in which Crook hank   tretched luxuriou ly, flexing hi  claw . Ron’  pocket quivered. ‘Look,’  aid Ron, obviou ly ca ting around for a change of  ubject, ‘it’  the holiday ! It’  nearly Chri tma ! Let’  – let’  go down and  ee Hagrid. We haven’t vi ited him for age !’ ‘No!’  aid Hermione quickly. ‘Harry i n’t  uppo ed to leave the ca tle, Ron –’ ‘Yeah, let’  go,’  aid Harry,  itting up, ‘and I can a k him how come he never mentioned Black when he told me all about my parent !’ Further di cu ion of Siriu  Black plainly wa n’t what Ron had had in mind. ‘Or we could have a game of che ,’ he  aid ha tily, ‘or Gob tone . Percy left a  et –’ ‘No, let’  vi it Hagrid,’  aid Harry firmly. So they got their cloak  from their dormitorie  and  et off through the portrait hole (‘Stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrel !’), down through the empty ca tle and out through the oak front door . They made their way  lowly down the lawn, making a  hallow trench in the glittering, powdery  now, their  ock  and the hem  of their cloak   oaked and freezing. The Forbidden Fore t looked a  though it had been enchanted, each tree  mattered with  ilver, and Hagrid’  cabin looked like an iced cake. Ron knocked, but there wa  no an wer. ‘He’  not out, i  he?’  aid Hermione, who wa   hivering under her cloak. Ron had hi  ear to the door. ‘There’  a weird noi e,’ he  aid. ‘Li ten – i  that Fang?’ Harry and Hermione put their ear  to the door, too. From in ide the cabin came a  erie  of low, throbbing moan . ‘Think we’d better go and get  omeone?’  aid Ron nervou ly. ‘Hagrid!’ called Harry, thumping the door. ‘Hagrid, are you in there?’ There wa  a  ound of heavy foot tep , then the door creaked open. Hagrid  tood there with hi  eye  red and  wollen; tear   pla hing down the front of hi  leather wai tcoat. ‘Yeh’ve heard!’ he bellowed, and he flung him elf onto Harry’  neck. Hagrid being at lea t twice the  ize of a normal man, thi  wa  no laughing matter. Harry, about to collap e under Hagrid’  weight, wa  re cued by Ron and Hermione, who each  eized Hagrid under an arm and heaved him, Harry helping, back into the cabin. Hagrid allowed him elf to be  teered into a chair and  lumped over the table,  obbing uncontrollably, hi  face glazed with tear  which dripped down into hi  tangled beard. ‘Hagrid, what i  it?’  aid Hermione, agha t. Harry  potted an official-looking letter lying open on the table. ‘What’  thi , Hagrid?’ Hagrid’   ob  redoubled, but he  hoved the letter toward  Harry, who picked it up and read aloud: Dear Mr Hagrid, Further to our inquiry into the attack by a Hippogriff on a  tudent in your cla , we have accepted the a urance  of Profe or Dumbledore that you bear no re pon ibility for the regrettable incident. ‘Well, that’  OK, then, Hagrid!’  aid Ron, clapping Hagrid on the  houlder. But Hagrid continued to  ob, and waved one of hi  gigantic hand , inviting Harry to read on. However, we mu t regi ter our concern about the Hippogriff in que tion. We have decided to uphold the official complaint of Mr Luciu  Malfoy, and thi  matter will therefore be taken to the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature . The hearing will take place on April 20th, and we a k you to pre ent your elf and your Hippogriff at the Committee’  office  in London on that date. In the meantime, the Hippogriff  hould be kept tethered and i olated. Your  in fellow hip … There followed a li t of the  chool governor . ‘Oh,’  aid Ron. ‘But you  aid Buckbeak i n’t a bad Hippogriff, Hagrid. I bet he’ll get off –’ ‘Yeh don’ know them gargoyle  at the Committee fer the Di po al o’ Dangerou  Creature !’ choked Hagrid, wiping hi  eye  on hi   leeve. ‘They’ve got it in fer intere tin’ creature !’ A  udden  ound from the corner of Hagrid’  cabin made Harry, Ron and Hermione whip around. Buckbeak the Hippogriff wa  lying in the corner, chomping on  omething that wa  oozing blood all over the floor. ‘I couldn’ leave him tied up out there in the  now!’ choked Hagrid. ‘All on hi  own! At Chri tma !’ Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at each other. They had never  een eye to eye with Hagrid about what he called ‘intere ting creature ’ and other people called ‘terrifying mon ter ’. On the other hand, there didn’t  eem to be any particular harm in Buckbeak. In fact, by Hagrid’  u ual  tandard , he wa  po itively cute. ‘You’ll have to put up a good  trong defence, Hagrid,’  aid Hermione,  itting down and laying a hand on Hagrid’  ma ive forearm. ‘I’m  ure you can prove Buckbeak i   afe.’ ‘Won’ make no diff’rence!’  obbed Hagrid. ‘Them Di po al devil , they’re all in Luciu  Malfoy’  pocket! Scared o’ him! An’ if I lo e the ca e, Buckbeak –’ Hagrid drew hi  finger  wiftly acro  hi  throat, then gave a great wail and lurched forward , hi  face in hi  arm . ‘What about Dumbledore, Hagrid?’  aid Harry. ‘He’  done more’n enough fer me already,’ groaned Hagrid. ‘Got enough on hi  plate what with keepin’ them Dementor  outta the ca tle, an’ Siriu  Black lurkin’ around –’ Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, a  though expecting him to  tart berating Hagrid for not telling him the truth about Black. But Harry couldn’t bring him elf to do it, not now he  aw Hagrid  o mi erable and  cared. ‘Li ten, Hagrid,’ he  aid, ‘you can’t give up. Hermione’  right, you ju t need a good defence. You can call u  a  witne e  –’ ‘I’m  ure I’ve read about a ca e of Hippogriff-baiting,’  aid Hermione thoughtfully, ‘where the Hippogriff got off. I’ll look it up for you, Hagrid, and  ee exactly what happened.’ Hagrid howled  till more loudly. Harry and Hermione looked at Ron to help them. ‘Er –  hall I make a cup of tea?’  aid Ron. Harry  tared at him. ‘It’  what my mum doe  whenever  omeone’  up et,’ Ron muttered,  hrugging. At la t, after many more a urance  of help, with a  teaming mug of tea in front of him, Hagrid blew hi  no e on a handkerchief the  ize of a tablecloth and  aid, ‘Yer right. I can’ afford to go ter piece . Gotta pull me elf together …’ Fang the boarhound came timidly out from under the table and laid hi  head on Hagrid’  knee. ‘I’ve not bin me elf lately’  aid Hagrid,  troking Fang with one hand and mopping hi  face with the other. ‘Worried abou’ Buckbeak, an’ no one likin’ me cla e  –’ ‘We do like them!’ lied Hermione at once. ‘Yeah, they’re great!’  aid Ron, cro ing hi  finger  under the table. ‘Er – how are the Flobberworm ?’ ‘Dead,’  aid Hagrid gloomily. ‘Too much lettuce.’ ‘Oh, no!’  aid Ron, hi  lip twitching. ‘An’ them Dementor  make me feel ruddy terrible an’ all,’  aid Hagrid, with a  udden  hudder. ‘Gotta walk pa t ’em ev’ry time I want a drink in the Three Broom tick . ’S like bein’ back in Azkaban –’ He fell  ilent, gulping hi  tea. Harry, Ron and Hermione watched him breathle ly. They had never heard Hagrid talk about hi  brief  pell in Azkaban before. After a brief pau e, Hermione  aid timidly ‘I  it awful in there, Hagrid?’ ‘Yeh’ve no idea,’  aid Hagrid quietly. ‘Never bin anywhere like it. Thought I wa  goin’ mad. Kep’ goin’ over horrible  tuff in me mind … the day I got expelled from Hogwart  … day me Dad died … day I had ter let Norbert go …’ Hi  eye  filled with tear . Norbert wa  the baby dragon Hagrid had once won in a game of card . ‘Yeh can’ really remember who yeh are after a while. An’ yeh can’  ee the point o’ livin’ at all. I u ed ter hope I’d ju ’ die in me  leep … when they let me out, it wa  like bein’ born again, ev’ry-thin’ came floodin’ back, it wa  the be ’ feelin’ in the world. Mind, the Dementor  weren’t keen on lettin’ me go.’ ‘But you were innocent!’  aid Hermione. Hagrid  norted. ‘Think that matter  to them? They don’ care. Long a  they’ve got a couple o’ hundred human   tuck there with ’em,  o they can leech all the happine  out of ’em, they don’ give a damn who’  guilty an’ who’  not.’ Hagrid went quiet for a moment,  taring into hi  tea. Then he  aid quietly, ‘Thought o’ ju ’ letting Buckbeak go … tryin’ ter make him fly away … but how d’yeh explain ter a Hippogriff it’  gotta go inter hidin’? An’ – an’ I’m  cared o’ breakin’ the law …’ He looked up at them, tear  leaking down hi  face again. ‘I don’ ever want ter go back ter Azkaban.’ * The trip to Hagrid’ , though far from fun, had neverthele  had the effect Ron and Hermione had hoped. Though Harry had by no mean  forgotten about Black, he couldn’t brood con tantly on revenge if he wanted to help Hagrid win hi  ca e again t the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature . He, Ron and Hermione went to the library next day, and returned to the empty common room laden with book  which might help prepare a defence for Buckbeak. The three of them  at in front of the roaring fire,  lowly turning the page  of du ty volume  about famou  ca e  of marauding bea t ,  peaking occa ionally when they ran acro   omething relevant. ‘Here’   omething … there wa  a ca e in 1722 … but the Hippogriff wa  convicted – urgh, look what they did to it, that’  di gu ting –’ ‘Thi  might help, look – a Manticore  avaged  omeone in 1296, and they let the Manticore off – oh – no, that wa  only becau e everyone wa  too  cared to go near it …’ Meanwhile, in the re t of the ca tle, the u ual magnificent Chri tma  decoration  had been put up, de pite the fact that hardly any of the  tudent  remained to enjoy them. Thick  treamer  of holly and mi tletoe were  trung along the corridor , my teriou  light   hone from in ide every  uit of armour and the Great Hall wa  filled with it  u ual twelve Chri tma  tree , glittering with golden  tar . A powerful and deliciou   mell of cooking pervaded the corridor , and by Chri tma  Eve, it had grown  o  trong that even Scabber  poked hi  no e out of the  helter of Ron’  pocket to  niff hopefully at the air. On Chri tma  morning, Harry wa  woken by Ron throwing hi  pillow at him. ‘Oy! Pre ent !’ Harry reached for hi  gla e  and put them on,  quinting through the  emi-darkne  to the foot of hi  bed, where a  mall heap of parcel  had appeared. Ron wa  already ripping the paper off hi  own pre ent . ‘Another jumper from Mum … maroon again …  ee if you’ve got one.’ Harry had. Mr  Wea ley had  ent him a  carlet jumper with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, al o a dozen home-baked mince pie ,  ome Chri tma  cake and a box of nut brittle. A  he moved all the e thing  a ide, he  aw a long, thin package lying underneath. ‘What’  that?’  aid Ron, looking over, a fre hly unwrapped pair of maroon  ock  in hi  hand. ‘Dunno …’ Harry ripped the parcel open and ga ped a  a magnificent, gleaming broom tick rolled out onto hi  bed pread. Ron dropped hi   ock  and jumped off hi  bed for a clo er look. ‘I don’t believe it,’ he  aid hoar ely. It wa  a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry had gone to  ee every day in Diagon Alley. It  handle glittered a  he picked it up. He could feel it vibrating, and let go; it hung in mid-air, un upported, at exactly the right height for him to mount it. Hi  eye  moved from the golden regi tration number at the top of the handle right down to the perfectly  mooth,  treamlined birch twig  that made up the tail. ‘Who  ent it to you?’  aid Ron in a hu hed voice. ‘Look and  ee if there’  a card,’  aid Harry. Ron ripped apart the Firebolt’  wrapping . ‘Nothing! Blimey, who’d  pend that much on you?’ ‘Well,’  aid Harry, feeling  tunned, ‘I’m betting it wa n’t the Dur ley .’ ‘I bet it wa  Dumbledore,’  aid Ron, now walking round and round the Firebolt, taking in every gloriou  inch. ‘He  ent you the Invi ibility Cloak anonymou ly …’ ‘That wa  my dad’ , though,’  aid Harry. ‘Dumbledore wa  ju t pa ing it on to me. He wouldn’t  pend hundred  of Galleon  on me. He can’t go giving  tudent   tuff like thi  –’ ‘That’  why he wouldn’t  ay it wa  from him!’  aid Ron. ‘In ca e  ome git like Malfoy  aid it wa  favouriti m. Hey, Harry –’ Ron gave a great whoop of laughter, ‘Malfoy! Wait ’til he  ee  you on thi ! He’ll be  ick a  a pig! Thi  i  an international  tandard broom, thi  i !’ ‘I can’t believe thi ,’ Harry muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Ron  ank onto Harry’  bed, laughing hi  head off at the thought of Malfoy. ‘Who –?’ ‘I know,’  aid Ron, controlling him elf. ‘I know who it could’ve been – Lupin!’ ‘What?’  aid Harry, now  tarting to laugh him elf. ‘Lupin? Li ten, if he had thi  much gold, he’d be able to buy him elf  ome new robe .’ ‘Yeah, but he like  you,’  aid Ron. ‘And he wa  away when your Nimbu  got  ma hed, and he might’ve heard about it and decided to vi it Diagon Alley and get thi  for you –’ ‘What d’you mean, he wa  away?’  aid Harry. ‘He wa  ill when I wa  playing in that match.’ ‘Well, he wa n’t in the ho pital wing,’  aid Ron. ‘I wa  there, cleaning out the bedpan  on that detention from Snape, remember?’ Harry frowned at Ron. ‘I can’t  ee Lupin affording  omething like thi .’ ‘What’re you two laughing about?’ Hermione had ju t come in, wearing her dre ing gown and carrying Crook hank , who wa  looking very grumpy, with a  tring of tin el tied around hi  neck. ‘Don’t bring him in here!’  aid Ron, hurriedly  natching Scabber  from the depth  of hi  bed and  towing him in hi  pyjama pocket. But Hermione wa n’t li tening. She dropped Crook hank  onto Seamu ’  empty bed and  tared, open-mouthed, at the Firebolt. ‘Oh, Harry! Who  ent you that?’ ‘No idea,’  aid Harry. ‘There wa n’t a card or anything with it.’ To hi  great  urpri e, Hermione did not appear either excited or intrigued by thi  new . On the contrary, her face fell, and  he bit her lip. ‘What’  the matter with you?’  aid Ron. ‘I don’t know,’  aid Hermione  lowly, ‘but it’  a bit odd, i n’t it? I mean, thi  i   uppo ed to be quite a good broom, i n’t it?’ Ron  ighed exa peratedly. ‘It’  the be t broom there i , Hermione,’ he  aid. ‘So it mu t’ve been really expen ive …’ ‘Probably co t more than all the Slytherin ’ broom  put together,’  aid Ron happily. ‘Well … who’d  end Harry  omething a  expen ive a  that, and not even tell him they’d  ent it?’  aid Hermione. ‘Who care ?’  aid Ron, impatiently. ‘Li ten, Harry, can I have a go on it? Can I?’ ‘I don’t think anyone  hould ride that broom ju t yet!’  aid Hermione  hrilly. Harry and Ron looked at her. ‘What d’you think Harry’  going to do with it –  weep the floor?’  aid Ron. But before Hermione could an wer, Crook hank   prang from Seamu ’  bed, right at Ron’  che t. ‘GET – HIM – OUT – OF – HERE!’ Ron bellowed, a  Crook hank ’  claw  ripped hi  pyjama  and Scabber  attempted a wild e cape over hi   houlder. Ron  eized Scabber  by the tail and aimed a mi judged kick at Crook hank  which hit the trunk at the end of Harry’  bed, knocking it over and cau ing Ron to hop on the  pot, howling with pain. Crook hank ’  fur  uddenly  tood on end. A  hrill, tinny whi tling wa  filling the room. The Pocket Sneako cope had become di lodged from Uncle Vernon’  old  ock  and wa  whirling and gleaming on the floor. ‘I forgot about that!’ Harry  aid, bending down and picking up the Sneako cope. ‘I never wear tho e  ock  if I can help it …’ The Sneako cope whirled and whi tled in hi  palm. Crook hank  wa  hi ing and  pitting at it. ‘You’d better take that cat out of here, Hermione,’  aid Ron furiou ly; he wa   itting on Harry’  bed nur ing hi  toe. ‘Can’t you  hut that thing up?’ he added to Harry, a  Hermione  trode out of the room, Crook hank ’  yellow eye   till fixed maliciou ly on Ron. Harry  tuffed the Sneako cope back in ide the  ock  and threw it back into hi  trunk. All that could be heard now were Ron’   tifled moan  of pain and rage. Scabber  wa  huddled in Ron’  hand . It had been a while  ince Harry had  een him out of Ron’  pocket, and he wa  unplea antly  urpri ed to  ee that Scabber , once  o fat, wa  now very  kinny; patche  of fur  eemed to have fallen out, too. ‘He’  not looking too good, i  he?’ Harry  aid. ‘It’   tre !’  aid Ron. ‘He’d be fine if that  tupid great furball left him alone!’ But Harry, remembering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had  aid about rat  only living three year , couldn’t help feeling that unle  Scabber  had power  he had never revealed, he wa  reaching the end of hi  life. And de pite Ron’  frequent complaint  that Scabber  wa  both boring and u ele , he wa   ure Ron would be very mi erable if Scabber  died. Chri tma   pirit wa  definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning. Hermione had  hut Crook hank  in her dormitory, but wa  furiou  with Ron for trying to kick him; Ron wa   till fuming about Crook hank ’  fre h attempt to eat Scabber . Harry gave up trying to make them talk to each other, and devoted him elf to examining the Firebolt, which he had brought down to the common room with him. For  ome rea on thi   eemed to annoy Hermione a  well;  he didn’t  ay anything, but  he kept looking darkly at the broom a  though it, too, had been critici ing her cat. At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to find that the hou e table  had been moved again t the wall  again, and that a  ingle table,  et for twelve,  tood in the middle of the room. Profe or  Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, Sprout and Flitwick were there, along with Filch, the caretaker, who had taken off hi  u ual brown coat and wa  wearing a very old and rather mouldy looking tail coat. There were only three other  tudent : two extremely nervou -looking fir t-year , and a  ullen-faced Slytherin fifth-year. ‘Merry Chri tma !’  aid Dumbledore, a  Harry, Ron and Hermione approached the table. ‘A  there are  o few of u , it  eemed fooli h to u e the hou e table  …  it down,  it down!’ Harry, Ron and Hermione  at down  ide by  ide at the end of the table. ‘Cracker !’  aid Dumbledore enthu ia tically, offering the end of a large  ilver one to Snape, who took it reluctantly and tugged. With a bang like a gun hot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large, pointed witch’  hat topped with a  tuffed vulture. Harry, remembering the Boggart, caught Ron’  eye and they both grinned; Snape’  mouth thinned and he pu hed the hat toward  Dumbledore, who  wapped it for hi  wizard’  hat at once. ‘Tuck in!’ he advi ed the table, beaming around. A  Harry wa  helping him elf to roa t potatoe , the door  of the Great Hall opened again. It wa  Profe or Trelawney, gliding toward  them a  though on wheel . She had put on a green  equined dre  in honour of the occa ion, making her look more than ever like a glittering, over ize dragonfly. ‘Sybill, thi  i  a plea ant  urpri e!’  aid Dumbledore,  tanding up. ‘I have been cry tal-gazing, Headma ter,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, in her mi tie t, mo t faraway voice, ‘and to my a toni hment, I  aw my elf abandoning my  olitary luncheon and coming to join you. Who am I to refu e the prompting  of fate? I at once ha tened from my tower, and I do beg you to forgive my latene  …’ ‘Certainly, certainly,’  aid Dumbledore, hi  eye  twinkling. ‘Let me draw you up a chair –’ And he did indeed draw a chair in mid-air with hi  wand, which revolved for a few  econd  before falling with a thud between Profe or  Snape and McGonagall. Profe or Trelawney, however, did not  it down; her enormou  eye  had been roving around the table, and  he  uddenly uttered a kind of  oft  cream. ‘I dare not, Headma ter! If I join the table, we  hall be thirteen! Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget that when thirteen dine together, the fir t to ri e will be the fir t to die!’ ‘We’ll ri k it, Sybill,’  aid Profe or McGonagall impatiently. ‘Do  it down, the turkey’  getting  tone cold.’ Profe or Trelawney he itated, then lowered her elf into the empty chair, eye   hut and mouth clenched tight, a  though expecting a thunderbolt to hit the table. Profe or McGonagall poked a large  poon into the neare t tureen. ‘Tripe, Sybill?’ Profe or Trelawney ignored her. Eye  open again,  he looked around once more and  aid, ‘But where i  dear Profe or Lupin?’ ‘I’m afraid the poor fellow i  ill again,’  aid Dumbledore, indicating that everybody  hould  tart  erving them elve . ‘Mo t unfortunate that it  hould happen on Chri tma  Day.’ ‘But  urely you already knew that, Sybill?’  aid Profe or McGonagall, her eyebrow  rai ed. Profe or Trelawney gave Profe or McGonagall a very cold look. ‘Certainly I knew, Minerva,’  he  aid quietly. ‘But one doe  not parade the fact that one i  All-Knowing. I frequently act a  though I am not po e ed of the Inner Eye,  o a  not to make other  nervou .’ ‘That explain  a great deal,’  aid Profe or McGonagall tartly. Profe or Trelawney’  voice  uddenly became a good deal le  mi ty. ‘If you mu t know, Minerva, I have  een that poor Profe or Lupin will not be with u  for very long. He  eem  aware, him elf, that hi  time i   hort. He po itively fled when I offered to cry tal-gaze for him –’ ‘Imagine that,’  aid Profe or McGonagall drily. ‘I doubt,’  aid Dumbledore, in a cheerful but  lightly rai ed voice, which put an end to Profe or McGonagall and Profe or Trelawney’  conver ation, ‘that Profe or Lupin i  in any immediate danger. Severu , you’ve made the Potion for him again?’ ‘Ye , Headma ter,’  aid Snape. ‘Good,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Then he  hould be up and about in no time … Derek, have you had any of the e chipolata ? They’re excellent.’ The fir t-year boy went furiou ly red on being addre ed directly by Dumbledore, and took the platter of  au age  with trembling hand . Profe or Trelawney behaved almo t normally until the very end of Chri tma  dinner, two hour  later. Full to bur ting with Chri tma  dinner and  till wearing their cracker hat , Harry and Ron got up fir t from the table and  he  hrieked loudly. ‘My dear ! Which of you left hi   eat fir t? Which?’ ‘Dunno,’  aid Ron, looking unea ily at Harry. ‘I doubt it will make much difference,’  aid Profe or McGonagall coldly, ‘unle  a mad axe-man i  waiting out ide the door  to  laughter the fir t into the Entrance Hall.’ Even Ron laughed. Profe or Trelawney looked highly affronted. ‘Coming?’ Harry  aid to Hermione. ‘No,’ Hermione muttered. ‘I want a quick word with Profe or McGonagall.’ ‘Probably trying to  ee if  he can take any more cla e ,’ yawned Ron a  they made their way into the Entrance Hall, which wa  completely devoid of mad axe-men. When they reached the portrait hole they found Sir Cadogan enjoying a Chri tma  party with a couple of monk ,  everal previou  headma ter  of Hogwart  and hi  fat pony. He pu hed up hi  vi or and toa ted them with a flagon of mead. ‘Merry – hic – Chri tma ! Pa word?’ ‘Scurvy cur,’  aid Ron. ‘And the  ame to you,  ir!’ roared Sir Cadogan, a  the painting  wung forward to admit them. Harry went  traight up to the dormitory, collected hi  Firebolt and the Broom tick Servicing Kit Hermione had given him for hi  birthday, brought them down tair  and tried to find  omething to do to the Firebolt; however, there were no bent twig  to clip, and the handle wa   o  hiny already it  eemed pointle  to poli h it. He and Ron  imply  at admiring it from every angle, until the portrait hole opened, and Hermione came in, accompanied by Profe or McGonagall. Though Profe or McGonagall wa  Head of Gryffindor hou e, Harry had only  een her in the common room once before, and that had been to make a very grave announcement. He and Ron  tared at her, both holding the Firebolt. Hermione walked around them,  at down, picked up the neare t book and hid her face behind it. ‘So that’  it, i  it?’  aid Profe or McGonagall beadily, walking over to the fire ide and  taring at the Firebolt. ‘Mi  Granger ha  ju t informed me that you have been  ent a broom tick, Potter.’ Harry and Ron looked around at Hermione. They could  ee her forehead reddening over the top of her book, which wa  up ide-down. ‘May I?’  aid Profe or McGonagall, but  he didn’t wait for an an wer before pulling the Firebolt out of their hand . She examined it carefully from handle to twig-end . ‘Hmm. And there wa  no note at all, Potter? No card? No me age of any kind?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry blankly. ‘I  ee …’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Well, I’m afraid I will have to take thi , Potter.’ ‘W-what?’  aid Harry,  crambling to hi  feet. ‘Why?’ ‘It will need to be checked for jinxe ,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘Of cour e, I’m no expert, but I dare ay Madam Hooch and Profe or Flitwick will  trip it down –’ ‘Strip it down?’ repeated Ron, a  though Profe or McGonagall wa  mad. ‘It  houldn’t take more than a few week ,’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘You will have it back if we are  ure it i  jinx-free.’ ‘There’  nothing wrong with it!’  aid Harry, hi  voice  haking  lightly. ‘Hone tly, Profe or –’ ‘You can’t know that, Potter,’  aid Profe or McGonagall, quite kindly, ‘not until you’ve flown it, at any rate, and I’m afraid that i  out of the que tion until we are certain that it ha  not been tampered with. I  hall keep you informed.’ Profe or McGonagall turned on her heel and carried the Firebolt out of the portrait hole, which clo ed behind her. Harry  tood  taring after her, the tin of High-Fini h Poli h  till clutched in hi  hand . Ron, however, rounded on Hermione. ‘What did you go running to McGonagall for?’ Hermione threw her book a ide. She wa   till pink in the face, but  tood up and faced Ron defiantly. ‘Becau e I thought – and Profe or McGonagall agree  with me – that that broom wa  probably  ent to Harry by Siriu  Black!’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TWELVE The Patronu  Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that didn’t  top him being angry with her. He had been the owner of the be t broom in the world for a few  hort hour , and now, becau e of her interference, he didn’t know whether he would ever  ee it again. He wa  po itive that there wa  nothing wrong with the Firebolt now, but what  ort of  tate would it be in once it had been  ubjected to all  ort  of anti-jinx te t ? Ron wa  furiou  with Hermione, too. A  far a  he wa  concerned, the  tripping-down of a brand-new Firebolt wa  nothing le  than criminal damage. Hermione, who remained convinced that  he had acted for the be t,  tarted avoiding the common room. Harry and Ron  uppo ed  he had taken refuge in the library, and didn’t try and per uade her to come back. All in all, they were glad when the re t of the  chool returned  hortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became crowded and noi y again. Wood  ought Harry out on the night before term  tarted. ‘Had a good Chri tma ?’ he  aid, and then, without waiting for an an wer, he  at down, lowered hi  voice and  aid, ‘I’ve been doing  ome thinking over Chri tma , Harry. After la t match, you know. If the Dementor  come to the next one … I mean … we can’t afford you to – well –’ Wood broke off, looking awkward. ‘I’m working on it,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘Profe or Lupin  aid he’d train me to ward the Dementor  off. We  hould be  tarting thi  week; he  aid he’d have time after Chri tma .’ ‘Ah,’  aid Wood, hi  expre ion clearing. ‘Well, in that ca e – I really didn’t want to lo e you a  Seeker, Harry. And have you ordered a new broom yet?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry. ‘What! You’d better get a move on, you know – you can’t ride that Shooting Star again t Ravenclaw!’ ‘He got a Firebolt for Chri tma ,’  aid Ron. ‘A Firebolt? No! Seriou ly? A – a real Firebolt?’ ‘Don’t get excited, Oliver,’  aid Harry gloomily. ‘I haven’t got it any more. It wa  confi cated.’ And he explained all about how the Firebolt wa  now being checked for jinxe . ‘Jinxed? How could it be jinxed?’ ‘Siriu  Black,’ Harry  aid wearily. ‘He’   uppo ed to be after me. So McGonagall reckon  he might have  ent it.’ Waving a ide the information that a famou  murderer wa  after hi  Seeker, Wood  aid, ‘But Black couldn’t have bought a Firebolt! He’  on the run! The whole country’  on the lookout for him! How could he ju t walk into Quality Quidditch Supplie  and buy a broom tick?’ ‘I know,’  aid Harry, ‘but McGonagall  till want  to  trip it down –’ Wood went pale. ‘I’ll go and talk to her, Harry,’ he promi ed. ‘I’ll make her  ee rea on … a Firebolt … a real Firebolt, on our team …  he want  Gryffindor to win a  much a  we do … I’ll make her  ee  en e … a Firebolt …’ * Le on   tarted again next day. The la t thing anyone felt like doing wa   pending two hour  in the ground  on a raw, January morning, but Hagrid had provided a bonfire full of  alamander  for their enjoyment, and they  pent an unu ually good le on collecting dry wood and leave  to keep the fire blazing, while the flame-loving lizard   campered up and down the crumbling, white-hot log . The fir t Divination le on of the new term wa  much le  fun; Profe or Trelawney wa  now teaching them palmi try, and  he lo t no time in informing Harry that he had the  horte t life-line   he had ever  een. It wa  Defence Again t the Dark Art  that Harry wa  keen to get to; after hi  conver ation with Wood, he wanted to get  tarted on hi  Anti-Dementor le on  a   oon a  po ible. ‘Ah ye ,’  aid Lupin, when Harry reminded him of hi  promi e at the end of cla . ‘Let me  ee … how about eight o’clock on Thur day evening? The Hi tory of Magic cla room  hould be large enough … I’ll have to think carefully about how we’re going to do thi  … we can’t bring a real Dementor into the ca tle to practi e on …’ ‘Still look  ill, doe n’t he?’  aid Ron, a  they walked down the corridor, heading to dinner. ‘What d’you reckon’  the matter with him?’ There wa  a loud and impatient ‘tuh’ from behind them. It wa  Hermione, who had been  itting at the feet of a  uit of armour, repacking her bag, which wa   o full of book  it wouldn’t clo e. ‘And what are you tutting at u  for?’  aid Ron irritably. ‘Nothing,’  aid Hermione in a lofty voice, heaving her bag back over her  houlder. ‘Ye , you were,’  aid Ron. ‘I  aid I wonder what’  wrong with Lupin, and you –’ ‘Well, i n’t it obviou ?’  aid Hermione, with a look of maddening  uperiority. ‘If you don’t want to tell u , don’t,’  napped Ron. ‘Fine,’  aid Hermione haughtily, and  he marched off. ‘She doe n’t know,’  aid Ron,  taring re entfully after Hermione. ‘She’  ju t trying to get u  to talk to her again.’ * At eight o’clock on Thur day evening, Harry left Gryffindor Tower for the Hi tory of Magic cla room. It wa  dark and empty when he arrived, but he lit the lamp  with hi  wand and had waited only five minute  when Profe or Lupin turned up, carrying a large packing ca e, which he heaved onto Profe or Binn’  de k. ‘What’  that?’  aid Harry. ‘Another Boggart,’  aid Lupin,  tripping off hi  cloak. ‘I’ve been combing the ca tle ever  ince Tue day, and very luckily, I found thi  one lurking in ide Mr Filch’  filing cabinet. It’  the neare t we’ll get to a real Dementor. The Boggart will turn into a Dementor when he  ee  you,  o we’ll be able to practi e on him. I can  tore him in my office when we’re not u ing him; there’  a cupboard under my de k he’ll like.’ ‘OK,’  aid Harry, trying to  ound a  though he wa n’t apprehen ive at all and merely glad that Lupin had found  uch a good  ub titute for a real Dementor. ‘So …’ Profe or Lupin had taken out hi  own wand, and indicated that Harry  hould do the  ame. ‘The  pell I am going to try and teach you i  highly advanced magic, Harry – well beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level. It i  called the Patronu  Charm.’ ‘How doe  it work?’  aid Harry nervou ly. ‘Well, when it work  correctly, it conjure  up a Patronu ,’  aid Lupin, ‘which i  a kind of Anti-Dementor – a guardian which act  a  a  hield between you and the Dementor.’ Harry had a  udden vi ion of him elf crouching behind a Hagrid- ized figure holding a large club. Profe or Lupin continued, ‘The Patronu  i  a kind of po itive force, a projection of the very thing  that the Dementor feed  upon – hope, happine , the de ire to  urvive – but it cannot feel de pair, a  real human  can,  o the Dementor  can’t hurt it. But I mu t warn you, Harry, that the Charm might be too advanced for you. Many qualified wizard  have difficulty with it.’ ‘What doe  a Patronu  look like?’  aid Harry curiou ly. ‘Each one i  unique to the wizard who conjure  it.’ ‘And how do you conjure it?’ ‘With an incantation, which will work only if you are concentrating, with all your might, on a  ingle, very happy memory.’ Harry ca t about for a happy memory. Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the Dur ley ’ wa  going to do. Finally, he  ettled on the moment when he had fir t ridden a broom tick. ‘Right,’ he  aid, trying to recall a  exactly a  po ible the wonderful,  oaring  en ation in hi   tomach. ‘The incantation i  thi  –’ Lupin cleared hi  throat, ‘expecto patronum!’ ‘Expecto patronum,’ Harry repeated under hi  breath, ‘expecto patronum.’ ‘Concentrating hard on your happy memory?’ ‘Oh – yeah –’  aid Harry, quickly forcing hi  thought  back to that fir t broom-ride. ‘Expecto patrono – no, patronum –  orry – expecto patronum, expecto patronum –’ Something whoo hed  uddenly out of the end of hi  wand; it looked like a wi p of  ilvery ga . ‘Did you  ee that?’  aid Harry excitedly. ‘Something happened!’ ‘Very good,’  aid Lupin,  miling. ‘Right then – ready to try it on a Dementor?’ ‘Ye ,’ Harry  aid, gripping hi  wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the de erted cla room. He tried to keep hi  mind on flying, but  omething el e kept intruding … any  econd now, he might hear hi  mother again … but he  houldn’t think that, or he would hear her again, and he didn’t want to … or did he? Lupin gra ped the lid of the packing ca e and pulled. A Dementor ro e  lowly from the box, it  hooded face turned toward  Harry, one gli tening,  cabbed hand gripping it  cloak. The lamp  around the cla room flickered and went out. The Dementor  tepped from the box and  tarted to  weep  ilently toward  Harry, drawing a deep, rattling breath. A wave of piercing cold broke over him – ‘Expecto patronum!’ Harry yelled. ‘Expecto patronum! Expecto –’ But the cla room and the Dementor were di olving … Harry wa  falling again through thick white fog, and hi  mother’  voice wa  louder than ever, echoing in ide hi  head – ‘Not Harry! Not Harry! Plea e – I’ll do anything –’ ‘Stand a ide –  tand a ide, girl –’ ‘Harry!’ Harry jerked back to life. He wa  lying flat on hi  back on the floor. The cla room lamp  were alight again. He didn’t have to a k what had happened. ‘Sorry,’ he muttered,  itting up and feeling cold  weat trickling down behind hi  gla e . ‘Are you all right?’  aid Lupin. ‘Ye  …’ Harry pulled him elf up on one of the de k  and leaned again t it. ‘Here –’ Lupin handed him a Chocolate Frog. ‘Eat thi  before we try again. I didn’t expect you to do it fir t time. In fact, I would have been a tounded if you had.’ ‘It’  getting wor e,’ Harry muttered, biting the Frog’  head off. ‘I could hear her louder that time – and him – Voldemort –’ Lupin looked paler than u ual. ‘Harry if you don’t want to continue, I will more than under tand –’ ‘I do!’  aid Harry fiercely,  tuffing the re t of the Chocolate Frog into hi  mouth. ‘I’ve got to! What if the Dementor  turn up at our match again t Ravenclaw? I can’t afford to fall off again. If we lo e thi  game we’ve lo t the Quidditch Cup!’ ‘All right then …’  aid Lupin. ‘You might want to  elect another memory, a happy memory, I mean, to concentrate on … that one doe n’t  eem to have been  trong enough …’ Harry thought hard, and decided hi  feeling  when Gryffindor had won the Hou e Champion hip la t year had definitely qualified a  very happy. He gripped hi  wand tightly again, and took up hi  po ition in the middle of the cla room. ‘Ready?’  aid Lupin, gripping the box lid. ‘Ready’  aid Harry, trying hard to fill hi  head with happy thought  about Gryffindor winning, and not dark thought  about what wa  going to happen when the box opened. ‘Go!’  aid Lupin, pulling off the lid. The room went icily cold and dark once more. The Dementor glided forward , drawing it  rattly breath; one rotting hand wa  extending toward  Harry – ‘Expecto patronum!’ Harry yelled. ‘Expecto patronum! Expecto pat –’ White fog ob cured hi   en e  … big, blurred  hape  were moving around him … then came a new voice, a man’  voice,  houting, panicking – ‘Lily, take Harry and go! It’  Him! Go! Run! I’ll hold him off –’ The  ound  of  omeone  tumbling from a room – a door bur ting open – a cackle of high-pitched laughter – ‘Harry! Harry … wake up …’ Lupin wa  tapping Harry hard on the face. Thi  time it wa  a minute before Harry under tood why he wa  lying on a du ty cla room floor. ‘I heard my dad,’ Harry mumbled. ‘That’  the fir t time I’ve ever heard him – he tried to take on Voldemort him elf, to give my mum time to run for it …’ Harry  uddenly reali ed that there were tear  on hi  face mingling with the  weat. He bent hi  face low a  po ible, wiping them off on hi  robe , pretending to do up hi   hoelace,  o that Lupin wouldn’t  ee. ‘You heard Jame ?’  aid Lupin, in a  trange voice. ‘Yeah …’ Face dry, Harry looked up. ‘Why – you didn’t know my dad, did you?’ ‘I – I did, a  a matter of fact,’  aid Lupin. ‘We were friend  at Hogwart . Li ten, Harry – perhap  we  hould leave it here for tonight. Thi  charm i  ridiculou ly advanced … I  houldn’t have  ugge ted putting you through thi  …’ ‘No!’  aid Harry. He got up again. ‘I’ll have one more go! I’m not thinking of happy enough thing , that’  what it i  … hang on …’ He racked hi  brain . A really, really happy memory … one that he could turn into a good,  trong Patronu  … The moment when he’d fir t found out he wa  a wizard, and would be leaving the Dur ley  for Hogwart ! If that wa n’t a happy memory, he didn’t know what wa  … concentrating very hard on how he had felt when he’d reali ed he’d be leaving Privet Drive, Harry got to hi  feet and faced the packing ca e once more. ‘Ready?’  aid Lupin, who looked a  though he wa  doing thi  again t hi  better judgement. ‘Concentrating hard? All right – go!’ He pulled off the lid of the ca e for the third time, and the Dementor ro e out of it; the room fell cold and dark – ‘EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ Harry bellowed. ‘EXPECTO PATRONUM! EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ The  creaming in ide Harry’  head had  tarted again – except thi  time, it  ounded a  though it wa  coming from a badly tuned radio. Softer and louder and  ofter again … and he could  till  ee the Dementor … it had halted … and then a huge,  ilver  hadow came bur ting out of the end of Harry’  wand, to hover between him and the Dementor, and though Harry’  leg  felt like water, he wa   till on hi  feet … though for how much longer, he wa n’t  ure … ‘Riddikulu !’ roared Lupin,  pringing forward . There wa  a loud crack, and Harry’  cloudy Patronu  vani hed along with the Dementor; he  ank into a chair, feeling a  exhau ted a  if he’d ju t run a mile, hi  leg   haking. Out of the corner of hi  eye, he  aw Profe or Lupin forcing the Boggart back into the packing ca e with hi  wand; it had turned into a  ilvery orb again. ‘Excellent!’ Lupin  aid,  triding over to where Harry  at. ‘Excellent, Harry! That wa  definitely a  tart!’ ‘Can we have another go? Ju t one more go?’ ‘Not now,’  aid Lupin firmly. ‘You’ve had enough for one night. Here –’ He handed Harry a large bar of Honeyduke ’ be t chocolate. ‘Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. Same time next week?’ ‘OK,’  aid Harry. He took a bite of the chocolate and watched Lupin extingui hing the lamp  that had rekindled with the di appearance of the Dementor. A thought had ju t occurred to him. ‘Profe or Lupin?’ he  aid. ‘If you knew my dad, you mu t’ve known Siriu  Black a  well.’ Lupin turned very quickly. ‘What give  you that idea?’ he  aid  harply. ‘Nothing – I mean, I ju t knew they were friend  at Hogwart , too …’ Lupin’  face relaxed. ‘Ye , I knew him,’ he  aid  hortly. ‘Or I thought I did. You’d better get off, Harry, it’  getting late.’ Harry left the cla room, walked along the corridor and around a corner, than took a detour behind a  uit of armour and  ank down on it  plinth to fini h hi  chocolate, wi hing he hadn’t mentioned Black, a  Lupin wa  obviou ly not keen on the  ubject. Then Harry’  thought  wandered back to hi  mother and father … He felt drained and  trangely empty, even though he wa   o full of chocolate. Terrible though it wa  to hear hi  parent ’ la t moment  replayed in ide hi  head, the e were the only time  Harry had heard their voice   ince he wa  a very  mall child. But he’d never be able to produce a proper Patronu  if he half-wanted to hear hi  parent  again … ‘They’re dead,’ he told him elf  ternly. ‘They’re dead, and li tening to echoe  of them won’t bring them back. You’d better get a grip on your elf if you want that Quidditch Cup.’ He  tood up, crammed the la t bit of chocolate into hi  mouth and headed back to Gryffindor Tower. * Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the  tart of term. Slytherin won, though narrowly. According to Wood, thi  wa  good new  for Gryffindor, who would take  econd place if they beat Ravenclaw too. He therefore increa ed the number of team practice  to five a week. Thi  meant that with Lupin’  Anti-Dementor cla e , which in them elve  were more draining than  ix Quidditch practice , Harry had ju t one night a week to do all hi  homework. Even  o, he wa n’t  howing the  train nearly a  much a  Hermione, who e immen e workload finally  eemed to be getting to her. Every night, without fail, Hermione wa  to be  een in a corner of the common room,  everal table   pread with book , Arithmancy chart , Rune dictionarie , diagram  of Muggle  lifting heavy object , and file upon file of exten ive note ;  he barely  poke to anybody, and  napped when  he wa  interrupted. ‘How’   he doing it?’ Ron muttered to Harry one evening, a  Harry  at fini hing a na ty e ay on Undetectable Poi on  for Snape. Harry looked up. Hermione wa  barely vi ible behind a tottering pile of book . ‘Doing what?’ ‘Getting to all her cla e !’ Ron  aid. ‘I heard her talking to Profe or Vector, that Arithmancy witch, thi  morning. They were going on about ye terday’  le on, but Hermione can’t’ve been there, becau e  he wa  with u  in Care of Magical Creature ! And Ernie McMillan told me  he’  never mi ed a Muggle Studie  cla , but half of them are at the  ame time a  Divination, and  he’  never mi ed one of them, either!’ Harry didn’t have time to fathom the my tery of Hermione’  impo ible timetable at the moment; he really needed to get on with Snape’  e ay. Two  econd  later, however, he wa  interrupted again, thi  time by Wood. ‘Bad new , Harry. I’ve ju t been to  ee Profe or McGonagall about the Firebolt. She – er – got a bit  hirty with me. Told me I’d got my prioritie  wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about you  taying alive. Ju t becau e I told her I didn’t care if it threw you off, a  long a  you caught the Snitch on it fir t.’ Wood  hook hi  head in di belief. ‘Hone tly, the way  he wa  yelling at me … you’d think I’d  aid  omething terrible. Then I a ked her how much longer  he wa  going to keep it …’ He  crewed up hi  face and imitated Profe or McGonagall’   evere voice, ‘‘A  long a  nece ary, Wood’ … I reckon it’  time you ordered a new broom, Harry. There’  an order form at the back of Which Broom tick … you could get a Nimbu  Two Thou and and One, like Malfoy’  got.’ ‘I’m not buying anything Malfoy think  i  good,’  aid Harry flatly. * January faded imperceptibly into February, with no change in the bitterly cold weather. The match again t Ravenclaw wa  drawing nearer and nearer, but Harry  till hadn’t ordered a new broom. He wa  now a king Profe or McGonagall for new  of the Firebolt after every Tran figuration le on, Ron  tanding hopefully at hi   houlder, Hermione ru hing pa t with her face averted. ‘No, Potter, you can’t have it back yet,’ Profe or McGonagall told him the twelfth time thi  happened, before he’d even opened hi  mouth. ‘We’ve checked for mo t of the u ual cur e , but Profe or Flitwick believe  the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I  hall tell you once we’ve fini hed checking it. Now, plea e  top badgering me.’ To make matter  even wor e, Harry’  Anti-Dementor le on  were not going nearly a  well a  he had hoped. Several  e ion  on, he wa  able to produce an indi tinct,  ilvery  hadow every time the Boggart-Dementor approached him, but hi  Patronu  wa  too feeble to drive the Dementor away. All it did wa  hover, like a  emi-tran parent cloud, draining Harry of energy a  he fought to keep it there. Harry felt angry with him elf, guilty about hi   ecret de ire to hear hi  parent ’ voice  again. ‘You’re expecting too much of your elf,’  aid Profe or Lupin  ternly, in their fourth week of practice. ‘For a thirteen-year-old wizard, even an indi tinct Patronu  i  a huge achievement. You aren’t pa ing out any more, are you?’ ‘I thought a Patronu  would – charge the Dementor  down or  omething,’  aid Harry di piritedly. ‘Make them di appear –’ ‘The true Patronu  doe  do that,’  aid Lupin. ‘But you’ve achieved a great deal in a very  hort  pace of time. If the Dementor  put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match, you will be able to keep them at bay long enough to get back to the ground.’ ‘You  aid it’  harder if there are load  of them,’  aid Harry. ‘I have complete confidence in you,’  aid Lupin,  miling. ‘Here – you’ve earned a drink. Something from the Three Broom tick , you won’t have tried it before –’ He pulled two bottle  out of hi  briefca e. ‘Butterbeer!’  aid Harry, without thinking. ‘Yeah, I like that  tuff!’ Lupin rai ed an eyebrow. ‘Oh – Ron and Hermione brought me  ome back from Hog meade,’ Harry lied quickly. ‘I  ee,’  aid Lupin, though he  till looked  lightly  u piciou . ‘Well – let’  drink to a Gryffindor victory again t Ravenclaw! Not that I’m  uppo ed to take  ide , a  a teacher …’ he added ha tily. They drank the Butterbeer in  ilence, until Harry voiced  omething he’d been wondering for a while. ‘What’  under a Dementor’  hood?’ Profe or Lupin lowered hi  bottle thoughtfully. ‘Hmmm … well, the only people who really know are in no condition to tell u . You  ee, the Dementor only lower  it  hood to u e it  la t and wor t weapon.’ ‘What’  that?’ ‘They call it the Dementor ’ Ki ,’  aid Lupin, with a  lightly twi ted  mile. ‘It’  what Dementor  do to tho e they wi h to de troy utterly. I  uppo e there mu t be  ome kind of mouth under there, becau e they clamp their jaw  upon the mouth of the victim and – and  uck out hi   oul.’ Harry accidentally  pat out a bit of Butterbeer. ‘What – they kill –?’ ‘Oh, no,’  aid Lupin. ‘Much wor e than that. You can exi t without your  oul, you know, a  long a  your brain and heart are  till working. But you’ll have no  en e of  elf any more, no memory, no … anything. There’  no chance at all of recovery. You’ll ju t – exi t. A  an empty  hell. And your  oul i  gone for ever … lo t.’ Lupin drank a little more Butterbeer, then  aid, ‘It’  the fate that await  Siriu  Black. It wa  in the Daily Prophet thi  morning. The Mini try have given the Dementor  permi ion to perform it if they find him.’ Harry  at  tunned for a moment at the idea of  omeone having their  oul  ucked out through their mouth. But then he thought of Black. ‘He de erve  it,’ he  aid  uddenly. ‘You think  o?’  aid Lupin lightly. ‘Do you really think anyone de erve  that?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry defiantly. ‘For … for  ome thing  …’ He would have liked to have told Lupin about the conver ation he’d overheard about Black in the Three Broom tick , about Black betraying hi  mother and father, but it would have involved revealing that he’d gone to Hog meade without permi ion, and he knew Lupin wouldn’t be very impre ed by that. So he fini hed hi  Butterbeer, thanked Lupin, and left the Hi tory of Magic cla room. Harry half-wi hed that he hadn’t a ked what wa  under a Dementor’  hood, the an wer had been  o horrible, and he wa   o lo t in unplea ant thought  of what it would feel like to have your  oul  ucked out of you, that he walked headlong into Profe or McGonagall halfway up the  tair . ‘Do watch where you’re going, Potter!’ ‘Sorry, Profe or –’ ‘I’ve ju t been looking for you in the Gryffindor common room. Well, here it i , we’ve done everything we could think of, and there doe n’t  eem to be anything wrong with it at all – you’ve got a very good friend  omewhere, Potter …’ Harry’  jaw dropped. She wa  holding out hi  Firebolt, and it looked a  magnificent a  ever. ‘I can have it back?’ Harry  aid weakly. ‘Seriou ly?’ ‘Seriou ly,’  aid Profe or McGonagall, and  he wa  actually  miling. ‘I dare ay you’ll need to get the feel of it before Saturday’  match, won’t you? And Potter – do try and win, won’t you? Or we’ll be out of the running for the eighth year in a row, a  Profe or Snape wa  kind enough to remind me only la t night …’ Speechle , Harry carried the Firebolt back up tair  toward  Gryffindor Tower. A  he turned a corner, he  aw Ron da hing toward  him, grinning from ear to ear. ‘She gave it to you? Excellent! Li ten, can I  till have a go on it? Tomorrow?’ ‘Yeah … anything …’  aid Harry, hi  heart lighter than it had been in a month. ‘You know what – we  hould make it up with Hermione. She wa  only trying to help …’ ‘Yeah, all right,’  aid Ron. ‘She’  in the common room now – working, for a change.’ They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and  aw Neville Longbottom, pleading with Sir Cadogan, who  eemed to be refu ing him entrance. ‘I wrote them down,’ Neville wa   aying tearfully, ‘but I mu t’ve dropped them  omewhere!’ ‘A likely tale!’ roared Sir Cadogan. Then,  potting Harry and Ron, ‘Good even, my fine young yeomen! Come clap thi  loon in iron , he i  trying to force entry to the chamber  within!’ ‘Oh,  hut up,’  aid Ron, a  he and Harry drew level with Neville. ‘I’ve lo t the pa word !’ Neville told them mi erably. ‘I made him tell me what pa word  he wa  going to u e thi  week, becau e he keep  changing them, and now I don’t know what I’ve done with them!’ ‘Odd bodikin ,’  aid Harry to Sir Cadogan, who looked extremely di appointed and reluctantly  wung forward  to let them into the common room. There wa  a  udden, excited murmur a  every head turned and the next moment, Harry wa   urrounded by people exclaiming over hi  Firebolt. ‘Where’d you get it, Harry?’ ‘Will you let me have a go?’ ‘Have you ridden it yet, Harry?’ ‘Ravenclaw’ll have no chance, they’re all on Clean weep Seven !’ ‘Can I ju t hold it, Harry?’ After ten minute  or  o, during which the Firebolt wa  pa ed around and admired from every angle, the crowd di per ed and Harry and Ron had a clear view of Hermione, the only per on who hadn’t ru hed over to them, bent over her work, and carefully avoiding their eye . Harry and Ron approached her table and at la t,  he looked up. ‘I got it back,’  aid Harry, grinning at her and holding up the Firebolt. ‘See, Hermione? There wa n’t anything wrong with it!’  aid Ron. ‘Well – there might have been!’  aid Hermione. ‘I mean, at lea t you know now that it’   afe!’ ‘Yeah, I  uppo e  o,’  aid Harry. ‘I’d better put it up tair  –’ ‘I’ll take it!’  aid Ron eagerly. ‘I’ve got to give Scabber  hi  Rat Tonic.’ He took the Firebolt, and, holding it a  if it were made of gla , carried it away up the boy ’  tairca e. ‘Can I  it down, then?’ Harry a ked Hermione. ‘I  uppo e  o,’  aid Hermione, moving a great  tack of parchment off a chair. Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arithmancy e ay on which the ink wa   till gli tening, at the even longer Muggle Studie  e ay (‘Explain why Muggle  Need Electricity’) and at the Rune tran lation Hermione wa  now poring over. ‘How are you getting through all thi   tuff?’ Harry a ked her. ‘Oh, well – you know – working hard,’  aid Hermione. Clo e to, Harry  aw that  he looked almo t a  tired a  Lupin. ‘Why don’t you ju t drop a couple of  ubject ?’ Harry a ked, watching her lifting book  a   he  earched for her Rune dictionary. ‘I couldn’t do that!’  aid Hermione, looking  candali ed. ‘Arithmancy look  terrible,’  aid Harry, picking up a very complicated-looking number chart. ‘Oh, no, it’  wonderful!’  aid Hermione earne tly. ‘It’  my favourite  ubject! It’  –’ But exactly what wa  wonderful about Arithmancy, Harry never found out. At that preci e moment, a  trangled yell echoed down the boy ’  tairca e. The whole common room fell  ilent,  taring, petrified, at the entrance. There came hurried foot tep , growing louder and louder – and then, Ron came leaping into view, dragging with him a bed heet. ‘LOOK!’ he bellowed,  triding over to Hermione’  table. ‘LOOK!’ he yelled,  haking the  heet  in her face. ‘Ron, what –?’ ‘SCABBERS! LOOK! SCABBERS!’ Hermione wa  leaning away from Ron, looking utterly bewildered. Harry looked down at the  heet Ron wa  holding. There wa   omething red on it. Something that looked horribly like – ‘BLOOD!’ Ron yelled into the  tunned  ilence. ‘HE’S GONE! AND YOU KNOW WHAT WAS ON THE FLOOR?’ ‘N-no,’  aid Hermione, in a trembling voice. Ron threw  omething down onto Hermione’  Rune tran lation. Hermione and Harry leaned forward. Lying on top of the weird,  piky  hape  were  everal long, ginger cat hair . Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER THIRTEEN Gryffindor ver u  Ravenclaw It looked like the end of Ron and Hermione’  friend hip. Each wa   o angry with the other that Harry couldn’t  ee how they’d ever make it up. Ron wa  enraged that Hermione had never taken Crook hank ’  attempt  to eat Scabber   eriou ly, hadn’t bothered to keep a clo e enough watch on him and wa   till trying to pretend that Crook hank  wa  innocent by  ugge ting Ron look for Scabber  under all the boy ’ bed . Hermione, meanwhile, maintained fiercely that Ron had no proof that Crook hank  had eaten Scabber , that the ginger hair  might have been there  ince Chri tma , and that Ron had been prejudiced again t her cat ever  ince Crook hank  had landed on Ron’  head in the Magical Menagerie. Per onally, Harry wa   ure that Crook hank  had eaten Scabber , and when he tried to point out to Hermione that the evidence all pointed that way,  he lo t her temper with Harry, too. ‘OK,  ide with Ron, I knew you would!’  he  aid  hrilly. ‘Fir t the Firebolt, now Scabber , everything’  my fault, i n’t it! Ju t leave me alone, Harry, I’ve got a lot of work to do!’ Ron had taken the lo  of hi  rat very hard indeed. ‘Come on, Ron, you were alway   aying how boring Scabber  wa ,’  aid Fred bracingly. ‘And he’  been off colour for age , he wa  wa ting away. It wa  probably better for him to  nuff it quickly. One  wallow – he probably didn’t feel a thing.’ ‘Fred!’  aid Ginny indignantly. ‘All he did wa  eat and  leep, Ron, you  aid it your elf,’  aid George. ‘He bit Goyle for u  once!’ Ron  aid mi erably. ‘Remember, Harry?’ ‘Yeah, that’  true,’  aid Harry. ‘Hi  fine t hour,’  aid Fred, unable to keep a  traight face. ‘Let the  car on Goyle’  finger  tand a  a la ting tribute to hi  memory. Oh, come on, Ron, get your elf down to Hog meade and buy a new rat. What’  the point of moaning?’ In a la t-ditch attempt to cheer Ron up, Harry per uaded him to come along to the Gryffindor team’  final practice before the Ravenclaw match,  o that he could have a go on the Firebolt after they’d fini hed. Thi  did  eem to take Ron’  mind off Scabber  for a moment (‘Brilliant! Can I try and  hoot a few goal  on it?’)  o they  et off for the Quidditch pitch together. Madam Hooch, who wa   till over eeing Gryffindor practice  to keep an eye on Harry wa  ju t a  impre ed with the Firebolt a  everyone el e had been. She took it in her hand  before take-off and gave them the benefit of her profe ional opinion. ‘Look at the balance on it! If the Nimbu   erie  ha  a fault, it’  a  light li t to the tail-end – you often find they develop a drag after a few year . They’ve updated the handle, too, a bit  limmer than the Clean weep , remind  me of the old Silver Arrow  – a pity they’ve  topped making them, I learned to fly on one, and a very fine old broom it wa  too …’ She continued in thi  vein for  ome time, until Wood  aid, ‘Er – Madam Hooch? I  it OK if Harry ha  the Firebolt back? Only we need to practi e …’ ‘Oh – right – here you are, then, Potter,’  aid Madam Hooch. ‘I’ll  it over here with Wea ley …’ She and Ron left the pitch to  it in the  tadium, and the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for hi  final in truction  for tomorrow’  match. ‘Harry, I’ve ju t found out who Ravenclaw are playing a  Seeker. It’  Cho Chang. She’  a fourth-year, and  he’  pretty good … I really hoped  he wouldn’t be fit,  he’  had  ome problem  with injurie  …’ Wood  cowled hi  di plea ure that Cho Chang had made a full recovery, then  aid, ‘On the other hand,  he ride  a Comet Two Sixty, which i  going to look like a joke next to the Firebolt.’ He gave Harry’  broom a look of fervent admiration, then  aid, ‘OK, everyone, let’  go –’ And at long la t, Harry mounted hi  Firebolt, and kicked off from the ground. It wa  better than he’d ever dreamed. The Firebolt turned with the lighte t touch; it  eemed to obey hi  thought  rather than hi  grip. It  ped acro  the pitch at  uch  peed that the  tadium turned into a green and grey blur; Harry turned it  o  harply that Alicia Spinnet  creamed, then he went into a perfectly controlled dive, bru hing the gra y pitch with hi  toe  before ri ing thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again – ‘Harry, I’m letting the Snitch out!’ Wood called. Harry turned and raced a Bludger toward  the goalpo t ; he out tripped it ea ily,  aw the Snitch dart out from behind Wood and within ten  econd  had caught it tightly in hi  hand. The team cheered madly. Harry let the Snitch go again, gave it a minute’  head  tart, then tore after it, weaving in and out of the other ; he  potted it lurking near Katie Bell’  knee, looped her ea ily, and caught it again. It wa  the be t practice ever; the team, in pired by the pre ence of the Firebolt in their mid t, performed their be t move  faultle ly, and by the time they hit the ground again, Wood didn’t have a  ingle critici m to make, which, a  George Wea ley pointed out, wa  a fir t. ‘I can’t  ee what’  going to  top u  tomorrow!’  aid Wood. ‘Not unle  – Harry, you’ve  orted your Dementor problem, haven’t you?’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Harry, thinking of hi  feeble Patronu  and wi hing it wa   tronger. ‘The Dementor  won’t turn up again, Oliver, Dumbledore’d do hi  nut,’  aid Fred confidently. ‘Well, let’  hope not,’  aid Wood. ‘Anyway – good work, everyone. Let’  get back to the Tower – turn in early …’ ‘I’m  taying out for a bit, Ron want  a go on the Firebolt,’ Harry told Wood, and while the re t of the team headed off to the changing room , Harry  trode over to Ron, who vaulted the barrier to the  tand  and came to meet him. Madam Hooch had fallen a leep in her  eat. ‘Here you go,’  aid Harry, handing Ron the Firebolt. Ron, an expre ion of ec ta y on hi  face, mounted the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkne  while Harry walked around the edge of the pitch, watching him. Night had fallen before Madam Hooch awoke with a  tart, told Harry and Ron off for not waking her, and in i ted that they go back to the ca tle. Harry  houldered the Firebolt and he and Ron walked out of the  hadowy  tadium, di cu ing the Firebolt’   uperbly  mooth action, it  phenomenal acceleration and it  pinpoint turning. They were halfway toward  the ca tle when Harry, glancing to hi  left,  aw  omething that made hi  heart turn over – a pair of eye , gleaming out of the darkne . Harry  topped dead, hi  heart banging again t hi  rib . ‘What’  the matter?’  aid Ron. Harry pointed. Ron pulled out hi  wand and muttered, ‘Lumo !’ A beam of light fell acro  the gra , hit the bottom of a tree and illuminated it  branche ; there, crouching among t the budding leave , wa  Crook hank . ‘Get out of it!’ Ron roared, and he  tooped down and  eized a  tone lying on the gra , but before he could do anything el e, Crook hank  had vani hed with one  wi h of hi  long ginger tail. ‘See?’ Ron  aid furiou ly, chucking the  tone down again. ‘She’   till letting him wander about wherever he want  – probably wa hing down Scabber  with a couple of bird  now …’ Harry didn’t  ay anything. He took a deep breath a  relief  eeped through him; he had been  ure for a moment that tho e eye  had belonged to the Grim. They  et off for the ca tle once more. Slightly a hamed of hi  moment of panic, Harry didn’t  ay anything to Ron – nor did he look left or right until they had reached the well lit Entrance Hall. * Harry went down to breakfa t next morning with the re t of the boy  in hi  dormitory, all of whom  eemed to think the Firebolt de erved a  ort of guard of honour. A  Harry entered the Great Hall, head  turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there wa  a good deal of excited muttering. Harry  aw, with enormou   ati faction, that the Slytherin team were all looking thunder truck. ‘Did you  ee hi  face?’  aid Ron gleefully, looking back at Malfoy. ‘He can’t believe it! Thi  i  brilliant!’ Wood, too, wa  ba king in the reflected glory of the Firebolt. ‘Put it here, Harry,’ he  aid, laying the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turning it  o that it  name faced upward . People from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table  were  oon coming over to look. Cedric Diggory came over to congratulate Harry on having acquired  uch a  uperb replacement for hi  Nimbu , and Percy’  Ravenclaw girlfriend, Penelope Clearwater, a ked if  he could actually hold the Firebolt. ‘Now, now, Penny, no  abotage!’  aid Percy heartily, a   he examined the Firebolt clo ely. ‘Penelope and I have got a bet on,’ he told the team. ‘Ten Galleon  on the outcome of the match!’ Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Harry and went back to her table. ‘Harry – make  ure you win,’  aid Percy, in an urgent whi per. ‘I haven’t got ten Galleon . Ye , I’m coming, Penny!’ And he bu tled off to join her in a piece of toa t. ‘Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?’  aid a cold, drawling voice. Draco Malfoy had arrived for a clo er look, Crabbe and Goyle right behind him. ‘Yeah, reckon  o,’  aid Harry ca ually. ‘Got plenty of  pecial feature , ha n’t it?’  aid Malfoy, eye  glittering maliciou ly. ‘Shame it doe n’t come with a parachute – in ca e you get too near a Dementor.’ Crabbe and Goyle  niggered. ‘Pity you can’t attach an extra arm to your , Malfoy,’  aid Harry. ‘Then it could catch the Snitch for you.’ The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Malfoy’  pale eye  narrowed, and he  talked away. They watched him rejoin the re t of the Slytherin team, who put their head  together, no doubt a king Malfoy whether Harry’  broom really wa  a Firebolt. At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team  et off for the changing room . The weather couldn’t have been more different from their match again t Hufflepuff. It wa  a clear, cool day, with a very light breeze; there would be no vi ibility problem  thi  time, and Harry, though nervou , wa   tarting to feel the excitement only a Quidditch match could bring. They could hear the re t of the  chool moving into the  tadium beyond. Harry took off hi  black  chool robe , removed hi  wand from hi  pocket, and  tuck it in ide the T- hirt he wa  going to wear under hi  Quidditch robe . He only hoped he wouldn’t need it. He wondered  uddenly whether Profe or Lupin wa  in the crowd, watching. ‘You know what we’ve got to do,’  aid Wood, a  they prepared to leave the changing room . ‘If we lo e thi  match, we’re out of the running. Ju t – ju t fly like you did in practice ye terday, and we’ll be OK!’ They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuou  applau e. The Ravenclaw team, dre ed in blue, were already  tanding in the middle of the pitch. Their Seeker, Cho Chang, wa  the only girl in their team. She wa   horter than Harry by about a head, and Harry couldn’t help noticing, nervou  a  he wa , that  he wa  extremely pretty. She  miled at Harry a  the team  faced each other behind their captain , and he felt a  light jolt in the region of hi   tomach that he didn’t think had anything to do with nerve . ‘Wood, Davie ,  hake hand ,’ Madam Hooch  aid bri kly, and Wood  hook hand  with the Ravenclaw captain. ‘Mount your broom  … on my whi tle … three – two – one –’ Harry kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed higher and fa ter than any other broom; he  oared around the  tadium and began  quinting around for the Snitch, li tening all the while to the commentary, which wa  being provided by the Wea ley twin ’ friend, Lee Jordan. ‘They’re off, and the big excitement thi  match i  the Firebolt which Harry Potter i  flying for Gryffindor. According to Which Broom tick, the Firebolt’  going to be the broom of choice for the national team  at thi  year’  World Champion hip –’ ‘Jordan, would you mind telling u  what’  going on in the match?’ interrupted Profe or McGonagall’  voice. ‘Right you are, Profe or – ju t giving a bit of background information. The Firebolt, incidentally, ha  a built-in auto-brake and –’ ‘Jordan!’ ‘OK, OK, Gryffindor in po e ion, Katie Bell of Gryffindor heading for goal …’ Harry  treaked pa t Katie in the oppo ite direction, gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Cho Chang wa  tailing him clo ely. She wa  undoubtedly a very good flier –  he kept cutting acro  him, forcing him to change direction. ‘Show her your acceleration, Harry!’ Fred yelled, a  he whoo hed pa t in pur uit of a Bludger that wa  aiming for Alicia. Harry urged the Firebolt forward a  they rounded the Ravenclaw goalpo t  and Cho fell behind. Ju t a  Katie  ucceeded in  coring the fir t goal of the match, and the Gryffindor end of the pitch went wild, he  aw it – the Snitch wa  clo e to the ground, flitting near one of the barrier . Harry dived; Cho  aw what he wa  doing and tore after him. Harry wa   peeding up, excitement flooding him; dive  were hi   peciality. He wa  ten feet away – Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beater , came pelting out of nowhere; Harry veered off cour e, avoiding it by an inch, and in tho e few, crucial  econd , the Snitch had vani hed. There wa  a great ‘Ooooooh’ of di appointment from the Gryffindor  upporter , but much applau e for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. George Wea ley vented hi  feeling  by hitting the  econd Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who wa  forced to roll right over in mid-air to avoid it. ‘Gryffindor lead by eighty point  to zero, and look at that Firebolt go! Potter’  really putting it through it  pace  now. See it turn – Chang’  Comet i  ju t no match for it. The Firebolt’  preci ion-balance i  really noticeable in the e long –’ ‘JORDAN! ARE YOU BEING PAID TO ADVERTISE FIREBOLTS? GET ON WITH THE COMMENTARY!’ Ravenclaw were pulling back; they had now  cored three goal , which put Gryffindor only fifty point  ahead – if Cho got the Snitch before him, Ravenclaw would win. Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Cha er,  canning the pitch frantically. A glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wing  – the Snitch wa  circling the Gryffindor goalpo t … Harry accelerated, eye  fixed on the  peck of gold ahead – but next  econd, Cho had appeared out of thin air, blocking him – ‘HARRY, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN!’ Wood roared, a  Harry  werved to avoid a colli ion. ‘KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO!’ Harry turned and caught  ight of Cho;  he wa  grinning. The Snitch had vani hed again. Harry turned hi  Firebolt upward  and wa   oon twenty feet above the game. Out of the corner of hi  eye, he  aw Cho following him …  he’d decided to mark him rather than  earch for the Snitch her elf. Right then … if  he wanted to tail him,  he’d have to take the con equence  … He dived again, and Cho, thinking he’d  een the Snitch, tried to follow. Harry pulled out of the dive very  harply,  he hurtled downward ; he ro e fa t a  a bullet once more, and then  aw it, for the third time: the Snitch wa  glittering way above the pitch at the Ravenclaw end. He accelerated;  o, many feet below, did Cho. He wa  winning, gaining on the Snitch with every  econd – then – ‘Oh!’  creamed Cho, pointing. Di tracted, Harry looked down. Three Dementor , three tall, black, hooded Dementor , were looking up at him. He didn’t  top to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of hi  robe , he whipped out hi  wand and roared, ‘Expecto patronum!’ Something  ilver white,  omething enormou , erupted from the end of hi  wand. He knew it had  hot directly at the Dementor  but didn’t pau e to watch; hi  mind  till miraculou ly clear, he looked ahead – he wa  nearly there. He  tretched out the hand  till gra ping hi  wand and ju t managed to clo e hi  finger  over the  mall,  truggling Snitch. Madam Hooch’  whi tle  ounded, Harry turned around in midair and  aw  ix  carlet blur  bearing down on him. Next moment, the whole team were hugging him  o hard he wa  nearly pulled off hi  broom. Down below he could hear the roar  of the Gryffindor  in the crowd. ‘That’  my boy!’ Wood kept yelling. Alicia, Angelina and Katie had all ki ed Harry, and Fred had him in a grip  o tight Harry felt a  though hi  head would come off. In complete di array, the team managed to make it  way back to the ground. Harry got off hi  broom and looked up to  ee a gaggle of Gryffindor  upporter   printing onto the pitch, Ron in the lead. Before he knew it, he had been engulfed by the cheering crowd. ‘Ye !’ Ron yelled, yanking Harry’  arm into the air. ‘Ye ! Ye !’ ‘Well done, Harry!’  aid Percy, looking delighted. ‘Ten Galleon  to me! Mu t find Penelope, excu e me –’ ‘Good on you, Harry!’ roared Seamu  Finnigan. ‘Ruddy brilliant!’ boomed Hagrid over the head  of the milling Gryffindor . ‘That wa  quite  ome Patronu ,’  aid a voice in Harry’  ear. Harry turned around to  ee Profe or Lupin, who looked both  haken and plea ed. ‘The Dementor  didn’t affect me at all!’ Harry  aid excitedly. ‘I didn’t feel a thing!’ ‘That would be becau e they – er – weren’t Dementor ,’  aid Profe or Lupin. ‘Come and  ee –’ He led Harry out of the crowd until they were able to  ee the edge of the pitch. ‘You gave Mr Malfoy quite a fright,’  aid Lupin. Harry  tared. Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground were Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle and Marcu  Flint, the Slytherin team captain, all  truggling to remove them elve  from long, black, hooded robe . It looked a  though Malfoy had been  tanding on Goyle’   houlder . Standing over them, with an expre ion of the utmo t fury on her face, wa  Profe or McGonagall. ‘An unworthy trick!’  he wa   houting. ‘A low and cowardly attempt to  abotage the Gryffindor Seeker! Detention for all of you, and fifty point  from Slytherin! I  hall be  peaking to Profe or Dumbledore about thi , make no mi take! Ah, here he come  now!’ If anything could have  et the  eal on Gryffindor’  victory, it wa  thi . Ron, who had fought hi  way through to Harry’   ide, doubled up with laughter a  they watched Malfoy fighting to extricate him elf from the robe, Goyle’  head  till  tuck in ide it. ‘Come on, Harry!’  aid George, fighting hi  way over. ‘Party! Gryffindor common room, now!’ ‘Right,’  aid Harry, and feeling happier than he had done in age , he and the re t of the team led the way,  till in their  carlet robe , out of the  tadium and back up to the ca tle. * It felt a  though they had already won the Quidditch Cup; the party went on all day and well into the night. Fred and George Wea ley di appeared for a couple of hour  and returned with armful  of bottle  of Butterbeer, pumpkin fizz and  everal bag  full of Honeyduke   weet . ‘How did you do that?’  quealed Angelina John on, a  George  tarted throwing Peppermint Toad  into the crowd. ‘With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong ,’ Fred muttered in Harry’  ear. Only one per on wa n’t joining in the fe tivitie . Hermione, incredibly, wa   itting in a corner, attempting to read an enormou  book entitled Home Life and Social Habit  of Briti h Muggle . Harry broke away from the table where Fred and George had  tarted juggling Butterbeer bottle , and went over to her. ‘Did you even come to the match?’ he a ked her. ‘Of cour e I did,’  aid Hermione, in a  trangely high-pitched voice, not looking up. ‘And I’m very glad we won, and I think you did really well, but I need to read thi  by Monday.’ ‘Come on, Hermione, come and have  ome food,’ Harry  aid, looking over at Ron and wondering whether he wa  in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet. ‘I can’t, Harry, I’ve  till got four hundred and twenty-two page  to read!’  aid Hermione, now  ounding  lightly hy terical. ‘Anyway …’ She glanced over at Ron, too, ‘he doe n’t want me to join in.’ There wa  no arguing with thi , a  Ron cho e that moment to  ay loudly, ‘If Scabber  hadn’t ju t been eaten, he could have had  ome of the e Fudge Flie , he u ed to really like them –’ Hermione bur t into tear . Before Harry could  ay or do anything,  he had tucked the enormou  book under her arm, and,  till  obbing, run toward  the  tairca e to the girl ’ dormitorie  and out of  ight. ‘Can’t you give her a break?’ Harry a ked Ron quietly. ‘No,’  aid Ron flatly. ‘If  he ju t acted like  he wa   orry – but  he’ll never admit  he’  wrong, Hermione. She’   till acting like Scabber  ha  gone on holiday or  omething.’ The Gryffindor party only ended when Profe or McGonagall turned up in her tartan dre ing gown and hair-net at one in the morning, to in i t that they all went to bed. Harry and Ron climbed the  tair  to their dormitory,  till di cu ing the match. At la t, exhau ted, Harry climbed into bed, twitched the hanging  of hi  four-po ter  hut to block out a ray of moonlight, lay back and felt him elf almo t in tantly drifting off to  leep … He had a very  trange dream. He wa  walking through a fore t, hi  Firebolt over hi   houlder, following  omething  ilvery white. It wa  winding it  way through the tree  ahead, and he could only catch glimp e  of it between the leave . Anxiou  to catch up with it, he  ped up, but a  he moved fa ter,  o did hi  quarry. Harry broke into a run and ahead, he heard hoove  gathering  peed. Now he wa  running flat out, and ahead he could hear galloping. Then he turned a corner into a clearing and – ‘AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGHHHHH! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!’ Harry woke a   uddenly a  though he’d been hit in the face. Di orientated in the total darkne , he fumbled with hi  hanging  – he could hear movement  around him, and Seamu  Finnigan’  voice from the other  ide of the room. ‘What’  going on?’ Harry thought he heard the dormitory door  lam. At la t finding the divide in hi  curtain , he ripped them back, and at the  ame moment, Dean Thoma  lit hi  lamp. Ron wa   itting up in bed, the hanging  torn from one  ide, a look of the utmo t terror on hi  face. ‘Black! Siriu  Black! With a knife!’ ‘What?’ ‘Here! Ju t now! Sla hed the curtain ! Woke me up!’ ‘You  ure you weren’t dreaming, Ron?’  aid Dean. ‘Look at the curtain ! I tell you, he wa  here!’ They all  crambled out of bed; Harry reached the dormitory door fir t, and they  printed back down the  tairca e. Door  opened behind them, and  leepy voice  called after them. ‘Who  houted?’ ‘What’re you doing?’ The common room wa  lit by the glow of the dying fire,  till littered with debri  from the party. It wa  de erted. ‘Are you  ure you weren’t dreaming, Ron?’ ‘I’m telling you, I  aw him!’ ‘What’  all the noi e?’ ‘Profe or McGonagall told u  to go to bed!’ A few of the girl  had come down their  tairca e, pulling on dre ing gown  and yawning. Boy , too, were reappearing. ‘Excellent, are we carrying on?’  aid Fred Wea ley brightly. ‘Everyone back up tair !’  aid Percy, hurrying into the common room and pinning hi  Head Boy badge to hi  pyjama  a  he  poke. ‘Perce – Siriu  Black!’  aid Ron faintly. ‘In our dormitory! With a knife! Woke me up!’ The common room went very  till. ‘Non en e!’  aid Percy, looking  tartled. ‘You had too much to eat, Ron – had a nightmare –’ ‘I’m telling you –’ ‘Now, really, enough’  enough!’ Profe or McGonagall wa  back. She  lammed the portrait behind her a   he entered the common room and  tared furiou ly around. ‘I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but thi  i  getting ridiculou ! Percy, I expected better of you!’ ‘I certainly didn’t authori e thi , Profe or!’  aid Percy, puffing him elf up indignantly. ‘I wa  ju t telling them all to get back to bed! My brother Ron here had a nightmare –’ ‘IT WASN’T A NIGHTMARE!’ Ron yelled. ‘PROFESSOR, I WOKE UP, AND SIRIUS BLACK WAS STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!’ Profe or McGonagall  tared at him. ‘Don’t be ridiculou , Wea ley, how could he po ibly have got through the portrait hole?’ ‘A k him!’  aid Ron, pointing a  haking finger at the back of Sir Cadogan’  picture. ‘A k him if he  aw –’ Glaring  u piciou ly at Ron, Profe or McGonagall pu hed the portrait back open and went out ide. The whole common room li tened with baited breath. ‘Sir Cadogan, did you ju t let a man enter Gryffindor Tower?’ ‘Certainly good lady!’ cried Sir Cadogan. There wa  a  tunned  ilence, both in ide and out ide the common room. ‘You – you did?’  aid Profe or McGonagall. ‘But – but the pa word!’ ‘He had ’em!’  aid Sir Cadogan proudly. ‘Had the whole week’ , my lady! Read ’em off a little piece of paper!’ Profe or McGonagall pulled her elf back through the portrait hole to face the  tunned crowd. She wa  white a  chalk. ‘Which per on,’  he  aid, her voice  haking, ‘which aby mally fooli h per on wrote down thi  week’  pa word  and left them lying around?’ There wa  utter  ilence, broken by the  malle t of terrified  queak . Neville Longbottom, trembling from head to fluffy- lippered toe , rai ed hi  hand  lowly into the air. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER FOURTEEN Snape’  Grudge No one in Gryffindor Tower  lept that night. They knew that the ca tle wa  being  earched again, and the whole hou e  tayed awake in the common room, waiting to hear whether Black had been caught. Profe or McGongall came back at dawn, to tell them that he had again e caped. Everywhere they went next day they  aw  ign  of tighter  ecurity; Profe or Flitwick could be  een teaching the front door  to recogni e a large picture of Siriu  Black; Filch wa   uddenly bu tling up and down the corridor , boarding up everything from tiny crack  in the wall  to mou e hole . Sir Cadogan had been  acked. Hi  portrait had been taken back to it  lonely landing on the  eventh floor, and the Fat Lady wa  back. She had been expertly re tored, but wa   till extremely nervou , and had only agreed to return to her job on condition that  he wa  given extra protection. A bunch of  urly  ecurity troll  had been hired to guard her. They paced the corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunt  and comparing the  ize of their club . Harry couldn’t help noticing that the  tatue of the one-eyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded and unblocked. It  eemed that Fred and George had been right in thinking that they – and now Harry, Ron and Hermione – were the only one  who knew about the hidden pa ageway within it. ‘D’you reckon we  hould tell  omeone?’ Harry a ked Ron. ‘We know he’  not coming in through Honeyduke ,’  aid Ron di mi ively. ‘We’d’ve heard if the  hop had been broken into.’ Harry wa  glad Ron took thi  view. If the one-eyed witch wa  boarded up too, he would never be able to go into Hog meade again. Ron had become an in tant celebrity. For the fir t time in hi  life, people were paying more attention to him than to Harry, and it wa  clear that Ron wa  rather enjoying the experience. Though  till  everely  haken by the night’  event , he wa  happy to tell anyone who a ked, what had happened, with a wealth of detail. ‘ wa  a leep, and I heard thi  ripping noi e, and I thought it wa  in my dream, you know? But then there wa  thi  draught … I woke up and one  ide of the hanging  on my bed had been pulled down … I rolled over … and I  aw him  tanding over me … like a  keleton, with load  of filthy hair … holding thi  great long knife, mu t’ve been twelve inche  … and he looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, and he  carpered. ‘Why, though?’ Ron added to Harry, a  the group of  econd-year girl  who had been li tening to hi  chilling tale departed. ‘Why did he  carper?’ Harry had been wondering the  ame thing. Why had Black, having got the wrong bed, not  ilenced Ron and proceeded to Harry? Black had proved twelve year  ago that he didn’t mind murdering innocent people, and thi  time he had been facing five unarmed boy , four of whom were a leep. ‘He mu t’ve known he’d have a job getting back out of the ca tle once you’d yelled and woken people up,’  aid Harry thoughtfully. ‘He’d’ve had to kill the whole hou e to get back through the portrait hole … then he would’ve met the teacher  …’ Neville wa  in total di grace. Profe or McGonagall wa   o furiou  with him  he had banned him from all future Hog meade vi it , given him a detention and forbidden anyone to give him the pa word into the Tower. Poor Neville wa  forced to wait out ide the common room every night for  omebody to let him in, while the  ecurity troll  leered unplea antly at him. None of the e puni hment , however, came clo e to matching the one hi  grandmother had in  tore for him. Two day  after Black’  break-in,  he  ent Neville the very wor t thing a Hogwart   tudent could receive over breakfa t – a Howler. The  chool owl   wooped into the Great Hall, carrying the po t a  u ual, and Neville choked a  a huge barn owl landed in front of him, a  carlet envelope clutched in it  beak. Harry and Ron, who were  itting oppo ite him, recogni ed the letter a  a Howler at once – Ron had got one from hi  mother the year before. ‘Run for it, Neville,’ Ron advi ed. Neville didn’t need telling twice. He  eized the envelope and, holding it before him like a bomb,  printed out of the Hall, while the Slytherin table exploded with laughter at the  ight of him. They heard the Howler go off in the Entrance Hall – Neville’  grandmother’  voice, magically magnified to a hundred time  it  u ual volume,  hrieking about how he had brought  hame on the whole family. Harry wa  too bu y feeling  orry for Neville to notice immediately that he had a letter, too. Hedwig got hi  attention by nipping him  harply on the wri t. ‘Ouch! Oh – thank , Hedwig …’ Harry tore open the envelope while Hedwig helped her elf to  ome of Neville’  cornflake . The note in ide  aid: Dear Harry and Ron, How about having tea with me thi  afternoon round  ix? I’ll come and collect you from the ca tle. WAIT FOR ME IN THE ENTRANCE HALL, YOU’RE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN. Cheer , Hagrid ‘He probably want  to hear all about Black!’  aid Ron. So at  ix o’clock that afternoon, Harry and Ron left Gryffindor Tower, pa ed the  ecurity troll  at a run, and headed down to the Entrance Hall. Hagrid wa  already waiting for them. ‘All right, Hagrid!’  aid Ron. ‘S’po e you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?’ ‘I’ve already heard all abou’ it,’  aid Hagrid, opening the front door  and leading them out ide. ‘Oh,’  aid Ron, looking  lightly put out. The fir t thing they  aw on entering Hagrid’  cabin wa  Buckbeak, who wa   tretched out on top of Hagrid’  patchwork quilt, hi  enormou  wing  folded tight to hi  body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferret . Averting hi  eye  from thi  unplea ant  ight, Harry  aw a gigantic, hairy brown  uit and a very horrible yellow and orange tie hanging from the top of Hagrid’  wardrobe door. ‘What are they for, Hagrid?’  aid Harry. ‘Buckbeak’  ca e again t the Committee fer the Di po al o’ Dangerou  Creature ,’  aid Hagrid. ‘Thi  Friday. Him an’ me’ll be goin’ down ter London together. I’ve booked two bed  on the Knight Bu  …’ Harry felt a na ty pang of guilt. He had completely forgotten that Buckbeak’  trial wa   o near, and judging by the unea y look on Ron’  face, he had, too. They had al o forgotten their promi e about helping him prepare Buckbeak’  defence; the arrival of the Firebolt had driven it clean out of their mind . Hagrid poured them tea and offered them a plate of Bath bun , but they knew better than to accept; they had had too much experience of Hagrid’  cooking. ‘I got  omethin’ ter di cu  with you two,’  aid Hagrid,  itting him elf between them and looking uncharacteri tically  eriou . ‘What?’  aid Harry. ‘Hermione,’  aid Hagrid. ‘What about her?’  aid Ron. ‘She’  in a righ’  tate, that’  what. She’  bin comin’ down ter vi it me a lot  ince Chri ’ma . Bin feelin’ lonely. Fir ’ yeh weren’ talking to her becau e o’ the Firebolt, now yer not talkin’ to her becau e her cat –’ ‘– ate Scabber !’ Ron interjected angrily. ‘Becau e her cat acted like all cat  do,’ Hagrid continued doggedly. ‘She’  cried a fair few time , yeh know. Goin’ through a rough time at the moment. Bitten off more’n  he can chew, if yeh a k me, all the work  he’  tryin’ ter do. Still found time ter help me with Buckbeak’  ca e, mind …  he’  found  ome really good  tuff fer me … reckon he’ll  tand a good chance now …’ ‘Hagrid, we  hould’ve helped a  well –  orry –’ Harry began awkwardly. ‘I’m not blamin’ yeh!’  aid Hagrid, waving Harry’  apology a ide. ‘Gawd know  yeh’ve had enough ter be gettin’ on with, I’ve  een yeh practi in’ Quidditch ev’ry hour o’ the day an’ night – but I gotta tell yeh, I thought you two’d value yer friend more’n broom tick  or rat . Tha’  all.’ Harry and Ron exchanged uncomfortable look . ‘Really up et,  he wa , when Black nearly  tabbed yeh, Ron. She’  got her heart in the right place, Hermione ha , an’ you two not talkin’ to her –’ ‘If  he’d ju t get rid of that cat, I’d  peak to her again!’ Ron  aid angrily, ‘but  he’   till  ticking up for it! It’  a maniac, and  he won’t hear a word again t it!’ ‘Ah, well, people can be a bit  tupid abou’ their pet ,’  aid Hagrid wi ely. Behind him, Buckbeak  pat a few ferret bone  onto Hagrid’  pillow. They  pent the re t of their vi it di cu ing Gryffindor’  improved chance  for the Quidditch Cup. At nine o’clock, Hagrid walked them back up to the ca tle. A large group of people wa  bunched around the notice-board when they returned to the common room. ‘Hog meade, next weekend!’  aid Ron, craning over the head  to read the new notice. ‘What d’you reckon?’ he added quietly to Harry, a  they went to  it down. ‘Well, Filch ha n’t done anything about the pa age into Honeyduke  …’ Harry  aid, even more quietly. ‘Harry!’  aid a voice in hi  right ear. Harry  tarted and looked around at Hermione, who wa   itting at the table right behind them and clearing a  pace in the wall of book  that had been hiding her. ‘Harry if you go into Hog meade again … I’ll tell Profe or McGonagall about that map!’  aid Hermione. ‘Can you hear  omeone talking, Harry?’ growled Ron, not looking at Hermione. ‘Ron, how can you let him go with you? After what Siriu  Black nearly did to you! I mean it, I’ll tell –’ ‘So now you’re trying to get Harry expelled!’  aid Ron furiou ly. ‘Haven’t you done enough damage thi  year?’ Hermione opened her mouth to re pond, but with a  oft hi , Crook hank  leapt onto her lap. Hermione took one frightened look at the expre ion on Ron’  face, gathered Crook hank  up and hurried away toward  the girl ’ dormitorie . ‘So how about it?’ Ron  aid to Harry, a  though there had been no interruption. ‘Come on, la t time we went you didn’t  ee anything. You haven’t even been in ide Zonko’  yet!’ Harry looked around to check that Hermione wa  well out of ear hot. ‘OK,’ he  aid. ‘But I’m taking the Invi ibility Cloak thi  time.’ * On Saturday morning, Harry packed hi  Invi ibility Cloak in hi  bag,  lipped the Marauder’  Map into hi  pocket and went down to breakfa t with everyone el e. Hermione kept  hooting  u piciou  look  down the table at him, but he avoided her eye, and wa  careful to let her  ee him walking back up the marble  tairca e in the Entrance Hall a  everybody el e proceeded to the front door . ‘Bye!’ Harry called to Ron. ‘See you when you get back!’ Ron grinned and winked. Harry hurried up to the third floor,  lipping the Marauder’  Map out of hi  pocket a  he went. Crouching behind the one-eyed witch, he  moothed it out. A tiny dot wa  moving in hi  direction. Harry  quinted at it. The minu cule writing next to it read ‘Neville Longbottom’. Harry quickly pulled out hi  wand, muttered ‘Di endium!’ and  hoved hi  bag into the  tatue, but before he could climb in him elf, Neville came around the corner. ‘Harry! I forgot you weren’t going to Hog meade either!’ ‘Hi, Neville,’  aid Harry, moving  wiftly away from the  tatue and pu hing the map back into hi  pocket. ‘What are you up to?’ ‘Nothing,’  hrugged Neville. ‘Want a game of Exploding Snap?’ ‘Er – not now – I wa  going to go to the library and do that vampire e ay for Lupin –’ ‘I’ll come with you!’  aid Neville brightly. ‘I haven’t done it either!’ ‘Er – hang on – yeah, I forgot, I fini hed it la t night!’ ‘Brilliant, you can help me!’  aid Neville, hi  round face anxiou . ‘I don’t under tand that thing about the garlic at all – do they have to eat it, or –’ Neville broke off with a  mall ga p, looking over Harry’   houlder. It wa  Snape. Neville took a quick  tep behind Harry. ‘And what are you two doing here?’  aid Snape, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. ‘An odd place to meet –’ To Harry’  immen e di quiet, Snape’  black eye  flicked to the doorway  on either  ide of them, and then to the one-eyed witch. ‘We’re not – meeting here,’  aid Harry. ‘We ju t – met here.’ ‘Indeed?’  aid Snape. ‘You have a habit of turning up in unexpected place , Potter, and you are rarely there for no rea on … I  ugge t the pair of you return to Gryffindor Tower where you belong.’ Harry and Neville  et off without another word. A  they turned the corner, Harry looked back. Snape wa  running one of hi  hand  over the one-eyed witch’  head, examining it clo ely. Harry managed to  hake Neville off at the Fat Lady by telling him the pa word then pretending he’d left hi  vampire e ay in the library and doubling back. Once out of  ight of the  ecurity troll , he pulled out the map again and held it clo e to hi  no e. The third-floor corridor  eemed to be de erted. Harry  canned the map carefully and  aw, with a leap of relief, that the tiny dot labelled ‘Severu  Snape’ wa  now back in it  office. He  printed back to the one-eyed witch, opened her hump, heaved him elf in ide and  lid down to meet hi  bag at the bottom of the  tone chute. He wiped the Marauder’  Map blank again, then  et off at a run. * Harry, completely hidden beneath the Invi ibility Cloak, emerged into the  unlight out ide Honeyduke  and prodded Ron in the back. ‘It’  me,’ he muttered. ‘What kept you?’ Ron hi ed. ‘Snape wa  hanging around …’ They  et off up the High Street. ‘Where are you?’ Ron kept muttering out of the corner of hi  mouth. ‘Are you  till there? Thi  feel  weird …’ They went to the Po t Office; Ron pretended to be checking the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt  o that Harry could have a good look around. The owl   at hooting  oftly down at him, at lea t three hundred of them; from Great Grey  right down to tiny little Scop  owl  (‘Local Deliverie  Only’) which were  o  mall they could have  at in the palm of Harry’  hand. Then they vi ited Zonko’ , which wa   o packed with  tudent  Harry had to exerci e great care not to tread on anyone and cau e a panic. There were joke  and trick  to fulfil even Fred and George’  wilde t dream ; Harry gave Ron whi pered order  and pa ed him  ome gold from under the Cloak. They left Zonko’  with their money bag  con iderably lighter than they had been on entering, but their pocket  bulging with Dungbomb , Hiccough Sweet , Frog Spawn Soap and a No e-Biting Teacup apiece. The day wa  fine and breezy, and neither of them felt like  taying indoor ,  o they walked pa t the Three Broom tick  and climbed a  lope to vi it the Shrieking Shack, the mo t haunted dwelling in Britain. It  tood a little way above the re t of the village, and even in daylight wa   lightly creepy, with it  boarded window  and dank overgrown garden. ‘Even the Hogwart  gho t  avoid it,’  aid Ron, a  they leaned on the fence, looking up at it. ‘I a ked Nearly Headle  Nick … he  ay  he’  heard a very rough crowd live here. No one can get in. Fred and George tried, obviou ly, but all the entrance  are  ealed  hut …’ Harry, feeling hot from their climb, wa  ju t con idering taking off the Cloak for a few minute , when they heard voice  nearby. Someone wa  climbing toward  the hou e from the other  ide of the hill; moment  later, Malfoy had appeared, followed clo ely by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy wa   peaking. ‘…  hould have an owl from Father any time now. He had to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm … about how I couldn’t u e it for three month  …’ Crabbe and Goyle  niggered. ‘I really wi h I could hear that great hairy moron trying to defend him elf … ‘There’  no ’arm in ’im , ’one t –’ … that Hippogriff’  a  good a  dead –’ Malfoy  uddenly caught  ight of Ron. Hi  pale face  plit in a malevolent grin. ‘What are you doing, Wea ley?’ Malfoy looked up at the crumbling hou e behind Ron. ‘Suppo e you’d love to live here, wouldn’t you, Wea ley? Dreaming about having your own bedroom? I heard your family all  leep in one room – i  that true?’ Harry  eized the back of Ron’  robe  to  top him leaping on Malfoy. ‘Leave him to me,’ he hi ed in Ron’  ear. The opportunity wa  too perfect to mi . Harry crept  ilently around behind Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, bent down and  cooped a large handful of mud out of the path. ‘We were ju t di cu ing your friend Hagrid,’ Malfoy  aid to Ron. ‘Ju t trying to imagine what he’   aying to the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature . D’you think he’ll cry when they cut off hi  Hippogriff’  –’ SPLAT! Malfoy’  head jerked forward  a  the mud hit him; hi   ilver-blond hair wa   uddenly dripping in muck. ‘What the –?’ Ron had to hold onto the fence to keep him elf  tanding, he wa  laughing  o hard. Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle  pun  tupidly on the  pot,  taring wildly around, Malfoy trying to wipe hi  hair clean. ‘What wa  that? Who did that?’ ‘Very haunted up here, i n’t it?’  aid Ron, with the air of one commenting on the weather. Crabbe and Goyle were looking  cared. Their bulging mu cle  were no u e again t gho t . Malfoy wa   taring madly around at the de erted land cape. Harry  neaked along the path, where a particularly  loppy puddle yielded  ome foul- melling, green  ludge. SPLATTER! Crabbe and Goyle caught  ome thi  time. Goyle hopped furiou ly on the  pot, trying to rub it out of hi   mall, dull eye . ‘It came from over there!’  aid Malfoy, wiping hi  face, and  taring at a  pot  ome  ix feet to the left of Harry. Crabbe blundered forward , hi  long arm  out tretched like a zombie. Harry dodged around him, picked up a  tick, and lobbed it at Crabbe’  back. Harry doubled up with  ilent laughter a  Crabbe did a kind of pirouette in mid-air, trying to  ee who had thrown it. A  Ron wa  the only per on Crabbe could  ee, it wa  Ron he  tarted toward , but Harry  tuck out hi  leg. Crabbe  tumbled – and hi  huge, flat foot caught the hem of Harry’  Cloak. Harry felt a great tug, then the Cloak  lid off hi  face. For a  plit  econd, Malfoy  tared at him. ‘AAARGH!’ he yelled, pointing at Harry’  head. Then he turned tail and ran, at breakneck  peed, back down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind him. Harry tugged the Cloak up again, but the damage wa  done. ‘Harry!’ Ron  aid,  tumbling forward and  taring hopele ly at the point where Harry had di appeared, ‘you’d better run for it! If Malfoy tell  anyone – you’d better get back to the ca tle, quick –’ ‘See you later,’  aid Harry, and without another word, he tore back down the path toward  Hog meade. Would Malfoy believe what he had  een? Would anyone believe Malfoy? Nobody knew about the Invi ibility Cloak – nobody except Dumbledore. Harry’   tomach turned over – Dumbledore would know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy  aid anything – Back into Honeyduke , back down the cellar  tep , acro  the  tone floor, through the trapdoor – Harry pulled off the Cloak, tucked it under hi  arm, and ran, flat out, along the pa age … Malfoy would get back fir t … how long would it take him to find a teacher? Panting, a  harp pain in hi   ide, Harry didn’t  low down until he reached the  tone  lide. He would have to leave the Cloak where it wa , it wa  too much of a giveaway if Malfoy had tipped off a teacher. He hid it in a  hadowy corner, then  tarted to climb, fa t a  he could, hi   weaty hand   lipping on the  ide  of the chute. He reached the in ide of the witch’  hump, tapped it with hi  wand,  tuck hi  head through and hoi ted him elf out; the hump clo ed, and ju t a  Harry jumped out from behind the  tatue, he heard quick foot tep  approaching. It wa  Snape. He approached Harry at a  wift walk, hi  black robe   wi hing, then  topped in front of him. ‘So,’ he  aid. There wa  a look of  uppre ed triumph about him. Harry tried to look innocent, all too aware of hi   weaty face and hi  muddy hand , which he quickly hid in hi  pocket . ‘Come with me, Potter,’  aid Snape. Harry followed him down tair , trying to wipe hi  hand  clean on the in ide of hi  robe  without Snape noticing. They walked down the  tair  to the dungeon  and then into Snape’  office. Harry had only been in here once before, and he had been in very  eriou  trouble then, too. Snape had aquired a few more horrible  limy thing  in jar   ince la t time, all  tanding on  helve  behind hi  de k, glinting in the firelight and adding to the threatening atmo phere. ‘Sit,’  aid Snape. Harry  at. Snape, however, remained  tanding. ‘Mr Malfoy ha  ju t been to  ee me with a  trange  tory, Potter,’  aid Snape. Harry didn’t  ay anything. ‘He tell  me that he wa  up by the Shrieking Shack when he ran into Wea ley – apparently alone.’ Still, Harry didn’t  peak. ‘Mr Malfoy  tate  that he wa   tanding talking to Wea ley, when a large amount of mud hit him in the back of the head. How do you think that could have happened?’ Harry tried to look mildly  urpri ed. ‘I don’t know, Profe or.’ Snape’  eye  were boring into Harry’ . It wa  exactly like trying to  tare out a Hippogriff. Harry tried hard not to blink. ‘Mr Malfoy then  aw an extraordinary apparition. Can you imagine what it might have been, Potter?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry, now trying to  ound innocently curiou . ‘It wa  your head, Potter. Floating in mid-air.’ There wa  a long  ilence. ‘Maybe he’d better go to Madam Pomfrey,’  aid Harry. ‘If he’   eeing thing  like –’ ‘What would your head have been doing in Hog meade, Potter?’  aid Snape  oftly. ‘Your head i  not allowed in Hog meade. No part of your body ha  permi ion to be in Hog meade.’ ‘I know that,’  aid Harry,  triving to keep hi  face free of guilt or fear. ‘It  ound  like Malfoy’  having hallucin–’ ‘Malfoy i  not having hallucination ,’  narled Snape, and he bent down, a hand on each arm of Harry’  chair,  o that their face  were a foot apart. ‘If your head wa  in Hog meade,  o wa  the re t of you.’ ‘I’ve been up in Gryffindor Tower,’  aid Harry. ‘Like you told –’ ‘Can anyone confirm that?’ Harry didn’t  ay anything. Snape’  thin mouth curled into a horrible  mile. ‘So,’ he  aid,  traightening up again. ‘Everyone from the Mini ter for Magic downward  ha  been trying to keep famou  Harry Potter  afe from Siriu  Black. But famou  Harry Potter i  a law unto him elf. Let the ordinary people worry about hi   afety! Famou  Harry Potter goe  where he want  to, with no thought for the con equence .’ Harry  tayed  ilent. Snape wa  trying to provoke him into telling the truth. He wa n’t going to do it. Snape had no proof – yet. ‘How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter,’ Snape  aid  uddenly, hi  eye  glinting. ‘He, too, wa  exceedingly arrogant. A  mall amount of talent on the Quidditch pitch made him think he wa  a cut above the re t of u , too. Strutting around the place with hi  friend  and admirer  … the re emblance between you i  uncanny.’ ‘My dad didn’t  trut,’  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf. ‘And nor do I.’ ‘Your father didn’t  et much  tore by rule , either,’ Snape went on, pre ing hi  advantage, hi  thin face full of malice. ‘Rule  were for le er mortal , not Quidditch Cup-winner . Hi  head wa   o  wollen –’ ‘SHUT UP!’ Harry wa   uddenly on hi  feet. Rage  uch a  he had not felt  ince hi  la t night in Privet Drive wa  thundering through him. He didn’t care that Snape’  face had gone rigid, the black eye  fla hing dangerou ly. ‘What did you  ay to me, Potter?’ ‘I told you to  hut up about my dad!’ Harry yelled. ‘I know the truth, all right? He  aved your life! Dumbledore told me! You wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for my dad!’ Snape’   allow  kin had gone the colour of  our milk. ‘And did the Headma ter tell you the circum tance  in which your father  aved my life?’ he whi pered. ‘Or did he con ider the detail  too unplea ant for preciou  Potter’  delicate ear ?’ Harry bit hi  lip. He didn’t know what had happened and didn’t want to admit it – but Snape  eemed to have gue ed the truth. ‘I would hate you to run away with a fal e idea of your father, Potter,’ he  aid, a terrible grin twi ting hi  face. ‘Have you been imagining  ome act of gloriou  heroi m? Then let me correct you – your  aintly father and hi  friend  played a highly amu ing joke on me that would have re ulted in my death if your father hadn’t got cold feet at the la t moment. There wa  nothing brave about what he did. He wa   aving hi  own  kin a  much a  mine. Had their joke  ucceeded, he would have been expelled from Hogwart .’ Snape’  uneven, yellowi h teeth were bared. ‘Turn out your pocket , Potter!’ he  pat  uddenly. Harry didn’t move. There wa  a pounding in hi  ear . ‘Turn out your pocket , or we go  traight to the Headma ter! Pull them out, Potter!’ Cold with dread, Harry  lowly pulled out the bag of Zonko’  trick  and the Marauder’  Map. Snape picked up the Zonko’  bag. ‘Ron gave them to me,’  aid Harry, praying he’d get a chance to tip Ron off before Snape  aw him. ‘He – brought them back from Hog meade la t time –’ ‘Indeed? And you’ve been carrying them round ever  ince? How very touching … and what i  thi ?’ Snape had picked up the map. Harry tried with all hi  might to keep hi  face impa ive. ‘Spare bit of parchment,’ he  hrugged. Snape turned it over, hi  eye  on Harry. ‘Surely you don’t need  uch a very old piece of parchment?’ he  aid. ‘Why don’t I ju t – throw thi  away?’ Hi  hand moved toward  the fire. ‘No!’ Harry  aid quickly. ‘So!’  aid Snape, hi  long no tril  quivering. ‘I  thi  another trea ured gift from Mr Wea ley? Or i  it –  omething el e? A letter, perhap , written in invi ible ink? Or – in truction  to get into Hog meade without pa ing the Dementor ?’ Harry blinked. Snape’  eye  gleamed. ‘Let me  ee, let me  ee …’ he muttered, taking out hi  wand and  moothing the map out on hi  de k. ‘Reveal your  ecret!’ he  aid, touching the wand to the parchment. Nothing happened. Harry clenched hi  hand  to  top them  haking. ‘Show your elf!’ Snape  aid, tapping the map  harply. It  tayed blank. Harry wa  taking deep, calming breath . ‘Profe or Severu  Snape, ma ter of thi   chool, command  you to yield the information you conceal!’ Snape  aid, hitting the map with hi  wand. A  though an invi ible hand wa  writing upon it, word  appeared on the  mooth  urface of the map. ‘Mr Moony pre ent  hi  compliment  to Profe or Snape, and beg  him to keep hi  abnormally large no e out of other people’  bu ine .’ Snape froze. Harry  tared, dumb truck, at the me age. But the map didn’t  top there. More writing wa  appearing beneath the fir t. ‘Mr Prong  agree  with Mr Moony, and would like to add that Profe or Snape i  an ugly git.’ It would have been very funny if the  ituation hadn’t been  o  eriou . And there wa  more … ‘Mr Padfoot would like to regi ter hi  a toni hment that an idiot like that ever became a Profe or.’ Harry clo ed hi  eye  in horror. When he’d opened them, the map had had it  la t word. ‘Mr Wormtail bid  Profe or Snape good day, and advi e  him to wa h hi  hair, the  limeball.’ Harry waited for the blow to fall. ‘So …’  aid Snape  oftly. ‘We’ll  ee about thi  …’ He  trode acro  to hi  fire,  eized a fi tful of glittering powder from a jar on the fireplace, and threw it into the flame . ‘Lupin!’ Snape called into the fire. ‘I want a word!’ Utterly bewildered, Harry  tared at the fire. A large  hape had appeared in it, revolving very fa t. Second  later, Profe or Lupin wa  clambering out of the fireplace, bru hing a h off hi   habby robe . ‘You called, Severu ?’  aid Lupin mildly. ‘I certainly did,’  aid Snape, hi  face contorted with fury a  he  trode back to hi  de k. ‘I have ju t a ked Potter to empty hi  pocket . He wa  carrying thi .’ Snape pointed at the parchment, on which the word  of Me r  Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong  were  till  hining. An odd, clo ed expre ion appeared on Lupin’  face. ‘Well?’  aid Snape. Lupin continued to  tare at the map. Harry had the impre ion that Lupin wa  doing  ome very quick thinking. ‘Well?’  aid Snape again. ‘Thi  parchment i  plainly full of Dark Magic. Thi  i   uppo ed to be your area of experti e, Lupin. Where do you imagine Potter got  uch a thing?’ Lupin looked up and, by the mere t half-glance in Harry’  direction, warned him not to interrupt. ‘Full of Dark Magic?’ he repeated mildly. ‘Do you really think  o, Severu ? It look  to me a  though it i  merely a piece of parchment that in ult  anybody who trie  to read it. Childi h, but  urely not dangerou ? I imagine Harry got it from a joke- hop –’ ‘Indeed?’  aid Snape. Hi  jaw had gone rigid with anger. ‘You think a joke- hop could  upply him with  uch a thing? You don’t think it more likely that he got it directly from the manufacturer ?’ Harry didn’t under tand what Snape wa  talking about. Nor, apparently, did Lupin. ‘You mean, from Mr Wormtail or one of the e people?’ he  aid. ‘Harry, do you know any of the e men?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘You  ee, Severu ?’  aid Lupin, turning back to Snape. ‘It look  like a Zonko product to me –’ Right on cue, Ron came bur ting into the office. He wa  completely out of breath, and  topped ju t  hort of Snape’  de k, clutching the  titch in hi  che t and trying to  peak. ‘I – gave – Harry – that –  tuff,’ he choked. ‘Bought – it – in Zonko  – age  – ago …’ ‘Well!’  aid Lupin, clapping hi  hand  together and looking around cheerfully. ‘That  eem  to clear that up! Severu , I’ll take thi  back,  hall I?’ He folded the map and tucked it in ide hi  robe . ‘Harry, Ron, come with me, I need a word about my vampire e ay. Excu e u , Severu .’ Harry didn’t dare look at Snape a  they left hi  office. He, Ron and Lupin walked all the way back into the Entrance Hall before  peaking. Then Harry turned to Lupin. ‘Profe or, I –’ ‘I don’t want to hear explanation ,’  aid Lupin  hortly. He glanced around the empty Entrance Hall and lowered hi  voice. ‘I happen to know that thi  map wa  confi cated by Mr Filch many year  ago. Ye , I know it’  a map,’ he  aid, a  Harry and Ron looked amazed. ‘I don’t want to know how it fell into your po e ion. I am, however, a tounded that you didn’t hand it in. Particularly after what happened the la t time a  tudent left information about the ca tle lying around. And I can’t let you have it back, Harry’ Harry had expected that, and wa  too keen for explanation  to prote t. ‘Why did Snape think I’d got it from the manufacturer ?’ ‘Becau e …’ Lupin he itated, ‘becau e the e mapmaker  would have wanted to lure you out of  chool. They’d think it extremely entertaining.’ ‘Do you know them?’  aid Harry, impre ed. ‘We’ve met,’ he  aid  hortly. He wa  looking at Harry more  eriou ly than ever before. ‘Don’t expect me to cover up for you again, Harry. I cannot make you take Siriu  Black  eriou ly. But I would have thought that what you have heard when the Dementor  draw near you would have had more of an effect on you. Your parent  gave their live  to keep you alive, Harry. A poor way to repay them – gambling their  acrifice for a bag of magic trick .’ He walked away, leaving Harry feeling wor e by far than he had at any point in Snape’  office. Slowly, he and Ron mounted the marble  tairca e. A  Harry pa ed the one-eyed witch, he remembered the Invi ibility Cloak – it wa   till down there, but he didn’t dare go and get it. ‘It’  my fault,’  aid Ron abruptly. ‘I per uaded you to go. Lupin’  right, it wa   tupid, we  houldn’t’ve done it –’ He broke off; they had reached the corridor where the  ecurity troll  were pacing, and Hermione wa  walking toward  them. One look at her face convinced Harry that  he had heard what had happened. Hi  heart plummeted – had  he told Profe or McGonagall? ‘Come to have a good gloat?’  aid Ron  avagely, a   he  topped in front of them. ‘Or have you ju t been to tell on u ?’ ‘No,’  aid Hermione. She wa  holding a letter in her hand  and her lip wa  trembling. ‘I ju t thought you ought to know … Hagrid lo t hi  ca e. Buckbeak i  going to be executed.’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER FIFTEEN The Quidditch Final ‘He – he  ent me thi ,’ Hermione  aid, holding out the letter. Harry took it. The parchment wa  damp, and enormou  teardrop  had  mudged the ink  o badly in place  that it wa  very difficult to read. Dear Hermione, We lo t. I’m allowed to bring him back to Hogwart . Execution date to be fixed. Beaky ha  enjoyed London. I won’t forget all the help you gave u . Hagrid ‘They can’t do thi ,’  aid Harry. ‘They can’t. Buckbeak i n’t dangerou .’ ‘Malfoy’  dad’  frightened the Committee into it,’  aid Hermione, wiping her eye . ‘You know what he’  like. They’re a bunch of doddery old fool , and they were  cared. There’ll be an appeal, though, there alway  i . Only I can’t  ee any hope … nothing will have changed.’ ‘Yeah, it will,’  aid Ron fiercely. ‘You won’t have to do all the work alone thi  time, Hermione. I’ll help.’ ‘Oh, Ron!’ Hermione flung her arm  around Ron’  neck and broke down completely. Ron, looking quite terrified, patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. Finally, Hermione drew away. ‘Ron, I’m really, really  orry about Scabber  …’  he  obbed. ‘Oh – well – he wa  old,’  aid Ron, looking thoroughly relieved that  he had let go of him. ‘And he wa  a bit u ele . You never know, Mum and Dad might get me an owl now.’ The  afety mea ure  impo ed on the  tudent   ince Black’   econd break-in made it impo ible for Harry, Ron and Hermione to go and vi it Hagrid in the evening . Their only chance of talking to him wa  during Care of Magical Creature  le on . He  eemed numb with  hock at the verdict. ‘’S’all my fault. Got all tongue-tied. They wa  all  ittin’ there in black robe  an’ I kep’ droppin’ me note  and forgettin’ all them date  yeh looked up fer me, Hermione. An’ then Luciu  Malfoy  tood up an’  aid hi  bit, and the Committee ju ’ did exac’ly what he told’em …’ ‘There’   till the appeal!’  aid Ron fiercely. ‘Don’t give up yet, we’re working on it!’ They were walking back up to the ca tle with the re t of the cla . Ahead they could  ee Malfoy, who wa  walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking back, laughing deri ively. ‘’S’no good, Ron,’  aid Hagrid  adly a  they reached the ca tle  tep . ‘That Committee’  in Luciu  Malfoy’  pocket. I’m ju ’ gonna make  ure the re t o’ Beaky’  time i  the happie t he’  ever had. I owe him that …’ Hagrid turned round and hurried back toward  hi  cabin, hi  face buried in hi  handkerchief. ‘Look at him blubber!’ Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had been  tanding ju t in ide the ca tle door , li tening. ‘Have you ever  een anything quite a  pathetic?’  aid Malfoy. ‘And he’   uppo ed to be our teacher!’ Harry and Ron both made furiou  move  toward  Malfoy, but Hermione got there fir t – SMACK! She had  lapped Malfoy around the face with all the  trength  he could mu ter. Malfoy  taggered. Harry, Ron, Crabbe and Goyle  tood flabberga ted a  Hermione rai ed her hand again. ‘Don’t you dare call Hagrid pathetic, you foul – you evil –’ ‘Hermione!’  aid Ron weakly, and he tried to grab her hand a   he  wung it back. ‘Get off, Ron!’ Hermione pulled out her wand. Malfoy  tepped backward . Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for in truction , thoroughly bewildered. ‘C’mon,’ Malfoy muttered, and next moment, all three of them had di appeared into the pa ageway to the dungeon . ‘Hermione!’ Ron  aid again,  ounding both  tunned and impre ed. ‘Harry, you’d better beat him in the Quidditch Final!’ Hermione  aid  hrilly. ‘You ju t better had, becau e I can’t  tand it if Slytherin win!’ ‘We’re due in Charm ,’  aid Ron,  till goggling at Hermione. ‘We’d better go.’ They hurried up the marble  tairca e toward  Profe or Flitwick’  cla room. ‘You’re late, boy !’  aid Profe or Flitwick reprovingly, a  Harry opened the cla room door. ‘Come along, quickly, wand  out, we’re experimenting with Cheering Charm  today. We’ve already divided into pair  –’ Harry and Ron hurried to a de k at the back and opened their bag . Ron looked behind him. ‘Where’  Hermione gone?’ Harry looked around, too. Hermione hadn’t entered the cla room, yet Harry knew  he had been right next to him when he had opened the door. ‘That’  weird,’  aid Harry,  taring at Ron. ‘Maybe – maybe  he went to the bathroom or  omething?’ But Hermione didn’t turn up all le on. ‘She could’ve done with a Cheering Charm on her, too,’  aid Ron, a  the cla  left for lunch, all grinning broadly – the Cheering Charm  had left them with a feeling of great contentment. Hermione wa n’t at lunch either. By the time they had fini hed their apple pie, the after-effect  of the Cheering Charm  were wearing off, and Harry and Ron had  tarted to get  lightly worried. ‘You don’t think Malfoy did  omething to her?’ Ron  aid anxiou ly, a  they hurried up tair  toward  Gryffindor Tower. They pa ed the  ecurity troll , gave the Fat Lady the pa word (‘Flibbertigibbet’) and  crambled through the portrait hole into the common room. Hermione wa   itting at a table, fa t a leep, her head re ting on an open Arithmancy book. They went to  it down either  ide of her. Harry prodded her awake. ‘Wh-what?’  aid Hermione, waking with a  tart, and  taring wildly around. ‘I  it time to go? W-which le on have we got now?’ ‘Divination, but it’  not for another twenty minute ,’  aid Harry. ‘Hermione, why didn’t you come to Charm ?’ ‘What? Oh no!’ Hermione  queaked. ‘I forgot to go to Charm !’ ‘But how could you forget?’  aid Harry. ‘You were with u  till we were right out ide the cla room!’ ‘I don’t believe it!’ Hermione wailed. ‘Wa  Profe or Flitwick angry? Oh, it wa  Malfoy, I wa  thinking about him and I lo t track of thing !’ ‘You know what, Hermione?’  aid Ron, looking down at the enormou  Arithmancy book Hermione had been u ing a  a pillow. ‘I reckon you’re cracking up. You’re trying to do too much.’ ‘No, I’m not!’  aid Hermione, bru hing her hair out of her eye  and  taring hopele ly around for her bag. ‘I ju t made a mi take, that’  all! I’d better go and  ee Profe or Flitwick and  ay  orry … I’ll  ee you in Divination!’ Hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to Profe or Trelawney’  cla room twenty minute  later, looking extremely hara ed. ‘I can’t believe I mi ed Cheering Charm ! And I bet they come up in our exam . Profe or Flitwick hinted they might!’ Together they climbed the ladder into the dim,  tifling tower room. Glowing on every little table wa  a cry tal ball full of pearly white mi t. Harry, Ron and Hermione  at down together at the  ame rickety table. ‘I thought we weren’t  tarting cry tal ball  until next term,’ Ron muttered, ca ting a wary eye around for Profe or Trelawney, in ca e  he wa  lurking nearby. ‘Don’t complain, thi  mean  we’ve fini hed palmi try,’ Harry muttered back. ‘I wa  getting  ick of her flinching every time  he looked at my hand .’ ‘Good day to you!’  aid the familiar, mi ty voice, and Profe or Trelawney made her u ual dramatic entrance out of the  hadow . Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement, their face  lit by the milky glow of their cry tal ball. ‘I have decided to introduce the cry tal ball a little earlier than I had planned,’  aid Profe or Trelawney,  eating her elf with her back to the fire and gazing around. ‘The fate  have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxiou  to give you  ufficient practice.’ Hermione  norted. ‘Well, hone tly … ‘the fate  have informed her’ … who  et  the exam? She doe ! What an amazing prediction!’  he  aid, not troubling to keep her voice low. It wa  hard to tell whether Profe or Trelawney had heard them, a  her face wa  hidden in  hadow. She continued, however, a  though  he had not. ‘Cry tal-gazing i  a particularly refined art,’  he  aid dreamily. ‘I do not expect any of you to See when fir t you peer into the Orb’  infinite depth . We  hall  tart by practi ing relaxing the con ciou  mind and external eye ’ – Ron began to  nigger uncontrollably, and had to  tuff hi  fi t in hi  mouth to  tifle the noi e – ‘ o a  to clear the Inner Eye and the  upercon ciou . Perhap , if we are lucky,  ome of you will See before the end of the cla .’ And  o they began. Harry, at lea t, felt extremely fooli h,  taring blankly at the cry tal ball, trying to keep hi  mind empty when thought   uch a  ‘thi  i   tupid’ kept drifting acro  it. It didn’t help that Ron kept breaking into  ilent giggle  and Hermione kept tutting. ‘Seen anything yet?’ Harry a ked them, after a quarter of an hour’  quiet cry tal-gazing. ‘Yeah, there’  a burn on thi  table,’  aid Ron, pointing. ‘Someone’   pilled their candle.’ ‘Thi  i   uch a wa te of time,’ Hermione hi ed. ‘I could be practi ing  omething u eful. I could be catching up on Cheering Charm  –’ Profe or Trelawney ru tled pa t. ‘Would anyone like me to help them interpret the  hadowy portent  within their Orb?’  he murmured over the clinking of her bangle . ‘I don’t need help,’ Ron whi pered. ‘It’  obviou  what thi  mean . There’  going to be load  of fog tonight.’ Both Harry and Hermione bur t out laughing. ‘Now, really!’  aid Profe or Trelawney, a  everyone’  head  turned in their direction. Parvati and Lavender were looking  candali ed. ‘You are di turbing the clairvoyant vibration !’ She approached their table and peered into their cry tal ball. Harry felt hi  heart  inking. He wa   ure he knew what wa  coming … ‘There i   omething here!’ Profe or Trelawney whi pered, lowering her face to the ball,  o that it wa  reflected twice in her huge gla e . ‘Something moving … but what i  it?’ Harry wa  prepared to bet everything he owned, including hi  Firebolt, that it wa n’t good new , whatever it wa . And  ure enough … ‘My dear …’ Profe or Trelawney breathed, gazing up at Harry. ‘It i  here, plainer than ever before … my dear,  talking toward  you, growing ever clo er … the Gr –’ ‘Oh, for goodne ’  ake!’  aid Hermione, loudly. ‘Not that ridiculou  Grim again!’ Profe or Trelawney rai ed her enormou  eye  to Hermione’  face. Parvati whi pered  omething to Lavender, and they both glared at Hermione, too. Profe or Trelawney  tood up,  urveying Hermione with unmi takeable anger. ‘I am  orry to  ay that from the moment you have arrived in thi  cla , my dear, it ha  been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination require . Indeed, I don’t remember ever meeting a  tudent who e mind wa   o hopele ly Mundane.’ There wa  a moment’   ilence. Then – ‘Fine!’  aid Hermione  uddenly, getting up and cramming Unfogging the Future back into her bag. ‘Fine!’  he repeated,  winging the bag over her  houlder and almo t knocking Ron off hi  chair. ‘I give up! I’m leaving!’ And to the whole cla ’  amazement, Hermione  trode over to the trapdoor, kicked it open, and climbed down the ladder out of  ight. It took a few minute  for the cla  to  ettle down again. Profe or Trelawney  eemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. She turned abruptly from Harry and Ron’  table, breathing rather heavily a   he tugged her gauzy  hawl more clo ely to her. ‘Ooooo!’  aid Lavender  uddenly, making everyone  tart. ‘Oooooo, Profe or Trelawney, I’ve ju t remembered! You  aw her leaving, didn’t you? Didn’t you, Profe or? ‘Around Ea ter, one of our number will leave u  for ever!’ You  aid it age  ago, Profe or!’ Profe or Trelawney gave her a dewy  mile. ‘Ye , my dear, I did indeed know that Mi  Granger would be leaving u . One hope , however, that one might have mi taken the Sign  … the Inner Eye can be a burden, you know …’ Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impre ed, and moved over  o that Profe or Trelawney could join their table in tead. ‘Some day Hermione’  having, eh?’ Ron muttered to Harry, looking awed. ‘Yeah …’ Harry glanced into the cry tal ball, but  aw nothing but  wirling white mi t. Had Profe or Trelawney really  een the Grim again? Would he? The la t thing he needed wa  another near-fatal accident, with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer. * The Ea ter holiday  were not exactly relaxing. The third-year  had never had  o much homework. Neville Longbottom  eemed clo e to a nervou  collap e, and he wa n’t the only one. ‘Call thi  a holiday!’ Seamu  Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. ‘The exam  are age  away, what’re they playing at?’ But nobody had a  much to do a  Hermione. Even without Divination,  he wa  taking more  ubject  than anybody el e. She wa  u ually la t to leave the common room at night, fir t to arrive at the library next morning;  he had  hadow  like Lupin’  under her eye , and  eemed con tantly clo e to tear . Ron had taken over re pon ibility for Buckbeak’  appeal. When he wa n’t doing hi  own work, he wa  poring over enormou ly thick volume  with name  like The Handbook of Hippogriff P ychology and Fowl or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. He wa   o ab orbed, he even forgot to be horrible to Crook hank . Harry, meanwhile, had to fit in hi  homework around Quidditch practice every day, not to mention endle  di cu ion  of tactic  with Wood. The Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the fir t Saturday after the Ea ter holiday . Slytherin were leading the tournament by exactly two hundred point . Thi  meant (a  Wood con tantly reminded hi  team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. It al o meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Harry, becau e capturing the Snitch wa  worth one hundred and fifty point . ‘So you mu t only catch it if we’re more than fifty point  up,’ Wood told Harry con tantly. ‘Only if we’re more than fifty point  up, Harry, or we win the match but lo e the Cup. You’ve got that, haven’t you? You mu t only catch the Snitch if we’re –’ ‘I KNOW, OLIVER!’ Harry yelled. The whole of Gryffindor hou e wa  ob e ed with the coming match. Gryffindor hadn’t won the Quidditch Cup  ince the legendary Charlie Wea ley (Ron’   econd-olde t brother) had been Seeker. But Harry doubted whether any of them, even Wood, wanted to win a  much a  he did. The enmity between Harry and Malfoy wa  at it  highe t point ever. Malfoy wa   till  marting about the mud-throwing incident in Hog meade, and even more furiou  that Harry had  omehow wormed hi  way out of puni hment. Harry hadn’t forgotten Malfoy’  attempt to  abotage him in the match again t Ravenclaw, but it wa  the matter of Buckbeak that made him mo t determined to beat Malfoy in front of the entire  chool. Never, in anyone’  memory, had a match approached in  uch a highly charged atmo phere. By the time the holiday  were over, ten ion between the two team  and their hou e  wa  at breaking-point. A number of  mall  cuffle  broke out in the corridor , culminating in a na ty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth-year and a Slytherin  ixth-year ended up in the ho pital wing with leek   prouting out of their ear . Harry wa  having a particularly bad time of it. He couldn’t walk to cla  without Slytherin   ticking out their leg  and trying to trip him up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever he went, and  louching away looking di appointed when they  aw him  urrounded by people. Wood had given in truction  that Harry  hould be accompanied everywhere, in ca e the Slytherin  tried to put him out of action. The whole of Gryffindor hou e took up the challenge enthu ia tically,  o that it wa  impo ible for Harry to get to cla e  on time becau e he wa   urrounded by a va t, chattering crowd. Harry wa  more concerned for hi  Firebolt’   afety than hi  own. When he wa n’t flying it, he locked it  ecurely in hi  trunk, and frequently da hed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break-time  to check that it wa   till there. * All u ual pur uit  were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. Even Hermione had put down her book . ‘I can’t work, I can’t concentrate,’  he  aid nervou ly. There wa  a great deal of noi e. Fred and George Wea ley were dealing with the pre ure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. Oliver Wood wa  crouched over a model of a Quidditch pitch in the corner, prodding little figure  acro  it with hi  wand and muttering to him elf. Angelina, Alicia and Katie were laughing at Fred and George’  joke . Harry wa   itting with Ron and Hermione, removed from the centre of thing , trying not to think about the next day, becau e every time he did, he had the horrible  en ation that  omething very large wa  fighting to get out of hi   tomach. ‘You’re going to be fine,’ Hermione told him, though  he looked po itively terrified. ‘You’ve got a Firebolt!’  aid Ron. ‘Yeah …’  aid Harry, hi   tomach writhing. It came a  a relief when Wood  uddenly  tood up and yelled, ‘Team! Bed!’ * Harry  lept badly. Fir t he dreamed that he had over lept, and that Wood wa  yelling, ‘Where were you? We had to u e Neville in tead!’ Then he dreamed that Malfoy and the re t of the Slytherin team arrived for the match riding dragon . He wa  flying at breakneck  peed, trying to avoid a  purt of flame  from Malfoy’   teed’  mouth, when he reali ed he had forgotten hi  Firebolt. He fell through the air and woke with a  tart. It wa  a few  econd  before Harry remembered that the match hadn’t taken place yet, that he wa   afe in bed and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldn’t be allowed to play on dragon . He wa  feeling very thir ty. A  quietly a  he could, he got out of hi  four-po ter and went to pour him elf  ome water from the  ilver jug beneath the window. The ground  were  till and quiet. No breath of wind di turbed the treetop  in the Forbidden Fore t; the Whomping Willow wa  motionle  and innocent-looking. It looked a  though condition  for the match would be perfect. Harry  et down hi  goblet and wa  about to turn back to hi  bed when  omething caught hi  eye. An animal of  ome kind wa  prowling acro  the  ilvery lawn. Harry da hed to hi  bed ide table,  natched up hi  gla e  and put them on, then hurried back to the window. It couldn’t be the Grim – not now – not right before the match – He peered out at the ground  again and, after a minute’  frantic  earching,  potted it. It wa   kirting the edge of the Fore t now … it wa n’t the Grim at all … it wa  a cat … Harry clutched the window-ledge in relief a  he recogni ed the bottle-bru h tail. It wa  only Crook hank  … Or wa  it only Crook hank ? Harry  quinted, pre ing hi  no e flat again t the gla . Crook hank   eemed to have come to a halt. Harry wa   ure he could  ee  omething el e moving in the  hadow of the tree , too. And next moment, it had emerged: a gigantic,  haggy black dog, moving  tealthily acro  the lawn, Crook hank  trotting at it   ide. Harry  tared. What did thi  mean? If Crook hank  could  ee the dog a  well, how could it be an omen of Harry’  death? ‘Ron!’ Harry hi ed. ‘Ron! Wake up!’ ‘Huh?’ ‘I need you to tell me if you can  ee  omething!’ ‘’S’all dark, Harry’ Ron muttered thickly. ‘What’re you on about?’ ‘Down here –’ Harry looked quickly back out of the window. Crook hank  and the dog had vani hed. Harry climbed onto the window- ill to look right down into the  hadow  of the ca tle, but they weren’t there. Where had they gone? A loud  nore told him Ron had fallen a leep again. * Harry and the re t of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall next day to enormou  applau e. Harry couldn’t help grinning broadly a  he  aw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table  were clapping them, too. The Slytherin table hi ed loudly a  they pa ed. Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler than u ual. Wood  pent the whole of breakfa t urging hi  team to eat, while touching nothing him elf. Then he hurried them off to the pitch before anyone el e had fini hed,  o they could get an idea of the condition . A  they left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again. ‘Good luck, Harry!’ called Cho Chang. Harry felt him elf blu hing. ‘OK … no wind to  peak of …  un’  a bit bright, that could impair your vi ion, watch out for it … ground’  fairly hard, good, that’ll give u  a fa t kick-off …’ Wood paced the pitch,  taring around with the team behind him. Finally they  aw the front door  of the ca tle open in the di tance, and the re t of the  chool  pill onto the lawn. ‘Changing room ,’  aid Wood ter ely. None of them  poke a  they changed into their  carlet robe . Harry wondered if they were feeling like he wa : a  though he’d eaten  omething extremely wriggly for breakfa t. In what  eemed like no time at all, Wood wa   aying, ‘OK, it’  time, let’  go …’ They walked out onto the pitch to a tidal wave of noi e. Three-quarter  of the crowd were wearing  carlet ro ette , waving  carlet flag  with the Gryffindor lion upon them or brandi hing banner  with  logan   uch a  ‘GO GRYFFINDOR!’ and ‘LIONS FOR THE CUP!’. Behind the Slytherin goalpo t , however, two hundred people were wearing green; the  ilver  erpent of Slytherin glittered on their flag , and Profe or Snape  at in the very front row, wearing green like everyone el e, and a very grim  mile. ‘And here are the Gryffindor !’ yelled Lee Jordan, who wa  acting a  commentator a  u ual. ‘Potter, Bell, John on, Spinnet, Wea ley, Wea ley and Wood. Widely acknowledged a  the be t  ide Hogwart  ha   een in a good few year  –’ Lee’  comment  were drowned by a tide of ‘boo ’ from the Slytherin end. ‘And here come the Slytherin team, led by captain Flint. He’  made  ome change  in the line-up and  eem  to be going for  ize rather than  kill –’ More boo  from the Slytherin crowd. Harry, however, thought Lee had a point. Malfoy wa  ea ily the  malle t per on on the Slytherin team; the re t of them were enormou . ‘Captain ,  hake hand !’  aid Madam Hooch. Flint and Wood approached each other and gra ped each other’  hand  very tightly; it looked a  though each wa  trying to break the other’  finger . ‘Mount your broom !’  aid Madam Hooch. ‘Three … two … one …’ The  ound of her whi tle wa  lo t in the roar from the crowd a  fourteen broom  ro e into the air. Harry felt hi  hair fly back off hi  forehead; hi  nerve  left him in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around,  aw Malfoy on hi  tail, and  ped off in  earch of the Snitch. ‘And it’  Gryffindor in po e ion, Alicia Spinnet of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading  traight for the Slytherin goalpo t , looking good, Alicia! Argh, no – Quaffle intercepted by Warrington, Warrington of Slytherin tearing up the pitch – WHAM! – nice Bludger work there by George Wea ley, Warrington drop  the Quaffle, it’  caught by – John on, Gryffindor back in po e ion, come on, Angelina – nice  werve round Montague – duck, Angelina, that’  a Bludger! – SHE SCORES! TEN–ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!’ Angelina punched the air a   he  oared round the end of the pitch; the  ea of  carlet below wa   creaming it  delight – ‘OUCH!’ Angelina wa  nearly thrown from her broom a  Marcu  Flint went  ma hing into her. ‘Sorry!’  aid Flint, a  the crowd below booed. ‘Sorry didn’t  ee her!’ Next moment, Fred Wea ley had chucked hi  Beater’  club at the back of Flint’  head. Flint’  no e  ma hed into the handle of hi  broom and began to bleed. ‘That will do!’  hrieked Madam Hooch, zooming between them. ‘Penalty to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Cha er! Penalty to Slytherin for deliberate damage to their Cha er!’ ‘Come off it, Mi !’ howled Fred, but Madam Hooch blew her whi tle and Alicia flew forward to take the penalty. ‘Come on, Alicia!’ yelled Lee into the  ilence that had de cended on the crowd. ‘YES! SHE’S BEATEN THE KEEPER! TWENTY–ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!’ Harry turned the Firebolt  harply to watch Flint,  till bleeding freely, fly forward  to take the Slytherin penalty. Wood wa  hovering in front of the Gryffindor goalpo t , hi  jaw clenched. ‘Cour e, Wood’  a  uperb Keeper!’ Lee Jordan told the crowd, a  Flint waited for Madam Hooch’  whi tle. ‘Superb! Very difficult to pa  – very difficult indeed – YES! I DON’T BELIEVE IT! HE’S SAVED IT!’ Relieved, Harry zoomed away, gazing around for the Snitch, but  till making  ure he caught every word of Lee’  commentary. It wa  e ential that he hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor wa  more than fifty point  up … ‘Gryffindor in po e ion, no, Slytherin in po e ion – no! – Gryffindor back in po e ion and it’  Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle,  he’   treaking up the pitch – THAT WAS DELIBERATE!’ Montague, a Slytherin Cha er, had  werved in front of Katie, and in tead of  eizing the Quaffle, had grabbed her head. Katie cartwheeled in the air, managed to  tay on her broom but dropped the Quaffle. Madam Hooch’  whi tle rang out again a   he  oared over to Montague and began  houting at him. A minute later, Katie had put another penalty pa t the Slytherin Keeper. ‘THIRTY–ZERO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEATING –’ ‘Jordan, if you can’t commentate in an unbia ed way –!’ ‘I’m telling it like it i , Profe or!’ Harry felt a huge jolt of excitement. He had  een the Snitch – it wa   himmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goalpo t  – but he mu tn’t catch it yet. And if Malfoy  aw it … Faking a look of  udden concentration, Harry pulled hi  Firebolt round and  ped off toward  the Slytherin end. It worked. Malfoy went haring after him, clearly thinking Harry had  een the Snitch there … WHOOSH. One of the Bludger  came  treaking pa t Harry’  right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. Next moment – WHOOSH. The  econd Bludger had grazed Harry’  elbow. The other Beater, Bole, wa  clo ing in. Harry had a fleeting glimp e of Bole and Derrick zooming toward  him, club  rai ed – He turned the Firebolt upward  at the la t  econd, and Bole and Derrick collided with a  ickening crunch. ‘Ha haaa!’ yelled Lee Jordan, a  the Slytherin Beater  lurched away from each other, clutching their head . ‘Too bad, boy ! You’ll need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebolt! And it’  Gryffindor in po e ion again, a  John on take  the Quaffle – Flint along ide her – poke him in the eye, Angelina! – it wa  a joke, Profe or, it wa  a joke – oh, no – Flint in po e ion, Flint flying toward  the Gryffindor goalpo t , come on, now, Wood,  ave –!’ But Flint had  cored; there wa  an eruption of cheer  from the Slytherin end and Lee  wore  o badly that Profe or McGonagall tried to tug the magical megaphone away from him. ‘Sorry, Profe or,  orry! Won’t happen again! So, Gryffindor in the lead, thirty point  to ten, and Gryffindor in po e ion –’ It wa  turning into the dirtie t match Harry had ever played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken  uch an early lead, the Slytherin  were rapidly re orting to any mean  to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with hi  club and tried to  ay he’d thought  he wa  a Bludger. George Wea ley elbowed Bole in the face in retaliation. Madam Hooch awarded both team  penaltie , and Wood pulled off another  pectacular  ave, making the  core forty-ten to Gryffindor. The Snitch had di appeared again. Malfoy wa   till keeping clo e to Harry a  he  oared over the match, looking around for it – once Gryffindor were fifty point  ahead … Katie  cored. Fifty–ten. Fred and George Wea ley were  wooping around her, club  rai ed, in ca e any of the Slytherin  were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick took advantage of Fred and George’  ab ence to aim both Bludger  at Wood; they caught him in the  tomach, one after the other, and he rolled over in the air, clutching hi  broom, completely winded. Madam Hooch wa  be ide her elf. ‘You do not attack the Keeper unle  the Quaffle i  within the  coring area!’  he  hrieked at Bole and Derrick. ‘Gryffindor penalty!’ And Angelina  cored. Sixty–ten. Moment  later, Fred Wea ley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle out of hi  hand ; Alicia  eized it and put it through the Slytherin goal:  eventy–ten. The Gryffindor crowd below were  creaming them elve  hoar e – Gryffindor were  ixty point  in the lead, and if Harry caught the Snitch now, the Cup wa  their . Harry could almo t feel hundred  of eye  following him a  he  oared around the pitch, high above the re t of the game, with Malfoy  peeding along behind him. And then he  aw it. The Snitch wa   parkling twenty feet above him. Harry put on a huge bur t of  peed, the wind roaring in hi  ear ; he  tretched out hi  hand, but  uddenly, the Firebolt wa   lowing down – Horrified, he looked around. Malfoy had thrown him elf forward, grabbed hold of the Firebolt’  tail and wa  pulling it back. ‘You –’ Harry wa  angry enough to hit Malfoy, but he couldn’t reach. Malfoy wa  panting with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt, but hi  eye  were  parkling maliciou ly. He had achieved what he’d wanted – the Snitch had di appeared again. ‘Penalty! Penalty to Gryffindor! I’ve never  een  uch tactic !’ Madam Hooch  creeched,  hooting up to where Malfoy wa   liding back onto hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and and One. ‘YOU CHEATING SCUM!’ Lee Jordan wa  howling into the megaphone, dancing out of Profe or McGonagall’  reach. ‘YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B –’ Profe or McGonagall didn’t even bother to tell him off. She wa  actually  haking her fi t in Malfoy’  direction; her hat had fallen off, and  he, too, wa   houting furiou ly. Alicia took Gryffindor’  penalty, but  he wa   o angry  he mi ed by  everal feet. The Gryffindor team wa  lo ing concentration and the Slytherin , delighted by Malfoy’  foul on Harry, were being  purred on to greater height . ‘Slytherin in po e ion, Slytherin heading for goal – Montague  core  –’ Lee groaned. ‘Seventy–twenty to Gryffindor …’ Harry wa  now marking Malfoy  o clo ely their knee  kept hitting each other. Harry wa n’t going to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch … ‘Get out of it, Potter!’ Malfoy yelled in fru tration, a  he tried to turn and found Harry blocking him. ‘Angelina John on get  the Quaffle for Gryffindor, come on, Angelina, COME ON!’ Harry looked round. Every  ingle Slytherin player apart from Malfoy, even the Slytherin Keeper, wa   treaking up the pitch toward  Angelina – they were all going to block her – Harry wheeled the Firebolt about, bent  o low he wa  lying flat along the handle and kicked it forward . Like a bullet, he  hot toward  the Slytherin . ‘AAAAAAARRRGH!’ They  cattered a  the Firebolt zoomed toward  them; Angelina’  way wa  clear. ‘SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffindor lead by eighty point  to twenty!’ Harry, who had almo t pelted headlong into the  tand ,  kidded to a halt in mid-air, rever ed and zoomed back into the middle of the pitch. And then he  aw  omething to make hi  heart  tand  till. Malfoy wa  diving, a look of triumph on hi  face – there, a few feet above the gra  below, wa  a tiny, golden glimmer. Harry urged the Firebolt downward  but Malfoy wa  mile  ahead. ‘Go! Go! Go!’ Harry urged hi  broom. They were gaining on Malfoy … Harry flattened him elf to the broom handle a  Bole  ent a Bludger at him … he wa  at Malfoy’  ankle  … he wa  level – Harry threw him elf forward , taking both hand  off hi  broom. He knocked Malfoy’  arm out of the way and – ‘YES!’ He pulled out of hi  dive, hi  hand in the air, and the  tadium exploded. Harry  oared above the crowd, an odd ringing in hi  ear . The tiny golden ball wa  held tight in hi  fi t, beating it  wing  hopele ly again t hi  finger . Then Wood wa   peeding toward  him, half-blinded by tear ; he  eized Harry around the neck and  obbed unre trainedly into hi   houlder. Harry felt two large thump  a  Fred and George hit them; then Angelina, Alicia and Katie’  voice , ‘We’ve won the Cup! We’ve won the Cup!’ Tangled together in a many-armed hug, the Gryffindor team  ank, yelling hoar ely, back to earth. Wave upon wave of crim on  upporter  wa  pouring over the barrier  onto the pitch. Hand  were raining down on their back . Harry had a confu ed impre ion of noi e and bodie  pre ing in on him. Then he, and the re t of the team, were hoi ted onto the  houlder  of the crowd. Thru t into the light, he  aw Hagrid, pla tered with crim on ro ette  – ‘Yeh beat ’em, Harry, yeh beat ’em! Wait till I tell Buckbeak!’ There wa  Percy, jumping up and down like a maniac, all dignity forgotten. Profe or McGonagall wa   obbing harder even than Wood, wiping her eye  with an enormou  Gryffindor flag; and there, fighting their way toward  Harry, were Ron and Hermione. Word  failed them. They  imply beamed, a  Harry wa  borne toward  the  tand , where Dumbledore  tood waiting with the enormou  Quidditch Cup. If only there had been a Dementor around … A  a  obbing Wood pa ed Harry the Cup, a  he lifted it into the air, Harry felt he could have produced the world’  be t Patronu . Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER SIXTEEN Profe or Trelawney’  Prediction Harry’  euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup la ted at lea t a week. Even the weather  eemed to be celebrating; a  June approached, the day  became cloudle  and  ultry, and all anybody felt like doing wa   trolling into the ground  and flopping down on the gra  with  everal pint  of iced pumpkin juice, perhap  playing a ca ual game of Gob tone  or watching the giant  quid propel it elf dreamily acro  the  urface of the lake. But they couldn’t. The exam  were nearly upon them, and in tead of lazing around out ide, the  tudent  were forced to remain in ide the ca tle, trying to bully their brain  into concentrating while enticing waft  of  ummer air drifted in through the window . Even Fred and George Wea ley had been  potted working; they were about to take their OWL  (Ordinary Wizarding Level ). Percy wa  getting ready to  it hi  NEWT  (Na tily Exhau ting Wizarding Te t ), the highe t qualification Hogwart  offered. A  Percy hoped to enter the Mini try of Magic, he needed top grade . He wa  becoming increa ingly edgy, and gave very  evere puni hment  to anybody who di turbed the quiet of the common room in the evening . In fact, the only per on who  eemed more anxiou  than Percy wa  Hermione. Harry and Ron had given up a king her how  he wa  managing to attend  everal cla e  at once, but they couldn’t re train them elve  when they  aw the exam timetable  he had drawn up for her elf. The fir t column read: MONDAY 9 o’clock, Arithmancy 9 o’clock, Tran figuration Lunch 1 o’clock, Charm  1 o’clock, Ancient Rune  ‘Hermione?’ Ron  aid cautiou ly, becau e  he wa  liable to explode when interrupted the e day . ‘Er – are you  ure you’ve copied down the e time  right?’ ‘What?’  napped Hermione, picking up the exam timetable and examining it. ‘Ye , of cour e I have.’ ‘I  there any point a king how you’re going to  it two exam  at once?’  aid Harry. ‘No,’  aid Hermione  hortly. ‘Ha  either of you  een my copy of Numerology and Grammatica?’ ‘Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading,’  aid Ron, but very quietly. Hermione  tarted  hifting heap  of parchment around on her table, looking for the book. Ju t then, there wa  a ru tle at the window and Hedwig fluttered through it, a note clutched tightly in her beak. ‘It’  from Hagrid,’  aid Harry, ripping the note open. ‘Buckbeak’  appeal – it’   et for the  ixth.’ ‘That’  the day we fini h our exam ,’  aid Hermione,  till looking everywhere for her Arithmancy book. ‘And they’re coming up here to do it,’  aid Harry,  till reading from the letter. ‘Someone from the Mini try of Magic and – and an executioner.’ Hermione looked up,  tartled. ‘They’re bringing the executioner to the appeal! But that  ound  a  though they’ve already decided!’ ‘Yeah, it doe ,’  aid Harry  lowly. ‘They can’t!’ Ron howled. ‘I’ve  pent age  reading up  tuff for him, they can’t ju t ignore it all!’ But Harry had a horrible feeling that the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature  had had it  mind made up for it by Mr Malfoy. Draco, who had been noticeably  ubdued  ince Gryffindor’  triumph in the Quidditch final,  eemed to regain  ome of hi  old  wagger over the next few day . From  neering comment  Harry overheard, Malfoy wa  certain Buckbeak wa  going to be killed, and  eemed thoroughly plea ed with him elf for bringing it about. It wa  all Harry could do to  top him elf imitating Hermione and hitting Malfoy in the face on the e occa ion . And the wor t thing of all wa  that they had no time or opportunity to go and  ee Hagrid, becau e the  trict new  ecurity mea ure  had not been lifted, and Harry didn’t dare retrieve hi  Invi ibility Cloak from below the one-eyed witch. * Exam week began and an unnatural hu h fell over the ca tle. The third-year  emerged from Tran figuration at lunchtime on Monday limp and a hen-faced, comparing re ult  and bemoaning the difficulty of the ta k  they had been  et, which had included turning a teapot into a tortoi e. Hermione irritated the re t by fu ing about how her tortoi e had looked more like a turtle, which wa  the lea t of everyone el e’  worrie . ‘Mine  till had a  pout for a tail, what a nightmare …’ ‘Were the tortoi e   uppo ed to breathe  team?’ ‘It  till had a willow-patterned  hell, d’you think that’ll count again t me?’ Then, after a ha ty lunch, it wa   traight back up tair  for the Charm  exam. Hermione had been right; Profe or Flitwick did indeed te t them on Cheering Charm . Harry  lightly overdid hi  out of nerve  and Ron, who wa  partnering him, ended up in fit  of hy terical laughter and had to be led away to a quiet room for an hour before he wa  ready to perform the Charm him elf. After dinner, the  tudent  hurried back to their common room , not to relax, but to  tart revi ing for Care of Magical Creature , Potion  and A tronomy. Hagrid pre ided over the Care of Magical Creature  exam the following morning with a very preoccupied air indeed; hi  heart didn’t  eem to be in it at all. He had provided a large tub of fre h Flobberworm  for the cla , and told them that, to pa  the te t, their Flobberworm had to  till be alive at the end of one hour. A  Flobberworm  flouri hed be t if left to their own device , it wa  the ea ie t exam any of them had ever  at, and al o gave Harry, Ron and Hermione plenty of opportunity to  peak to Hagrid. ‘Beaky’  gettin’ a bit depre ed,’ Hagrid told them, bending low on the pretence of checking that Harry’  Flobberworm wa   till alive. ‘Bin cooped up too long. But  till … we’ll know day after tomorrow – one way or the other.’ They had Potion  that afternoon, which wa  an unqualified di a ter. Try a  Harry might, he couldn’t get hi  Confu ing Concoction to thicken, and Snape,  tanding watching with an air of vindictive plea ure,  cribbled  omething that looked  u piciou ly like a zero onto hi  note  before moving away. Then came A tronomy at midnight, up on the talle t tower; Hi tory of Magic on Wedne day morning, in which Harry  cribbled everything Florean Forte cue had ever told him about medieval witch hunt , while wi hing he could have had one of Forte cue’  choco-nut  undae  with him in the  tifling cla room. Wedne day afternoon meant Herbology in the greenhou e  under a baking hot  un; then back to the common room once more, with the back  of their neck   unburnt, thinking longingly of thi  time next day, when it would all be over. Their  econd from la t exam, on Thur day morning, wa  Defence Again t the Dark Art . Profe or Lupin had compiled the mo t unu ual exam any of them had ever taken; a  ort of ob tacle cour e out ide in the  un, where they had to wade acro  a deep paddling pool containing a Grindylow, cro  a  erie  of pothole  full of Red Cap ,  qui h their way acro  a patch of mar h, ignoring the mi leading direction  from a Hinkypunk, then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new Boggart. ‘Excellent, Harry,’ Lupin muttered, a  Harry climbed out of the trunk, grinning. ‘Full mark .’ Flu hed with hi   ucce , Harry hung around to watch Ron and Hermione. Ron did very well until he reached the Hinkypunk, which  ucce fully confu ed him into  inking wai t-high into the quagmire. Hermione did everything perfectly until  he reached the trunk with the Boggart in it. After about a minute in ide it,  he bur t out again,  creaming. ‘Hermione!’  aid Lupin,  tartled. ‘What’  the matter?’ ‘P-P-Profe or McGonagall!’ Hermione ga ped, pointing into the trunk. ‘Sh- he  aid I’d failed everything!’ It took a little while to calm Hermione down. When at la t  he had regained a grip on her elf,  he, Harry and Ron went back to the ca tle. Ron wa   till  lightly inclined to laugh at Hermione’  Boggart, but an argument wa  averted by the  ight that met them on the top of the  tep . Corneliu  Fudge,  weating  lightly in hi  pin triped cloak, wa   tanding there  taring out at the ground . He  tarted at the  ight of Harry. ‘Hello there, Harry!’ he  aid. ‘Ju t had an exam, I expect? Nearly fini hed?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. Hermione and Ron, not being on  peaking term  with the Mini ter for Magic, hovered awkwardly in the background. ‘Lovely day,’  aid Fudge, ca ting an eye over the lake. ‘Pity … pity …’ He  ighed deeply and looked down at Harry. ‘I’m here on an unplea ant mi ion, Harry. The Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature  required a witne  to the execution of a mad Hippogriff. A  I needed to vi it Hogwart  to check on the Black  ituation, I wa  a ked to  tep in.’ ‘Doe  that mean the appeal’  already happened?’ Ron interrupted,  tepping forward . ‘No, no, it’   cheduled for thi  afternoon,’  aid Fudge, looking curiou ly at Ron. ‘Then you might not have to witne  an execution at all!’  aid Ron  toutly. ‘The Hippogriff might get off!’ Before Fudge could an wer, two wizard  came through the ca tle door  behind him. One wa   o ancient he appeared to be withering before their very eye ; the other wa  tall and  trapping, with a thin black mou tache. Harry gathered that they were repre entative  of the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature , becau e the very old wizard  quinted toward  Hagrid’  cabin and  aid in a feeble voice, ‘Dear, dear, I’m getting too old for thi  … two o’clock, i n’t it, Fudge?’ The black-mou tached man wa  fingering  omething in hi  belt; Harry looked and  aw that he wa  running one broad thumb along the blade of a  hining axe. Ron opened hi  mouth to  ay  omething, but Hermione nudged him hard in the rib  and jerked her head toward  the Entrance Hall. ‘Why’d you  top me?’  aid Ron angrily, a  they entered the Great Hall for lunch. ‘Did you  ee them? They’ve even got the axe ready! Thi  i n’t ju tice!’ ‘Ron, your dad work  for the Mini try. You can’t go  aying thing  like that to hi  bo !’  aid Hermione, but  he, too, looked very up et. ‘A  long a  Hagrid keep  hi  head thi  time, and argue  hi  ca e properly, they can’t po ibly execute Buckbeak …’ But Harry could tell Hermione didn’t really believe what  he wa   aying. All around them, people were talking excitedly a  they ate their lunch, happily anticipating the end of exam  that afternoon, but Harry, Ron and Hermione, lo t in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak, didn’t join in. Harry and Ron’  la t exam wa  Divination; Hermione’ , Muggle Studie . They walked up the marble  tairca e together. Hermione left them on the fir t floor and Harry and Ron proceeded all the way up to the  eventh, where many of their cla  were  itting on the  piral  tairca e to Profe or Trelawney’  cla room, trying to cram in a bit of la t-minute revi ion. ‘She’   eeing u  all  eparately,’ Neville informed them, a  they went to  it down next to him. He had hi  copy of Unfogging the Future open on hi  lap at the page  devoted to cry tal-gazing. ‘Have either of you ever  een anything in a cry tal ball?’ he a ked them unhappily. ‘Nope,’  aid Ron, in an offhand voice. He kept checking hi  watch; Harry knew that he wa  counting down the time until Buckbeak’  appeal  tarted. The queue of people out ide the cla room  hortened very  lowly. A  each per on climbed back down the  ilver ladder, the re t of the cla  hi ed, ‘What did  he a k? Wa  it OK?’ But they all refu ed to  ay. ‘She  ay  the cry tal ball’  told her that, if I tell you, I’ll have a horrible accident!’  queaked Neville, a  he clambered back down the ladder toward  Harry and Ron, who had now reached the landing. ‘That’  convenient,’  norted Ron. ‘You know, I’m  tarting to think Hermione wa  right about her’ (he jabbed hi  thumb toward  the trapdoor overhead), ‘ he’  a right old fraud.’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Harry, looking at hi  own watch. It wa  now two o’clock. ‘Wi h  he’d hurry up …’ Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride. ‘She  ay  I’ve got all the making  of a true Seer,’  he informed Harry and Ron. ‘I  aw load  of  tuff … well, good luck!’ She hurried off down the  piral  tairca e toward  Lavender. ‘Ronald Wea ley’  aid the familiar, mi ty voice from over their head . Ron grimaced at Harry, and climbed the  ilver ladder out of  ight. Harry wa  now the only per on left to be te ted. He  ettled him elf on the floor with hi  back again t the wall, li tening to a fly buzzing in the  unny window, hi  mind acro  the ground  with Hagrid. Finally, after about twenty minute , Ron’  large feet reappeared on the ladder. ‘How’d it go?’ Harry a ked him,  tanding up. ‘Rubbi h,’  aid Ron. ‘Couldn’t  ee a thing,  o I made  ome  tuff up. Don’t think  he wa  convinced, though …’ ‘Meet you in the common room,’ Harry muttered, a  Profe or Trelawney’  voice called, ‘Harry Potter!’ The tower room wa  hotter than ever before; the curtain  were clo ed, the fire wa  alight, and the u ual  ickly  cent made Harry cough a  he  tumbled through the clutter of chair  and table  to where Profe or Trelawney  at waiting for him before a large cry tal ball. ‘Good day, my dear,’  he  aid  oftly. ‘If you would kindly gaze into the Orb … take your time, now … then tell me what you  ee within it …’ Harry bent over the cry tal ball and  tared,  tared a  hard a  he could, willing it to  how him  omething other than  wirling white fog, but nothing happened. ‘Well?’ Profe or Trelawney prompted delicately. ‘What do you  ee?’ The heat wa  overpowering and hi  no tril  were  tinging with the perfumed  moke wafting from the fire be ide them. He thought of what Ron had ju t  aid, and decided to pretend. ‘Er –,’  aid Harry, ‘a dark  hape … um …’ ‘What doe  it re emble?’ whi pered Profe or Trelawney. ‘Think, now …’ Harry ca t hi  mind around and it landed on Buckbeak. ‘A Hippogriff,’ he  aid firmly. ‘Indeed!’ whi pered Profe or Trelawney,  cribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon her knee . ‘My boy, you may well be  eeing the outcome of poor Hagrid’  trouble with the Mini try of Magic! Look clo er … doe  the Hippogriff appear to … have it  head?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry firmly. ‘Are you  ure?’ Profe or Trelawney urged him. ‘Are you quite  ure, dear? You don’t  ee it writhing on the ground, perhap , and a  hadowy figure rai ing an axe behind it?’ ‘No!’  aid Harry,  tarting to feel  lightly  ick. ‘No blood? No weeping Hagrid?’ ‘No!’  aid Harry again, wanting more than ever to leave the room and the heat. ‘It look  fine, it’  – flying away …’ Profe or Trelawney  ighed. ‘Well, dear, I think we’ll leave it there … a little di appointing … but I’m  ure you did your be t.’ Relieved, Harry got up, picked up hi  bag and turned to go, but then a loud, har h voice  poke behind him. ‘It will happen tonight.’ Harry wheeled around. Profe or Trelawney had gone rigid in her armchair; her eye  were unfocu ed and her mouth  agging. ‘S- orry?’  aid Harry. But Profe or Trelawney didn’t  eem to hear him. Her eye   tarted to roll. Harry  tood there in a panic. She looked a  though  he wa  about to have  ome  ort of  eizure. He he itated, thinking of running to the ho pital wing – and then Profe or Trelawney  poke again, in the  ame har h voice, quite unlike her own: ‘The Dark Lord lie  alone and friendle , abandoned by hi  follower . Hi   ervant ha  been chained the e twelve year . Tonight, before midnight, the  ervant will break free and  et out to rejoin hi  ma ter. The Dark Lord will ri e again with hi   ervant’  aid, greater and more terrible than ever before. Tonight … before midnight … the  ervant … will  et out rejoin … hi  ma ter …’ Profe or Trelawney’  head fell forward  onto her che t. She made a grunting  ort of noi e. Then, quite  uddenly, her head  napped up again. ‘I’m  o  orry, dear boy,’  he  aid dreamily. ‘The heat of the day, you know … I drifted off for a moment …’ Harry  tood there,  till  taring. ‘I  there anything wrong, my dear?’ ‘You – you ju t told me that the – the Dark Lord’  going to ri e again … that hi   ervant’  going to go back to him …’ Profe or Trelawney looked thoroughly  tartled. ‘The Dark Lord? He Who Mu t Not Be Named? My dear boy, that’  hardly  omething to joke about … ri e again, indeed …’ ‘But you ju t  aid it! You  aid the Dark Lord –’ ‘I think you mu t have dozed off too, dear!’  aid Profe or Trelawney. ‘I would certainly not pre ume to predict anything quite a  far-fetched a  that!’ Harry climbed back down the ladder and the  piral  tairca e, wondering … had he ju t heard Profe or Trelawney make a real prediction? Or had that been her idea of an impre ive end to the te t? Five minute  later he wa  da hing pa t the  ecurity troll  out ide the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Profe or Trelawney’  word   till re ounding in hi  head. People were  triding pa t him in the oppo ite direction, laughing and joking, heading for the ground  and a bit of long-awaited freedom; by the time he had reached the portrait hole and entered the common room, it wa  almo t de erted. Over in a corner, however,  at Ron and Hermione. ‘Profe or Trelawney’ Harry panted, ‘ju t told me –’ But he  topped abruptly at the  ight of their face . ‘Buckbeak lo t,’  aid Ron weakly. ‘Hagrid’  ju t  ent thi .’ Hagrid’  note wa  dry thi  time, no tear  had  plattered it, yet hi  hand  eemed to have  haken  o much a  he wrote that it wa  hardly legible. Lo t appeal. They’re going to execute at  un et. Nothing you can do. Don’t come down. I don’t want you to  ee it. Hagrid ‘We’ve got to go,’  aid Harry at once. ‘He can’t ju t  it there on hi  own, waiting for the executioner!’ ‘Sun et, though,’  aid Ron, who wa   taring out of the window in a glazed  ort of way. ‘We’d never be allowed …  pecially you, Harry …’ Harry  ank hi  head into hi  hand , thinking. ‘If we only had the Invi ibility Cloak …’ ‘Where i  it?’  aid Hermione. Harry told her about leaving it in the pa ageway under the one-eyed witch. ‘… if Snape  ee  me anywhere near there again, I’m in  eriou  trouble,’ he fini hed. ‘That’  true,’  aid Hermione, getting to her feet. ‘If he  ee  you … how do you open the witch’  hump again?’ ‘You – you tap it and  ay, ‘Di endium’,’  aid Harry. ‘But –’ Hermione didn’t wait for the re t of hi   entence;  he  trode acro  the room, pu hed the Fat Lady’  portrait open and vani hed from  ight. ‘She ha n’t gone to get it?’ Ron  aid,  taring after her. She had. Hermione returned a quarter of an hour later with the  ilvery Cloak folded carefully under her robe . ‘Hermione, I don’t know what’  got into you lately!’  aid Ron, a tounded. ‘Fir t you hit Malfoy, then you walk out on Profe or Trelawney –’ Hermione looked rather flattered. * They went down to dinner with everybody el e, but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward . Harry had the Cloak hidden down the front of hi  robe ; he had to keep hi  arm  folded to hide the lump. They  kulked in an empty chamber off the Entrance Hall, li tening, until they were  ure it wa  de erted. They heard a la t pair of people hurrying acro  the hall, and a door  lamming. Hermione poked her head around the door. ‘OK,’  he whi pered, ‘no one there – Cloak on –’ Walking very clo e together  o that nobody would  ee them, they cro ed the Hall on tiptoe beneath the Cloak, then walked down the  tone front  tep  into the ground . The  un wa  already  inking behind the Forbidden Fore t, gilding the top branche  of the tree . They reached Hagrid’  cabin and knocked. He wa  a minute in an wering, and when he did, he looked all around for hi  vi itor, pale-faced and trembling. ‘It’  u ,’ Harry hi ed. ‘We’re wearing the Invi ibility Cloak. Let u  in and we can take it off.’ ‘Yeh  houldn’ve come!’ Hagrid whi pered, but he  tood back, and they  tepped in ide. Hagrid  hut the door quickly and Harry pulled off the Cloak. Hagrid wa  not crying, nor did he throw him elf upon their neck . He looked like a man who did not know where he wa  or what to do. Thi  helple ne  wa  wor e to watch than tear . ‘Wan’  ome tea?’ he  aid. Hi  great hand  were  haking a  he reached for the kettle. ‘Where’  Buckbeak, Hagrid?’  aid Hermione he itantly. ‘I – I took him out ide,’  aid Hagrid,  pilling milk all over the table a  he filled up the jug. ‘He’  tethered in me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta  ee the tree  an’ – an’  mell fre h air – before –’ Hagrid’  hand trembled  o violently that the milk jug  lipped from hi  gra p and  hattered all over the floor. ‘I’ll do it, Hagrid,’  aid Hermione quickly, hurrying over and  tarting to clean up the me . ‘There’  another one in the cupboard,’ Hagrid  aid,  itting down and wiping hi  forehead on hi   leeve. Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopele ly. ‘I n’t there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?’ Harry a ked fiercely,  itting down next to him. ‘Dumbledore –’ ‘He’  tried,’  aid Hagrid. ‘He’  got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told ’em Buckbeak’  all right, but they’re  cared … yeh know what Luciu  Malfoy’  like … threatened ’em, I expect … an’ the executioner, Macnair, he’  an old pal o’ Malfoy’  … but it’ll be quick an’ clean … an’ I’ll be be ide him …’ Hagrid  wallowed. Hi  eye  were darting all over the cabin, a  though looking for  ome  hred of hope or comfort. ‘Dumbledore’  gonna come down while it – while it happen . Wrote me thi  mornin’. Said he want  ter – ter be with me. Great man, Dumbledore …’ Hermione, who had been rummaging in Hagrid’  cupboard for another milk jug, let out a  mall, quickly  tifled  ob. She  traightened up with the new jug in her hand , fighting back tear . ‘We’ll  tay with you, too, Hagrid,’  he began, but Hagrid  hook hi   haggy head. ‘Yeh’re ter go back up ter the ca tle. I told yeh, I don’ wan’ yeh watchin’. An’ yeh  houldn’ be down here anyway … if Fudge an’ Dumbledore catch yeh out without permi ion, Harry, yeh’ll be in big trouble.’ Silent tear  were now  treaming down Hermione’  face, but  he hid them from Hagrid, bu tling around making tea. Then, a   he picked up the milk bottle to pour  ome into the jug,  he let out a  hriek. ‘Ron! I – I don’t believe it – it’  Scabber !’ Ron gaped at her. ‘What are you talking about?’ Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it up ide-down. With a frantic  queak, and much  crambling to get back in ide, Scabber  the rat came  liding out onto the table. ‘Scabber !’  aid Ron blankly. ‘Scabber , what are you doing here?’ He grabbed the  truggling rat and held him up to the light. Scabber  looked dreadful. He wa  thinner than ever, large tuft  of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patche , and he writhed in Ron’  hand  a  though de perate to free him elf. ‘It’  OK, Scabber !’  aid Ron. ‘No cat ! There’  nothing here to hurt you!’ Hagrid  uddenly  tood up, hi  eye  fixed on the window. Hi  normally ruddy face had gone the colour of parchment. ‘They’re comin’ …’ Harry, Ron and Hermione whipped around. A group of men wa  walking down the di tant ca tle  tep . In front wa  Albu  Dumbledore, hi   ilver beard gleaming in the dying  un. Next to him trotted Corneliu  Fudge. Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner, Macnair. ‘Yeh gotta go,’  aid Hagrid. Every inch of him wa  trembling. ‘They mu tn’ find yeh here … go on, now …’ Ron  tuffed Scabber  into hi  pocket and Hermione picked up the Cloak. ‘I’ll let yeh out the back way,’  aid Hagrid. They followed him to the door into hi  back garden. Harry felt  trangely unreal, and even more  o when he  aw Buckbeak a few yard  away, tethered to a tree behind Hagrid’  pumpkin patch. Buckbeak  eemed to know  omething wa  happening. He turned hi   harp head from  ide to  ide, and pawed the ground nervou ly. ‘It’  OK, Beaky,’  aid Hagrid  oftly. ‘It’  OK …’ He turned to Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘Go on,’ he  aid. ‘Get going!’ But they didn’t move. ‘Hagrid, we can’t –’ ‘We’ll tell them what really happened –’ ‘They can’t kill him –’ ‘Go!’  aid Hagrid fiercely. ‘It’  bad enough without you lot in trouble an’ all!’ They had no choice. A  Hermione threw the Cloak over Harry and Ron, they heard voice  at the front of the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where they had ju t vani hed from  ight. ‘Go quick,’ he  aid hoar ely. ‘Don’ li ten …’ And he  trode back into hi  cabin a   omeone knocked at the front door. Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron and Hermione  et off  ilently around Hagrid’  hou e. A  they reached the other  ide, the front door clo ed with a  harp  nap. ‘Plea e, let’  hurry,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘I can’t  tand it, I can’t bear it …’ They  tarted up the  loping lawn toward  the ca tle. The  un wa   inking fa t now; the  ky had turned to a clear, purple-tinged grey, but to the we t there wa  a ruby-red glow. Ron  topped dead. ‘Oh, plea e, Ron,’ Hermione began. ‘It’  Scabber  – he won’t –  tay put –’ Ron wa  bent over, trying to keep Scabber  in hi  pocket, but the rat wa  going ber erk;  queaking madly, twi ting and flailing, trying to  ink hi  teeth into Ron’  hand. ‘Scabber , it’  me, you idiot, it’  Ron,’ Ron hi ed. They heard a door open behind them and men’  voice . ‘Oh Ron, plea e let’  move, they’re going to do it!’ Hermione breathed. ‘OK – Scabber ,  tay put –’ They walked forward ; Harry, like Hermione, wa  trying not to li ten to the rumble of voice  behind them. Ron  topped again. ‘I can’t hold him – Scabber ,  hut up, everyone’ll hear u  –’ The rat wa   quealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the  ound  drifting from Hagrid’  garden. There wa  a jumble of indi tinct male voice , a  ilence and then, without warning, the unmi takeable  wi h and thud of an axe. Hermione  wayed on the  pot. ‘They did it!’  he whi pered to Harry. ‘I d-don’t believe it – they did it!’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER SEVENTEEN Cat, Rat and Dog Harry’  mind had gone blank with  hock. The three of them  tood tran fixed with horror under the Invi ibility Cloak. The very la t ray  of the  etting  un were ca ting a bloody light over the long- hadowed ground . Then, behind them, they heard a wild howling. ‘Hagrid,’ Harry muttered. Without thinking about what he wa  doing, he made to turn back, but both Ron and Hermione  eized hi  arm . ‘We can’t,’  aid Ron, who wa  paper white. ‘He’ll be in wor e trouble if they know we’ve been to  ee him …’ Hermione’  breathing wa   hallow and uneven. ‘How – could – they?’  he choked. ‘How could they?’ ‘Come on,’  aid Ron, who e teeth  eemed to be chattering. They  et off back toward  the ca tle, walking  lowly to keep them elve  hidden under the Cloak. Light wa  fading fa t now. By the time they reached open ground, darkne  wa   ettling like a  pell around them. ‘Scabber , keep  till,’ Ron hi ed, clamping hi  hand over hi  che t. The rat wa  wriggling madly. Ron came to a  udden halt, trying to force Scabber  deeper into hi  pocket. ‘What’  the matter with you, you  tupid rat? Stay  till – OUCH! He bit me!’ ‘Ron, be quiet!’ Hermione whi pered urgently. ‘Fudge’ll be out here in a minute –’ ‘He won’t –  tay – put –’ Scabber  wa  plainly terrified. He wa  writhing with all hi  might, trying to break free of Ron’  grip. ‘What’  the matter with him?’ But Harry had ju t  een –  linking toward  them, hi  body low to the ground, wide yellow eye  glinting eerily in the darkne  – Crook hank . Whether he could  ee them, or wa  following the  ound of Scabber ’   queak , Harry couldn’t tell. ‘Crook hank !’ Hermione moaned. ‘No, go away, Crook hank ! Go away!’ But the cat wa  getting nearer – ‘Scabber  – NO!’ Too late – the rat had  lipped between Ron’  clutching finger , hit the ground and  campered away. In one bound, Crook hank   prang after him, and before Harry or Hermione could  top him, Ron had thrown the Invi ibility Cloak off him elf and pelted away into the darkne . ‘Ron!’ Hermione moaned. She and Harry looked at each other, then followed at a  print; it wa  impo ible to run full out under the Cloak; they pulled it off and it  treamed behind them like a banner a  they hurtled after Ron; they could hear hi  feet thundering along ahead, and hi   hout  at Crook hank . ‘Get away from him – get away – Scabber , come here –’ There wa  a loud thud. ‘Gotcha! Get off, you  tinking cat –’ Harry and Hermione almo t fell over Ron; they  kidded to a  top right in front of him. He wa   prawled on the ground, but Scabber  wa  back in hi  pocket; he had both hand  held tight over the quivering lump. ‘Ron – come on – back under the Cloak –’ Hermione panted. ‘Dumbledore – the Mini ter – they’ll be coming back out in a minute –’ But before they could cover them elve  again, before they could even catch their breath, they heard the  oft pounding of gigantic paw . Something wa  bounding toward  them out of the dark – an enormou , pale-eyed, jet-black dog. Harry reached for hi  wand, but too late – the dog had made an enormou  leap and it  front paw  hit him on the che t. He keeled over backward  in a whirl of hair; he felt it  hot breath,  aw inch-long teeth – But the force of it  leap had carried it too far; it rolled off him; dazed, feeling a  though hi  rib  were broken, Harry tried to  tand up; he could hear it growling a  it  kidded around for a new attack. Ron wa  on hi  feet. A  the dog  prang back toward  them, he pu hed Harry a ide; the dog’  jaw  fa tened in tead around Ron’  out tretched arm. Harry lunged at it and  eized a handful of the brute’  hair, but it wa  dragging Ron away a  ea ily a  if he were a rag-doll – Then, out of nowhere,  omething hit Harry  o hard acro  the face he wa  knocked off hi  feet again. He heard Hermione  hriek with pain and fall, too. Harry groped for hi  wand, blinking blood out of hi  eye  – ‘Lumo !’ he whi pered. The wand-light  howed him the trunk of a thick tree; they had cha ed Scabber  into the  hadow of the Whomping Willow and it  branche  were creaking a  though in a high wind, whipping backward  and forward  to  top them going nearer. And there, at the ba e of the trunk, wa  the dog, dragging Ron backward  into a large gap in the root  – Ron wa  fighting furiou ly, but hi  head and tor o were  lipping out of  ight – ‘Ron!’ Harry  houted, trying to follow, but a heavy branch whipped lethally through the air and he wa  forced backward  again. All they could  ee now wa  one of Ron’  leg , which he had hooked around a root in an effort to  top the dog pulling him further underground. Then a horrible crack cut the air like a gun hot; Ron’  leg had broken, and next  econd, hi  foot had vani hed from  ight. ‘Harry – we’ve got to go for help –’ Hermione cried;  he wa  bleeding too; the Willow had cut her acro  the  houlder. ‘No! That thing’  big enough to eat him, we haven’t got time –’ ‘We’re never going to get through without help –’ Another branch whipped down at them, twig  clenched like knuckle . ‘If that dog can get in, we can,’ Harry panted, darting here and there, trying to find a way through the viciou ,  wi hing branche , but he couldn’t get an inch nearer to the tree-root  without being in range of the tree’  blow . ‘Oh, help, help,’ Hermione whi pered frantically, dancing uncertainly on the  pot, ‘plea e …’ Crook hank  darted forward . He  lithered between the battering branche  like a  nake and placed hi  front paw  upon a knot on the trunk. Abruptly, a  though the tree had been turned to marble, it  topped moving. Not a leaf twitched or  hook. ‘Crook hank !’ Hermione whi pered uncertainly. She now gra ped Harry’  arm painfully hard. ‘How did he know –?’ ‘He’  friend  with that dog,’  aid Harry grimly. ‘I’ve  een them together. Come on – and keep your wand out –’ They covered the di tance to the trunk in  econd , but before they had reached the gap in the root , Crook hank  had  lid into it with a flick of hi  bottle-bru h tail. Harry went next; he crawled forward , headfir t, and  lid down an earthy  lope to the bottom of a very low tunnel. Crook hank  wa  a little way along, hi  eye  fla hing in the light from Harry’  wand. Second  later, Hermione  lithered down be ide him. ‘Where’  Ron?’  he whi pered in a terrified voice. ‘Thi  way,’  aid Harry,  etting off, bent-backed, after Crook hank . ‘Where doe  thi  tunnel come out?’ Hermione a ked breathle ly from behind him. ‘I don’t know … it’  marked on the Marauder’  Map but Fred and George  aid no one’  ever got into it. It goe  off the edge of the map, but it looked like it end  up in Hog meade …’ They moved a  fa t a  they could, bent almo t double; ahead of them, Crook hank ’  tail bobbed in and out of view. On and on went the pa age; it felt at lea t a  long a  the one to Honeyduke . All Harry could think of wa  Ron, and what the enormou  dog might be doing to him … he wa  drawing breath in  harp, painful ga p , running at a crouch … And then the tunnel began to ri e; moment  later it twi ted, and Crook hank  had gone. In tead, Harry could  ee a patch of dim light through a  mall opening. He and Hermione pau ed, ga ping for breath, edging forward . Both rai ed their wand  to  ee what lay beyond. It wa  a room, a very di ordered, du ty room. Paper wa  peeling from the wall ; there were  tain  all over the floor; every piece of furniture wa  broken a  though  omebody had  ma hed it. The window  were all boarded-up. Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked very frightened, but nodded. Harry pulled him elf out of the hole,  taring around. The room wa  de erted, but a door to their right  tood open, leading to a  hadowy hallway. Hermione  uddenly grabbed Harry’  arm again. Her wide eye  were travelling around the boarded window . ‘Harry,’  he whi pered. ‘I think we’re in the Shrieking Shack.’ Harry looked around. Hi  eye  fell on a wooden chair near them. Large chunk  had been torn out of it; one of the leg  had been ripped off entirely. ‘Gho t  didn’t do that,’ he  aid  lowly. At that moment, there wa  a creak overhead. Something had moved up tair . Both of them looked up at the ceiling. Hermione’  grip on Harry’  arm wa   o tight he wa  lo ing feeling in hi  finger . He rai ed hi  eyebrow  at her;  he nodded again and let go. Quietly a  they could, they crept out into the hall and up the crumbling  tairca e. Everything wa  covered in a thick layer of du t except the floor, where a wide,  hiny  tripe had been made by  omething being dragged up tair . They reached the dark landing. ‘Nox,’ they whi pered together, and the light  at the end of their wand  went out. Only one door wa  open. A  they crept toward  it, they heard movement from behind it; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. They exchanged a la t look, a la t nod. Wand held tightly before him, Harry kicked the door wide open. On a magnificent four-po ter bed with du ty hanging  lay Crook hank , purring loudly at the  ight of them. On the floor be ide him, clutching hi  leg, which  tuck out at a  trange angle, wa  Ron. Harry and Hermione da hed acro  to him. ‘Ron – are you OK?’ ‘Where’  the dog?’ ‘Not a dog,’ Ron moaned. Hi  teeth were gritted with pain. ‘Harry it’  a trap –’ ‘What –’ ‘He’  the dog … he’  an Animagu  …’ Ron wa   taring over Harry’   houlder. Harry wheeled around. With a  nap, the man in the  hadow  clo ed the door behind them. A ma  of filthy, matted hair hung to hi  elbow . If eye  hadn’t been  hining out of the deep, dark  ocket , he might have been a corp e. The waxy  kin wa   tretched  o tightly over the bone  of hi  face, it looked like a  kull. Hi  yellow teeth were bared in a grin. It wa  Siriu  Black. ‘Expelliarmu !’ he croaked, pointing Ron’  wand at them. Harry and Hermione’  wand   hot out of their hand , high in the air, and Black caught them. Then he took a  tep clo er. Hi  eye  were fixed on Harry. ‘I thought you’d come and help your friend,’ he  aid hoar ely. Hi  voice  ounded a  though he had long ago lo t the habit of u ing it. ‘Your father would have done the  ame for me. Brave of you, not to run for a teacher. I’m grateful … it will make everything much ea ier …’ The taunt about hi  father rang in Harry’  ear  a  though Black had bellowed it. A boiling hate erupted in Harry’  che t, leaving no place for fear. For the fir t time in hi  life, he wanted hi  wand back in hi  hand, not to defend him elf, but to attack … to kill. Without knowing what he wa  doing, he  tarted forward , but there wa  a  udden movement on either  ide of him and two pair  of hand  grabbed him and held him back. ‘No, Harry!’ Hermione ga ped in a petrified whi per; Ron, however,  poke to Black. ‘If you want to kill Harry, you’ll have to kill u , too!’ he  aid fiercely, though the effort of  tanding up had drained him of  till more colour, and he  wayed  lightly a  he  poke. Something flickered in Black’   hadowed eye . ‘Lie down,’ he  aid quietly to Ron. ‘You will damage that leg even more.’ ‘Did you hear me?’ Ron  aid weakly, though he wa  clinging painfully to Harry to  tay upright. ‘You’ll have to kill all three of u !’ ‘There’ll only be one murder here tonight,’  aid Black, and hi  grin widened. ‘Why’  that?’ Harry  pat, trying to wrench him elf free of Ron and Hermione. ‘Didn’t care la t time, did you? Didn’t mind  laughtering all tho e Muggle  to get at Pettigrew … What’  the matter, gone  oft in Azkaban?’ ‘Harry!’ Hermione whimpered. ‘Be quiet!’ ‘HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD!’ Harry roared, and with a huge effort he broke free of Hermione and Ron’  re traint and lunged forward  – He had forgotten about magic – he had forgotten that he wa   hort and  kinny and thirteen, wherea  Black wa  a tall, full-grown man. All Harry knew wa  that he wanted to hurt Black a  badly a  he could and that he didn’t care how much he got hurt in return … Perhap  it wa  the  hock of Harry doing  omething  o  tupid, but Black didn’t rai e the wand  in time. One of Harry’  hand  fa tened over Black’  wa ted wri t, forcing the wandtip  away; the knuckle  of Harry’  other hand collided with the  ide of Black’  head and they fell, backward , into the wall – Hermione wa   creaming; Ron wa  yelling; there wa  a blinding fla h a  the wand  in Black’  hand  ent into the air a jet of  park  which mi ed Harry’  face by inche ; Harry felt the  hrunken arm under hi  finger  twi ting madly, but he clung on, hi  other hand punching every part of Black it could find. But Black’  free hand had found Harry’  throat – ‘No,’ he hi ed. ‘I’ve waited too long –’ The finger  tightened, Harry choked, hi  gla e  a kew. Then he  aw Hermione’  foot  wing out of nowhere. Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain. Ron had thrown him elf on Black’  wand hand and Harry heard a faint clatter – He fought free of the tangle of bodie  and  aw hi  own wand rolling acro  the floor; he threw him elf toward  it but – ‘Argh!’ Crook hank  had joined the fray; both  et  of front claw  had  unk them elve  deep into Harry’  arm; Harry threw him off, but Crook hank  now darted toward  Harry’  wand – ‘NO YOU DON’T!’ roared Harry, and he aimed a kick at Crook hank  that made the cat leap a ide,  pitting; Harry  natched up hi  wand and turned – ‘Get out of the way!’ he  houted at Ron and Hermione. They didn’t need telling twice. Hermione, ga ping for breath, her lip bleeding,  crambled a ide,  natching up her and Ron’  wand . Ron crawled to the four-po ter and collap ed onto it, panting, hi  white face now tinged with green, both hand  clutching hi  broken leg. Black wa   prawled at the bottom of the wall. Hi  thin che t ro e and fell rapidly a  he watched Harry walking  lowly nearer, hi  wand pointing  traight at Black’  heart. ‘Going to kill me, Harry?’ he whi pered. Harry  topped right above him, hi  wand  till pointing at Black’  che t, looking down at him. A livid brui e wa  ri ing around Black’  left eye and hi  no e wa  bleeding. ‘You killed my parent ,’  aid Harry, hi  voice  haking  lightly, but hi  wand hand quite  teady. Black  tared up at him out of tho e  unken eye . ‘I don’t deny it,’ he  aid, very quietly. ‘But if you knew the whole  tory –’ ‘The whole  tory?’ Harry repeated, a furiou  pounding in hi  ear . ‘You  old them to Voldemort, that’  all I need to know!’ ‘You’ve got to li ten to me,’ Black  aid, and there wa  a note of urgency in hi  voice now. ‘You’ll regret it if you don’t … you don’t under tand …’ ‘I under tand a lot better than you think,’  aid Harry, and hi  voice  hook more than ever. ‘You never heard her, did you? My mum … trying to  top Voldemort killing me … and you did that … you did it …’ Before either of them could  ay another word,  omething ginger  treaked pa t Harry; Crook hank  leapt onto Black’  che t, and  ettled him elf there, right over Black’  heart. Black blinked and looked down at the cat. ‘Get off,’ he murmured, trying to pu h Crook hank  off him. But Crook hank   ank hi  claw  into Black’  robe  and wouldn’t  hift. He turned hi  ugly,  qua hed face to Harry, and looked up at him with tho e great yellow eye . To hi  right, Hermione gave a dry  ob. Harry  tared down at Black and Crook hank , hi  grip tightening on the wand. So what if he had to kill the cat, too? It wa  in league with Black … if it wa  prepared to die, trying to protect Black, that wa n’t Harry’  bu ine  … if Black wanted to  ave it, that only proved he cared more for Crook hank  than Harry’  parent  … Harry rai ed the wand. Now wa  the moment to do it. Now wa  the moment to avenge hi  mother and father. He wa  going to kill Black. He had to kill Black. Thi  wa  hi  chance … The  econd  lengthened, and  till Harry  tood frozen there, wand poi ed, Black  taring up at him, Crook hank  on hi  che t. Ron’  ragged breathing came from near the bed; Hermione wa  quite  ilent. And then came a new  ound – Muffled foot tep  were echoing up through the floor –  omeone wa  moving down tair . ‘WE’RE UP HERE!’ Hermione  creamed  uddenly. ‘WE’RE UP HERE – SIRIUS BLACK – QUICK!’ Black made a  tartled movement that almo t di lodged Crook hank ; Harry gripped hi  wand convul ively – Do it now!  aid a voice in hi  head – but the foot tep  were thundering up the  tair  and Harry  till hadn’t done it. The door of the room bur t open in a  hower of red  park  and Harry wheeled around a  Profe or Lupin came hurtling into the room, hi  face bloodle , hi  wand rai ed and ready. Hi  eye  flickered over Ron, lying on the floor, over Hermione, cowering next to the door, to Harry,  tanding there with hi  wand covering Black, and then to Black him elf, crumpled and bleeding at Harry’  feet. ‘Expelliarmu !’ Lupin  houted. Harry’  wand flew once more out of hi  hand;  o did the two Hermione wa  holding. Lupin caught them all deftly, then moved into the room,  taring at Black, who  till had Crook hank  lying protectively acro  hi  che t. Harry  tood there, feeling  uddenly empty. He hadn’t done it. Hi  nerve had failed him. Black wa  going to be handed back to the Dementor . Then Lupin  poke, in an odd voice, a voice that  hook with  ome  uppre ed emotion. ‘Where i  he, Siriu ?’ Harry looked quickly at Lupin. He didn’t under tand what Lupin meant. Who wa  Lupin talking about? He turned to look at Black again. Black’  face wa  quite expre ionle . For a few  econd , he didn’t move at all. Then, very  lowly, he rai ed hi  empty hand, and pointed  traight at Ron. My tified, Harry glanced around at Ron, who looked bewildered. ‘But then …’ Lupin muttered,  taring at Black  o intently it  eemed he wa  trying to read hi  mind, ‘… why ha n’t he  hown him elf before now? Unle  –’ Lupin’  eye   uddenly widened, a  though he wa   eeing  omething beyond Black,  omething none of the re t could  ee, ‘– unle  he wa  the one … unle  you  witched … without telling me?’ Very  lowly, hi   unken gaze never leaving Lupin’  face, Black nodded. ‘Profe or Lupin,’ Harry interrupted loudly, ‘what’  going –?’ But he never fini hed the que tion, becau e what he  aw made hi  voice die in hi  throat. Lupin wa  lowering hi  wand. Next moment, he had walked to Black’   ide,  eized hi  hand, pulled him to hi  feet  o that Crook hank  fell to the floor, and embraced Black like a brother. Harry felt a  though the bottom had dropped out of hi   tomach. ‘I DON’T BELIEVE IT!’ Hermione  creamed. Lupin let go of Black and turned to her. She had rai ed her elf off the floor, and wa  pointing at Lupin, wild-eyed. ‘You – you –’ ‘Hermione –’ ‘–you and him!’ ‘Hermione, calm down –’ ‘I didn’t tell anyone!’ Hermione  hrieked. ‘I’ve been covering up for you –’ ‘Hermione, li ten to me, plea e!’ Lupin  houted. ‘I can explain –’ Harry could feel him elf  haking, not with fear, but with a fre h wave of fury. ‘I tru ted you,’ he  houted at Lupin, hi  voice wavering out of control, ‘and all the time you’ve been hi  friend!’ ‘You’re wrong,’  aid Lupin. ‘I haven’t been Siriu ’  friend for twelve year , but I am now … let me explain …’ ‘NO!’ Hermione  creamed, ‘Harry, don’t tru t him, he’  been helping Black get into the ca tle, he want  you dead too – he’  a werewolf!’ There wa  a ringing  ilence. Everyone’  eye  were now on Lupin, who looked remarkably calm, though rather pale. ‘Not at all up to your u ual  tandard, Hermione,’ he  aid. ‘Only one out of three, I’m afraid. I have not been helping Siriu  get into the ca tle and I certainly don’t want Harry dead …’ An odd  hiver pa ed over hi  face. ‘But I won’t deny that I am a werewolf.’ Ron made a valiant effort to get up again, but fell back with a whimper of pain. Lupin made toward  him, looking concerned, but Ron ga ped, ‘Get away from me, werewolf!’ Lupin  topped dead. Then, with an obviou  effort, he turned to Hermione and  aid, ‘How long have you known?’ ‘Age ,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘Since I did Profe or Snape’  e ay …’ ‘He’ll be delighted,’  aid Lupin coolly. ‘He  et that e ay hoping  omeone would reali e what my  ymptom  meant. Did you check the lunar chart and reali e that I wa  alway  ill at the full moon? Or did you reali e that the Boggart changed into the moon when it  aw me?’ ‘Both,’ Hermione  aid quietly. Lupin forced a laugh. ‘You’re the clevere t witch of your age I’ve ever met, Hermione.’ ‘I’m not,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘If I’d been a bit cleverer, I’d have told everyone what you are!’ ‘But they already know,’  aid Lupin. ‘At lea t, the  taff do.’ ‘Dumbledore hired you when he knew you were a werewolf?’ Ron ga ped. ‘I  he mad?’ ‘Some of the  taff thought  o,’  aid Lupin. ‘He had to work very hard to convince certain teacher  that I’m tru tworthy –’ ‘AND HE WAS WRONG!’ Harry yelled. ‘YOU’VE BEEN HELPING HIM ALL THE TIME!’ He wa  pointing at Black, who had cro ed to the four-po ter bed and  unk onto it, hi  face hidden in one  haking hand. Crook hank  leapt up be ide him and  tepped onto hi  lap, purring. Ron edged away from both of them, dragging hi  leg. ‘I have not been helping Siriu ,’  aid Lupin. ‘If you’ll give me a chance, I’ll explain. Look –’ He  eparated Harry, Ron and Hermione’  wand  and threw each back to it  owner; Harry caught hi ,  tunned. ‘There,’  aid Lupin,  ticking hi  own wand back into hi  belt. ‘You’re armed, we’re not. Now will you li ten?’ Harry didn’t know what to think. Wa  it a trick? ‘If you haven’t been helping him,’ he  aid, with a furiou  glance at Black, ‘how did you know he wa  here?’ ‘The map,’  aid Lupin. ‘The Marauder’  Map. I wa  in my office examining it –’ ‘You know how to work it?’ Harry  aid  u piciou ly. ‘Of cour e I know how to work it,’  aid Lupin, waving hi  hand impatiently. ‘I helped write it. I’m Moony – that wa  my friend ’ nickname for me at  chool.’ ‘You wrote –?’ ‘The important thing i , I wa  watching it carefully thi  evening, becau e I had an idea that you, Ron and Hermione might try and  neak out of the ca tle to vi it Hagrid before hi  Hippogriff wa  executed. And I wa  right, wa n’t I?’ He had  tarted to pace up and down, looking at them. Little patche  of du t ro e at hi  feet. ‘You might have been wearing your father’  old Cloak, Harry –’ ‘How d’you know about the Cloak?’ ‘The number of time  I  aw Jame  di appearing under it …’  aid Lupin, waving an impatient hand again. ‘The point i , even if you’re wearing an Invi ibility Cloak you  how up on the Marauder’  Map. I watched you cro  the ground  and enter Hagrid’  hut. Twenty minute  later, you left Hagrid, and  et off back toward  the ca tle. But you were now accompanied by  omebody el e.’ ‘What?’  aid Harry. ‘No, we weren’t!’ ‘I couldn’t believe my eye ,’  aid Lupin,  till pacing, and ignoring Harry’  interruption. ‘I thought the map mu t be malfunctioning. How could he be with you?’ ‘No one wa  with u !’  aid Harry. ‘And then I  aw another dot, moving fa t toward  you, labelled Siriu  Black … I  aw him collide with you, I watched a  he pulled two of you into the Whomping Willow –’ ‘One of u !’ Ron  aid angrily. ‘No, Ron,’  aid Lupin. ‘Two of you.’ He had  topped hi  pacing, hi  eye  moving over Ron. ‘Do you think I could have a look at the rat?’ he  aid evenly. ‘What?’  aid Ron. ‘What’  Scabber  got to do with it?’ ‘Everything,’  aid Lupin. ‘Could I  ee him, plea e?’ Ron he itated, then put a hand in ide hi  robe . Scabber  emerged, thra hing de perately; Ron had to  eize hi  long bald tail to  top him e caping. Crook hank   tood up on Black’  lap and made a  oft hi ing noi e. Lupin moved clo er to Ron. He  eemed to be holding hi  breath a  he gazed intently at Scabber . ‘What?’ Ron  aid again, holding Scabber  clo e to him, looking  cared. ‘What’  my rat got to do with anything?’ ‘That’  not a rat,’ croaked Siriu  Black  uddenly. ‘What d’you mean – of cour e he’  a rat –’ ‘No, he’  not,’  aid Lupin quietly. ‘He’  a wizard.’ ‘An Animagu ,’  aid Black, ‘by the name of Peter Pettigrew.’ Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER EIGHTEEN Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong  It took a few  econd  for the ab urdity of thi   tatement to  ink in. Then Ron voiced what Harry wa  thinking. ‘You’re both mental.’ ‘Ridiculou !’  aid Hermione faintly. ‘Peter Pettigrew’  dead!’  aid Harry. ‘He killed him twelve year  ago!’ He pointed at Black, who e face twitched convul ively. ‘I meant to,’ he growled, hi  yellow teeth bared, ‘but little Peter got the better of me … not thi  time, though!’ And Crook hank  wa  thrown to the floor a  Black lunged at Scabber ; Ron yelled with pain a  Black’  weight fell on hi  broken leg. ‘Siriu , NO!’ Lupin yelled, launching him elf forward  and dragging Black away from Ron again, ‘WAIT! You can’t do it ju t like that – they need to under tand – we’ve got to explain –’ ‘We can explain afterward !’  narled Black, trying to throw Lupin off, one hand  till clawing the air a  it tried to reach Scabber , who wa   quealing like a piglet,  cratching Ron’  face and neck a  he tried to e cape. ‘They’ve – got – a – right – to – know – everything!’ Lupin panted,  till trying to re train Black. ‘Ron’  kept him a  a pet! There are part  of it even I don’t under tand! And Harry – you owe Harry the truth, Siriu !’ Black  topped  truggling, though hi  hollowed eye  were  till fixed on Scabber , who wa  clamped tightly under Ron’  bitten,  cratched and bleeding hand . ‘All right, then,’ Black  aid, without taking hi  eye  off the rat. ‘Tell them whatever you like. But make it quick, Remu . I want to commit the murder I wa  impri oned for …’ ‘You’re nutter , both of you,’  aid Ron  hakily, looking round at Harry and Hermione for  upport. ‘I’ve had enough of thi . I’m off.’ He tried to heave him elf up on hi  good leg, but Lupin rai ed hi  wand again, pointing it at Scabber . ‘You’re going to hear me out, Ron,’ he  aid quietly. ‘Ju t keep a tight hold on Peter while you li ten.’ ‘HE’S NOT PETER, HE’S SCABBERS!’ Ron yelled, trying to force the rat back into hi  front pocket, but Scabber  wa  fighting too hard; Ron  wayed and overbalanced, and Harry caught him and pu hed him back down to the bed. Then, ignoring Black, Harry turned to Lupin. ‘There were witne e  who  aw Pettigrew die,’ he  aid. ‘A whole  treet full of them …’ ‘They didn’t  ee what they thought they  aw!’  aid Black  avagely,  till watching Scabber   truggling in Ron’  hand . ‘Everyone thought Siriu  killed Peter,’  aid Lupin, nodding. ‘I believed it my elf – until I  aw the map tonight. Becau e the Marauder’  Map never lie  … Peter’  alive. Ron’  holding him, Harry.’ Harry looked down at Ron, and a  their eye  met they agreed,  ilently: Black and Lupin were both out of their mind . Their  tory made no  en e what oever. How could Scabber  be Peter Pettigrew? Azkaban mu t have unhinged Black after all – but why wa  Lupin playing along with him? Then Hermione  poke, in a trembling, would-be calm  ort of voice, a  though trying to will Profe or Lupin to talk  en ibly. ‘But Profe or Lupin … Scabber  can’t be Pettigrew … it ju t can’t be true, you know it can’t …’ ‘Why can’t it be true?’ Lupin  aid calmly, a  though they were in cla , and Hermione had  imply  potted a problem in an experiment with Grindylow . ‘Becau e … becau e people would know if Peter Pettigrew had been an Animagu . We did Animagi in cla  with Profe or McGonagall. And I looked them up when I did my homework – the Mini try keep  tab  on witche  and wizard  who can become animal ; there’  a regi ter  howing what animal they become, and their marking  and thing  … and I went and looked Profe or McGonagall up on the regi ter, and there have only been  even Animagi thi  century, and Pettigrew’  name wa n’t on the li t –’ Harry barely had time to marvel inwardly at the effort Hermione put into her homework, when Lupin  tarted to laugh. ‘Right again, Hermione!’ he  aid. ‘But the Mini try never knew that there u ed to be three unregi tered Animagi running around Hogwart .’ ‘If you’re going to tell them the  tory, get a move on, Remu ,’  narled Black, who wa   till watching Scabber ’  every de perate move. ‘I’ve waited twelve year , I’m not going to wait much longer.’ ‘All right … but you’ll need to help me, Siriu ,’  aid Lupin, ‘I only know how it began …’ Lupin broke off. There had been a loud creak behind him. The bedroom door had opened of it  own accord. All five of them  tared at it. Then Lupin  trode toward  it and looked out into the landing. ‘No one there …’ ‘Thi  place i  haunted!’  aid Ron. ‘It’  not,’  aid Lupin,  till looking at the door in a puzzled way. ‘The Shrieking Shack wa  never haunted … the  cream  and howl  the villager  u ed to hear were made by me.’ He pu hed hi  greying hair out of hi  eye , thought for a moment, then  aid, ‘That’  where all of thi   tart  – with my becoming a werewolf. None of thi  could have happened if I hadn’t been bitten … and if I hadn’t been  o foolhardy …’ He looked  ober and tired. Ron  tarted to interrupt, but Hermione  aid, ‘Shh!’ She wa  watching Lupin very intently. ‘I wa  a very  mall boy when I received the bite. My parent  tried everything, but in tho e day  there wa  no cure. The Potion that Profe or Snape ha  been making for me i  a very recent di covery. It make  me  afe, you  ee. A  long a  I take it in the week preceding the full moon, I keep my mind when I tran form … I am able to curl up in my office, a harmle  wolf, and wait for the moon to wane again. ‘Before the Wolf bane Potion wa  di covered, however, I became a fully fledged mon ter once a month. It  eemed impo ible that I would be able to come to Hogwart . Other parent  weren’t likely to want their children expo ed to me. ‘But then Dumbledore became Headma ter, and he wa   ympathetic. He  aid that, a  long a  we took certain precaution , there wa  no rea on I  houldn’t come to  chool …’ Lupin  ighed, and looked directly at Harry. ‘I told you, month  ago, that the Whomping Willow wa  planted the year I came to Hogwart . The truth i  that it wa  planted becau e I had come to Hogwart . Thi  hou e –’ Lupin looked mi erably around the room, ‘– the tunnel that lead  to it – they were built for my u e. Once a month, I wa   muggled out of the ca tle, into thi  place, to tran form. The tree wa  placed at the tunnel mouth to  top anyone coming acro  me while I wa  dangerou .’ Harry couldn’t  ee where thi   tory wa  going, but he wa  li tening raptly all the  ame. The only  ound apart from Lupin’  voice wa  Scabber ’  frightened  queaking. ‘My tran formation  in tho e day  were – were terrible. It i  very painful to turn into a werewolf. I wa   eparated from human  to bite,  o I bit and  cratched my elf in tead. The villager  heard the noi e and the  creaming and thought they were hearing particularly violent  pirit . Dumbledore encouraged the rumour … even now, when the hou e ha  been  ilent for year , the villager  don’t dare approach it … ‘But apart from my tran formation , I wa  happier than I had ever been in my life. For the fir t time ever, I had friend , three great friend . Siriu  Black … Peter Pettigrew … and, of cour e, your father, Harry – Jame  Potter. ‘Now, my three friend  could hardly fail to notice that I di appeared once a month. I made up all  ort  of  torie . I told them my mother wa  ill, and that I had to go home to  ee her … I wa  terrified they would de ert me the moment they found out what I wa . But of cour e, they, like you, Hermione, worked out the truth … ‘And they didn’t de ert me at all. In tead they did  omething for me that would make my tran formation  not only bearable, but the be t time  of my life. They became Animagi.’ ‘My dad, too?’  aid Harry, a tounded. ‘Ye , indeed,’  aid Lupin. ‘It took them the be t part of three year  to work out how to do it. Your father and Siriu  here were the clevere t  tudent  in the  chool, and lucky they were, becau e the Animagu  tran formation can go horribly wrong – one rea on the Mini try keep  a clo e watch on tho e attempting to do it. Peter needed all the help he could get from Jame  and Siriu . Finally, in our fifth year, they managed it. They could each turn into a different animal at will.’ ‘But how did that help you?’  aid Hermione,  ounding puzzled. ‘They couldn’t keep me company a  human ,  o they kept me company a  animal ,’  aid Lupin. ‘A werewolf i  only a danger to people. They  neaked out of the ca tle every month under Jame ’  Invi ibility Cloak. They tran formed … Peter, a  the  malle t, could  lip beneath the Willow’  attacking branche  and touch the knot that freeze  it. They would then  lip down the tunnel and join me. Under their influence, I became le  dangerou . My body wa   till wolfi h, but my mind  eemed to become le   o while I wa  with them.’ ‘Hurry up, Remu ,’  narled Black, who wa   till watching Scabber  with a horrible  ort of hunger in hi  face. ‘I’m getting there, Siriu , I’m getting there … well, highly exciting po ibilitie  were open to u  now we could all tran form. Soon we were leaving the Shrieking Shack and roaming the  chool ground  and the village by night. Siriu  and Jame  tran formed into  uch large animal , they were able to keep a werewolf in check. I doubt whether any Hogwart   tudent  ever found out more about the Hogwart  ground  and Hog meade than we did … And that’  how we came to write the Marauder’  Map, and  ign it with our nickname . Siriu  i  Padfoot. Peter i  Wormtail. Jame  wa  Prong .’ ‘What  ort of animal –?’ Harry began, but Hermione cut acro  him. ‘That wa   till really dangerou ! Running around in the dark with a werewolf! What if you’d given the other  the  lip, and bitten  omebody?’ ‘A thought that  till haunt  me,’  aid Lupin heavily. ‘And there were near mi e , many of them. We laughed about them afterward . We were young, thoughtle  – carried away with our own cleverne .’ ‘I  ometime  felt guilty about betraying Dumbledore’  tru t, of cour e … he had admitted me to Hogwart  when no other headma ter would have done  o, and he had no idea I wa  breaking the rule  he had  et down for my own and other ’  afety. He never knew I had led three fellow  tudent  into becoming Animagi illegally. But I alway  managed to forget my guilty feeling  every time we  at down to plan our next month’  adventure. And I haven’t changed …’ Lupin’  face had hardened, and there wa   elf-digu t in hi  voice. ‘All thi  year, I have been battling with my elf, wondering whether I  hould tell Dumbledore that Siriu  wa  an Animagu . But I didn’t do it. Why? Becau e I wa  too cowardly. It would have meant admitting that I’d betrayed hi  tru t while I wa  at  chool, admitting that I’d led other  along with me … and Dumbledore’  tru t ha  meant everything to me. He let me into Hogwart  a  a boy, and he gave me a job, when I have been  hunned all my adult life, unable to find paid work becau e of what I am. And  o I convinced my elf that Siriu  wa  getting into the  chool u ing dark art  he learned from Voldemort, that being an Animagu  had nothing to do with it …  o, in a way, Snape’  been right about me all along.’ ‘Snape?’  aid Black har hly, taking hi  eye  off Scabber  for the fir t time in minute  and looking up at Lupin. ‘What’  Snape got to do with it?’ ‘He’  here, Siriu ,’  aid Lupin heavily. ‘He’  teaching here a  well.’ He looked up at Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘Profe or Snape wa  at  chool with u . He fought very hard again t my appointment to the Defence Again t the Dark Art  job. He ha  been telling Dumbledore all year that I am not to be tru ted. He ha  hi  rea on  … you  ee, Siriu  here played a trick on him which nearly killed him, a trick which involved me –’ Black made a deri ive noi e. ‘It  erved him right,’ he  neered. ‘Sneaking around, trying to find out what we were up to … hoping he could get u  expelled …’ ‘Severu  wa  very intere ted in where I went every month,’ Lupin told Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘We were in the  ame year, you know, and we – er – didn’t like each other very much. He e pecially di liked Jame . Jealou , I think, of Jame ’  talent on the Quidditch pitch … anyway, Snape had  een me cro ing the ground  with Madam Pomfrey one evening a   he led me toward  the Whomping Willow to tran form. Siriu  thought it would be – er – amu ing, to tell Snape all he had to do wa  prod the knot on the tree-trunk with a long  tick, and he’d be able to get in after me. Well, of cour e, Snape tried it – if he’d got a  far a  thi  hou e, he’d have met a fully grown werewolf – but your father, who’d heard what Siriu  had done, went after Snape and pulled him back, at great ri k to hi  life … Snape glimp ed me, though, at the end of the tunnel. He wa  forbidden to tell anybody by Dumbledore, but from that time on he knew what I wa  …’ ‘So that’  why Snape doe n’t like you,’  aid Harry  lowly, ‘becau e he thought you were in on the joke?’ ‘That’  right,’  neered a cold voice from the wall behind Lupin. Severu  Snape wa  pulling off the Invi ibility Cloak, hi  wand pointing directly at Lupin. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER NINETEEN The Servant of Lord Voldemort Hermione  creamed. Black leapt to hi  feet. Harry jumped a  though he’d received a huge electric  hock. ‘I found thi  at the ba e of the Whomping Willow,’  aid Snape, throwing the Cloak a ide, careful to keep hi  wand pointing directly at Lupin’  che t. ‘Very u eful, Potter, I thank you …’ Snape wa   lightly breathle , but hi  face wa  full of  uppre ed triumph. ‘You’re wondering, perhap , how I knew you were here?’ he  aid, hi  eye  glittering. ‘I’ve ju t been to your office, Lupin. You forgot to take your Potion tonight,  o I took a gobletful along. And very lucky I did … lucky for me, I mean. Lying on your de k wa  a certain map. One glance at it told me all I needed to know. I  aw you running along thi  pa ageway and out of  ight.’ ‘Severu  –’ Lupin began, but Snape overrode him. ‘I’ve told the Headma ter again and again that you’ve been helping your old friend Black into the ca tle, Lupin, and here’  the proof. Not even I dreamed you would have the nerve to u e thi  old place a  your hideout –’ ‘Severu , you’re making a mi take,’  aid Lupin urgently. ‘You haven’t heard everything – I can explain – Siriu  i  not here to kill Harry –’ ‘Two more for Azkaban tonight,’  aid Snape, hi  eye  now gleaming fanatically. ‘I  hall be intere ted to  ee how Dumbledore take  thi  … he wa  quite convinced you were harmle , you know, Lupin … a tame werewolf …’ ‘You fool,’  aid Lupin  oftly. ‘I  a  choolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back in ide Azkaban?’ BANG! Thin,  nake-like cord  bur t from the end of Snape’  wand and twi ted them elve  around Lupin’  mouth, wri t  and ankle ; he over-balanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage, Black  tarted toward  Snape, but Snape pointed hi  wand  traight between Black’  eye . ‘Give me a rea on,’ he whi pered. ‘Give me a rea on to do it, and I  wear I will.’ Black  topped dead. It would have been impo ible to  ay which face  howed more hatred. Harry  tood there, paraly ed, not knowing what to do or who to believe. He glanced around at Ron and Hermione. Ron looked ju t a  confu ed a  he did,  till fighting to keep hold of the  truggling Scabber . Hermione, however, took an uncertain  tep toward  Snape and  aid, in a very breathle  voice, ‘Profe or Snape – it – it wouldn’t hurt to hear what they’ve got to  ay, w-would it?’ ‘Mi  Granger, you are already facing  u pen ion from thi   chool,’ Snape  pat. ‘You, Potter and Wea ley are out of bound , in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life, hold your tongue.’ ‘But if – if there wa  a mi take –’ ‘KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!’ Snape  houted, looking  uddenly quite deranged. ‘DON’T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON’T UNDERSTAND!’ A few  park   hot out of the end of hi  wand, which wa   till pointing at Black’  face. Hermione fell  ilent. ‘Vengeance i  very  weet,’ Snape breathed at Black. ‘How I hoped I would be the one to catch you …’ ‘The joke’  on you again, Severu ,’  narled Black. ‘A  long a  thi  boy bring  hi  rat up to the ca tle –’ he jerked hi  head at Ron, ‘– I’ll come quietly …’ ‘Up to the ca tle?’  aid Snape  ilkily. ‘I don’t think we need to go that far. All I have to do i  call the Dementor  once we get out of the Willow. They’ll be very plea ed to  ee you, Black … plea ed enough to give you a little ki , I dare ay …’ What little colour there wa  in Black’  face left it. ‘You – you’ve got to hear me out,’ he croaked. ‘The rat – look at the rat –’ But there wa  a mad glint in Snape’  eye that Harry had never  een before. He  eemed beyond rea on. ‘Come on, all of you,’ he  aid. He clicked hi  finger , and the end  of the cord  that bound Lupin flew to hi  hand . ‘I’ll drag the werewolf. Perhap  the Dementor  will have a ki  for him, too –’ Before he knew what he wa  doing, Harry had cro ed the room in three  tride , and blocked the door. ‘Get out of the way, Potter, you’re in enough trouble already,’  narled Snape. ‘If I hadn’t been here to  ave your  kin –’ ‘Profe or Lupin could have killed me about a hundred time  thi  year,’ Harry  aid. ‘I’ve been alone with him load  of time , having defence le on  again t the Dementor . If he wa  helping Black, why didn’t he ju t fini h me off then?’ ‘Don’t a k me to fathom the way a werewolf’  mind work ,’ hi ed Snape. ‘Get out of the way, Potter.’ ‘YOU’RE PATHETIC!’ Harry yelled. ‘JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU WON’T EVEN LISTEN –’ ‘SILENCE! I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT!’ Snape  hrieked, looking madder than ever. ‘Like father, like  on, Potter! I have ju t  aved your neck, you  hould be thanking me on bended knee! You would have been well  erved if he’d killed you! You’d have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you might be mi taken in Black – now get out of the way, or I will make you, GET OUT OF THE WAY, POTTER!’ Harry made up hi  mind in a  plit  econd. Before Snape could take even one  tep toward  him, he had rai ed hi  wand. ‘Expelliarmu !’ he yelled – except that hi  wa n’t the only voice that  houted. There wa  a bla t that made the door rattle on it  hinge ; Snape wa  lifted off hi  feet and  lammed into the wall, then  lid down it to the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under hi  hair. He had been knocked out. Harry looked around. Both Ron and Hermione had tried to di arm Snape at exactly the  ame moment. Snape’  wand  oared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crook hank . ‘You  houldn’t have done that,’  aid Black, looking at Harry. ‘You  hould have left him to me …’ Harry avoided Black’  eye . He wa n’t  ure, even now, that he’d done the right thing. ‘We attacked a teacher … we attacked a teacher …’ Hermione whimpered,  taring at the lifele  Snape with frightened eye . ‘Oh, we’re going to be in  o much trouble –’ Lupin wa   truggling again t hi  bond . Black bent down quickly and untied him. Lupin  traightened up, rubbing hi  arm  where the rope  had cut into them. ‘Thank you, Harry,’ he  aid. ‘I’m  till not  aying I believe you,’ Harry retorted. ‘Then it’  time we offered you  ome proof,’  aid Black. ‘You, boy – give me Peter. Now.’ Ron clutched Scabber  clo er to hi  che t. ‘Come off it,’ he  aid weakly. ‘Are you trying to  ay you broke out of Azkaban ju t to get your hand  on Scabber ? I mean …’ he looked up at Harry and Hermione for  upport. ‘OK,  ay Pettigrew could turn into a rat – there are million  of rat  – how’  he  uppo ed to know which one he’  after if he wa  locked up in Azkaban?’ ‘You know, Siriu , that’  a fair que tion,’  aid Lupin, turning to Black and frowning  lightly. ‘How did you find out where he wa ?’ Black put one of hi  claw-like hand  in ide hi  robe  and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which he  moothed flat, and held out to  how the other . It wa  the photograph of Ron and hi  family that had appeared in the Daily Prophet the previou   ummer, and there, on Ron’   houlder, wa  Scabber . ‘How did you get thi ?’ Lupin a ked Black, thunder truck. ‘Fudge,’  aid Black. ‘When he came to in pect Azkaban la t year, he gave me hi  paper. And there wa  Peter, on the front page … on thi  boy’   houlder … I knew him at once … how many time  had I  een him tran form? And the caption  aid the boy would be going back to Hogwart  … to where Harry wa  …’ ‘My God,’  aid Lupin  oftly,  taring from Scabber  to the picture in the paper and back again. ‘Hi  front paw …’ ‘What about it?’  aid Ron defiantly. ‘He’  got a toe mi ing,’  aid Black. ‘Of cour e,’ Lupin breathed, ‘ o  imple …  o brilliant … He cut it off him elf?’ ‘Ju t before he tran formed,’  aid Black. ‘When I cornered him, he yelled for the whole  treet to hear that I’d betrayed Lily and Jame . Then, before I could cur e him, he blew apart the  treet with the wand behind hi  back, killed everyone within twenty feet of him elf – and  ped down into the  ewer with the other rat  …’ ‘Didn’t you ever hear, Ron?’  aid Lupin. ‘The bigge t bit of Peter they found wa  hi  finger.’ ‘Look, Scabber  probably had a fight with another rat or  omething! He’  been in my family for age , right –’ ‘Twelve year , in fact,’  aid Lupin. ‘Didn’t you ever wonder why he wa  living  o long?’ ‘We – we’ve been taking good care of him!’  aid Ron. ‘Not looking too good at the moment, though, i  he?’  aid Lupin. ‘I’d gue  he’  been lo ing weight ever  ince he heard Siriu  wa  on the loo e again …’ ‘He’  been  cared of that mad cat!’  aid Ron, nodding toward  Crook hank , who wa   till purring on the bed. But that wa n’t right, Harry thought  uddenly … Scabber  had been looking ill before he met Crook hank  … ever  ince Ron’  return from Egypt …  ince the time when Black had e caped … ‘Thi  cat i n’t mad,’  aid Black hoar ely. He reached out a bony hand and  troked Crook hank ’  fluffy head. ‘He’  the mo t intelligent of hi  kind I’ve ever met. He recogni ed Peter for what he wa   traight away. And when he met me, he knew I wa  no dog. It wa  a while before he tru ted me. Finally, I managed to communicate to him what I wa  after, and he’  been helping me …’ ‘What do you mean?’ breathed Hermione. ‘He tried to bring Peter to me, but couldn’t …  o he  tole the pa word  into Gryffindor Tower for me … A  I under tand it, he took them from a boy’  bed ide table …’ Harry’  brain  eemed to be  agging under the weight of what he wa  hearing. It wa  ab urd … and yet … ‘But Peter got wind of what wa  going on and ran for it … thi  cat – Crook hank , did you call him? – told me Peter had left blood on the  heet  … I  uppo e he bit him elf … well, faking hi  own death had worked once …’ The e word  jolted Harry to hi   en e . ‘And why did he fake hi  death?’ he  aid furiou ly. ‘Becau e he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parent !’ ‘No,’  aid Lupin. ‘Harry –’ ‘And now you’ve come to fini h him off!’ ‘Ye , I have,’  aid Black, with an evil look at Scabber . ‘Then I  hould’ve let Snape take you!’ Harry  houted. ‘Harry,’  aid Lupin hurriedly, ‘don’t you  ee? All thi  time we’ve thought Siriu  betrayed your parent , and Peter tracked him down – but it wa  the other way around, don’t you  ee? Peter betrayed your mother and father – Siriu  tracked Peter down –’ ‘THAT’S NOT TRUE!’ Harry yelled. ‘HE WAS THEIR SECRET-KEEPER! HE SAID SO BEFORE YOU TURNED UP, HE SAID HE KILLED THEM!’ He wa  pointing at Black, who  hook hi  head  lowly; the  unken eye  were  uddenly over-bright. ‘Harry … I a  good a  killed them,’ he croaked. ‘I per uaded Lily and Jame  to change to Peter at the la t moment, per uaded them to u e him a  Secret-Keeper in tead of me … I’m to blame, I know it … the night they died, I’d arranged to check on Peter, make  ure he wa   till  afe, but when I arrived at hi  hiding place, he’d gone. Yet there wa  no  ign of a  truggle. It didn’t feel right. I wa   cared. I  et out for your parent ’ hou e  traight away. And when I  aw their hou e, de troyed, and their bodie  – I reali ed what Peter mu t have done. What I’d done.’ Hi  voice broke. He turned away. ‘Enough of thi ,’  aid Lupin, and there wa  a  teely note in hi  voice Harry had never heard before. ‘There’  one certain way to prove what really happened. Ron, give me that rat.’ ‘What are you going to do with him if I give him to you?’ Ron a ked Lupin ten ely. ‘Force him to  how him elf,’  aid Lupin. ‘If he really i  a rat, it won’t hurt him.’ Ron he itated, then at long la t held out Scabber  and Lupin took him. Scabber  began to  queak without  topping, twi ting and turning, hi  tiny black eye  bulging in hi  head. ‘Ready, Siriu ?’  aid Lupin. Black had already retrieved Snape’  wand from the bed. He approached Lupin and the  truggling rat, and hi  wet eye   uddenly  eemed to be burning in hi  face. ‘Together?’ he  aid quietly. ‘I think  o,’  aid Lupin, holding Scabber  tightly in one hand and hi  wand in the other. ‘On the count of three. One – two – THREE!’ A fla h of blue-white light erupted from both wand ; for a moment, Scabber  wa  frozen in mid-air, hi   mall black form twi ting madly – Ron yelled – the rat fell and hit the floor. There wa  another blinding fla h of light and then – It wa  like watching a  peeded-up film of a growing tree. A head wa   hooting upward  from the ground; limb  were  prouting; next moment, a man wa   tanding where Scabber  had been, cringing and wringing hi  hand . Crook hank  wa   pitting and  narling on the bed, the hair on hi  back  tanding up. He wa  a very  hort man, hardly taller than Harry and Hermione. Hi  thin, colourle  hair wa  unkempt and there wa  a large bald patch on top. He had the  hrunken appearance of a plump man who had lo t a lot of weight in a  hort time. Hi   kin looked grubby, almo t like Scabber ’  fur, and  omething of the rat lingered around hi  pointed no e, hi  very  mall, watery eye . He looked around at them all, hi  breathing fa t and  hallow. Harry  aw hi  eye  dart to the door and back again. ‘Well, hello, Peter,’  aid Lupin plea antly, a  though rat  frequently erupted into old  choolfriend  around him. ‘Long time, no  ee.’ ‘S-Siriu  … R-Remu  …’ Even Pettigrew’  voice wa   queaky. Again, hi  eye  darted toward  the door. ‘My friend  … my old friend  …’ Black’  wand arm ro e, but Lupin  eized him around the wri t, gave him a warning look, then turned again to Pettigrew, hi  voice light and ca ual. ‘We’ve been having a little chat, Peter, about what happened the night Lily and Jame  died. You might have mi ed the finer point  while you were  queaking around down there on the bed –’ ‘Remu ,’ ga ped Pettigrew, and Harry could  ee bead  of  weat breaking out over hi  pa ty face, ‘you don’t believe him, do you … He tried to kill me, Remu  …’ ‘So we’ve heard,’  aid Lupin, more coldly. ‘I’d like to clear up one or two little matter  with you, Peter, if you’d be  o –’ ‘He’  come to try and kill me again!’ Pettigrew  hrieked  uddenly, pointing at Black, and Harry  aw that he u ed hi  middle finger, becau e hi  index wa  mi ing. ‘He killed Lily and Jame  and now he’  going to kill me, too … you’ve got to help me, Remu  …’ Black’  face looked more  kull-like than ever a  he  tared at Pettigrew with hi  fathomle  eye . ‘No one’  going to try and kill you until we’ve  orted a few thing  out,’  aid Lupin. ‘Sorted thing  out?’  quealed Pettigrew, looking wildly about him once more, eye  taking in the boarded window  and, again, the only door. ‘I knew he’d come after me! I knew he’d be back for me! I’ve been waiting for thi  for twelve year !’ ‘You knew Siriu  wa  going to break out of Azkaban?’  aid Lupin, hi  brow furrowed. ‘When nobody ha  ever done it before?’ ‘He’  got dark power  the re t of u  can only dream of!’ Pettigrew  houted  hrilly. ‘How el e did he get out of there? I  uppo e He Who Mu t Not Be Named taught him a few trick !’ Black  tarted to laugh, a horrible, mirthle  laugh that filled the whole room. ‘Voldemort, teach me trick ?’ he  aid. Pettigrew flinched a  though Black had brandi hed a whip at him. ‘What,  cared to hear your old ma ter’  name?’  aid Black. ‘I don’t blame you, Peter. Hi  lot aren’t very happy with you, are they?’ ‘Don’t know – what you mean, Siriu  –’ muttered Pettigrew, hi  breathing fa ter than ever. Hi  whole face wa   hining with  weat now. ‘You haven’t been hiding from me for twelve year ,’  aid Black. ‘You’ve been hiding from Voldemort’  old  upporter . I heard thing  in Azkaban, Peter … they all think you’re dead, or you’d have to an wer to them … I’ve heard them  creaming all  ort  of thing  in their  leep. Sound  like they think the double-cro er double-cro ed them. Voldemort went to the Potter ’ on your information … and Voldemort met hi  downfall there. And not all Voldemort’   upporter  ended up in Azkaban, did they? There are  till plenty out here, biding their time, pretending they’ve  een the error of their way  … If they ever got wind that you were  till alive, Peter –’ ‘Don’t know … what you’re talking about …’  aid Pettigrew again, more  hrilly than ever. He wiped hi  face on hi   leeve and looked up at Lupin. ‘You don’t believe thi  – thi  madne , Remu  –’ ‘I mu t admit, Peter, I have difficulty in under tanding why an innocent man would want to  pend twelve year  a  a rat,’  aid Lupin evenly. ‘Innocent, but  cared!’  quealed Pettigrew. ‘If Voldemort’   upporter  were after me, it wa  becau e I put one of their be t men in Azkaban – the  py, Siriu  Black!’ Black’  face contorted. ‘How dare you,’ he growled,  ounding  uddenly like the bear- ized dog he had been. ‘I, a  py for Voldemort? When did I ever  neak around people who were  tronger and more powerful than my elf? But you, Peter – I’ll never under tand why I didn’t  ee you were the  py from the  tart. You alway  liked big friend  who’d look after you, didn’t you? It u ed to be u  … me and Remu  … and Jame  …’ Pettigrew wiped hi  face again; he wa  almo t panting for breath. ‘Me, a  py … mu t be out of your mind … never … don’t know how you can  ay  uch a –’ ‘Lily and Jame  only made you Secret-Keeper becau e I  ugge ted it,’ Black hi ed,  o venomou ly that Pettigrew took a  tep backward . ‘I thought it wa  the perfect plan … a bluff … Voldemort would be  ure to come after me, would never dream they’d u e a weak, talentle  thing like you … it mu t have been the fine t moment of your mi erable life, telling Voldemort you could hand him the Potter .’ Pettigrew wa  muttering di tractedly; Harry caught word  like ‘far-fetched’ and ‘lunacy’, but he couldn’t help paying more attention to the a hen colour of Pettigrew’  face, and the way hi  eye  continued to dart toward  the window  and door. ‘Profe or Lupin?’  aid Hermione timidly. ‘Can – can I  ay  omething?’ ‘Certainly, Hermione,’  aid Lupin courteou ly. ‘Well – Scabber  – I mean, thi  – thi  man – he’  been  leeping in Harry’  dormitory for three year . If he’  working for You Know Who, how come he never tried to hurt Harry before now?’ ‘There!’  aid Pettigrew  hrilly, pointing at Hermione with hi  maimed hand. ‘Thank you! You  ee, Remu ? I have never hurt a hair of Harry’  head! Why  hould I?’ ‘I’ll tell you why,’  aid Black. ‘Becau e you never did anything for anyone unle  you could  ee what wa  in it for you. Voldemort’  been in hiding for twelve year , they  ay he’  half-dead. You weren’t about to commit murder right under Albu  Dumbledore’  no e, for a wreck of a wizard who’d lo t all hi  power, were you? You’d want to be quite  ure he wa  the bigge t bully in the playground before you went back to him, wouldn’t you? Why el e did you find a wizard family to take you in? Keeping an ear out for new , weren’t you, Peter? Ju t in ca e your old protector regained  trength, and it wa   afe to rejoin him …’ Pettigrew opened hi  mouth and clo ed it  everal time . He  eemed to have lo t the ability to talk. ‘Er – Mr Black – Siriu ?’  aid Hermione timidly. Black jumped at being addre ed like thi  and  tared at Hermione a  though being  poken to politely wa   omething he’d long forgotten. ‘If you don’t mind me a king, how – how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn’t u e Dark Magic?’ ‘Thank you!’ ga ped Pettigrew, nodding frantically at her. ‘Exactly! Preci ely what I –’ But Lupin  ilenced him with a look. Black wa  frowning  lightly at Hermione, but not a  though he wa  annoyed with her. He  eemed to be pondering hi  an wer. ‘I don’t know how I did it,’ he  aid  lowly. ‘I think the only rea on I never lo t my mind i  that I knew I wa  innocent. That wa n’t a happy thought,  o the Dementor  couldn’t  uck it out of me … but it kept me  ane and knowing who I am … helped me keep my power  …  o when it all became … too much … I could tran form in my cell … become a dog. Dementor  can’t  ee, you know …’ He  wallowed. They feel their way toward  people by  en ing their emotion  … they could tell that my feeling  were le  – le  human, le  complex when I wa  a dog … but they thought, of cour e, that I wa  lo ing my mind like everyone el e in there,  o it didn’t trouble them. But I wa  weak, very weak, and I had no hope of driving them away from me without a wand … ‘But then I  aw Peter in that picture … I reali ed he wa  at Hogwart  with Harry … perfectly po itioned to act, if one hint reached hi  ear  that the Dark Side wa  gathering  trength again …’ Pettigrew wa   haking hi  head, mouthing noi ele ly, but  taring all the while at Black a  though hypnoti ed. ‘… ready to  trike the moment he could be  ure of allie  … to deliver the la t Potter to them. If he gave them Harry, who’d dare  ay he’d betrayed Lord Voldemort? He’d be welcomed back with honour  … ‘So you  ee, I had to do  omething. I wa  the only one who knew Peter wa   till alive …’ Harry remembered what Mr Wea ley had told Mr  Wea ley. ‘The guard   ay he’  been talking in hi   leep … alway  the  ame word  …‘He’  at Hogwart ’.’ ‘It wa  a  if  omeone had lit a fire in my head, and the Dementor  couldn’t de troy it … it wa n’t a happy feeling … it wa  an ob e ion … but it gave me  trength, it cleared my mind. So, one night when they opened my door to bring food, I  lipped pa t them a  a dog … it’   o much harder for them to  en e animal emotion  that they were confu ed … I wa  thin, very thin … thin enough to  lip through the bar  … I  wam a  a dog back to the mainland … I journeyed north and  lipped into the Hogwart  ground  a  a dog … I’ve been living in the Fore t ever  ince … except when I come to watch the Quidditch, of cour e … you fly a  well a  your father did, Harry …’ He looked at Harry, who did not look away. ‘Believe me,’ croaked Black. ‘Believe me. I never betrayed Jame  and Lily. I would have died before I betrayed them.’ And at long la t, Harry believed him. Throat too tight to  peak, he nodded. ‘No!’ Pettigrew had fallen to hi  knee  a  though Harry’  nod had been hi  own death  entence. He  huffled forward on hi  knee , grovelling, hi  hand  cla ped in front of him a  though praying. ‘Siriu  – it’  me … it’  Peter … your friend … you wouldn’t …’ Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled. ‘There’  enough filth on my robe  without you touching them,’  aid Black. ‘Remu !’ Pettigrew  queaked, turning to Lupin in tead, writhing imploringly in front of him. ‘You don’t believe thi  … Wouldn’t Siriu  have told you they’d changed the plan?’ ‘Not if he thought I wa  the  py, Peter,’  aid Lupin. ‘I a ume that’  why you didn’t tell me, Siriu ?’ he  aid ca ually over Pettigrew’  head. ‘Forgive me, Remu ,’  aid Black. ‘Not at all, Padfoot, old friend,’  aid Lupin, who wa  now rolling up hi   leeve . ‘And will you, in turn, forgive me for believing you were the  py?’ ‘Of cour e,’  aid Black, and the gho t of a grin flitted acro  hi  gaunt face. He, too, began rolling up hi   leeve . ‘Shall we kill him together?’ ‘Ye , I think  o,’  aid Lupin grimly. ‘You wouldn’t … you won’t …’ ga ped Pettigrew. And he  crambled around to Ron. ‘Ron … haven’t I been a good friend … a good pet? You won’t let them kill me, Ron, will you … you’re on my  ide, aren’t you?’ But Ron wa   taring at Pettigrew with the utmo t revul ion. ‘I let you  leep in my bed!’ he  aid. ‘Kind boy … kind ma ter …’ Pettigrew crawled toward  Ron, ‘you won’t let them do it … I wa  your rat … I wa  a good pet …’ ‘If you made a better rat than human, it’  not much to boa t about, Peter,’  aid Black har hly. Ron, going  till paler with pain, wrenched hi  broken leg out of Pettigrew’  reach. Pettigrew turned on hi  knee ,  taggered forward  and  eized the hem of Hermione’  robe . ‘Sweet girl … clever girl … you – you won’t let them … help me …’ Hermione pulled her robe  out of Pettigrew’  clutching hand  and backed away again t the wall, looking horrified. Pettigrew knelt, trembling uncontrollably, and turned hi  head  lowly toward  Harry. ‘Harry … Harry … you look ju t like your father … ju t like him …’ ‘HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO HARRY?’ roared Black. ‘HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT JAMES IN FRONT OF HIM?’ ‘Harry’ whi pered Pettigrew,  huffling toward  him, hand  out tretched, ‘Harry, Jame  wouldn’t have wanted me killed … Jame  would have under tood, Harry … he would have  hown me mercy …’ Both Black and Lupin  trode forward ,  eized Pettigrew’   houlder  and threw him backward  onto the floor. He  at there, twitching with terror,  taring up at them. ‘You  old Lily and Jame  to Voldemort,’  aid Black, who wa   haking too. ‘Do you deny it?’ Pettigrew bur t into tear . It wa  horrible to watch: he looked like an over ized, balding baby, cowering on the floor. ‘Siriu , Siriu , what could I have done? The Dark Lord … you have no idea … he ha  weapon  you can’t imagine … I wa   cared, Siriu , I wa  never brave like you and Remu  and Jame . I never meant it to happen … He Who Mu t Not Be Named forced me –’ ‘DON’T LIE!’ bellowed Black. ‘YOU’D BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY AND JAMES DIED! YOU WERE HIS SPY!’ ‘He – he wa  taking over everywhere!’ ga ped Pettigrew. ‘Wh-what wa  there to be gained by refu ing him?’ ‘What wa  there to be gained by fighting the mo t evil wizard who ha  ever exi ted?’  aid Black, with a terrible fury in hi  face. ‘Only innocent live , Peter!’ ‘You don’t under tand!’ whined Pettigrew. ‘He would have killed me, Siriu !’ ‘THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!’ roared Black. ‘DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!’ Black and Lupin  tood  houlder to  houlder, wand  rai ed. ‘You  hould have reali ed,’  aid Lupin quietly. ‘If Voldemort didn’t kill you, we would. Goodbye, Peter.’ Hermione covered her face with her hand  and turned to the wall. ‘NO!’ Harry yelled. He ran forward , placing him elf in front of Pettigrew, facing the wand . ‘You can’t kill him,’ he  aid breathle ly. ‘You can’t.’ Black and Lupin both looked  taggered. ‘Harry, thi  piece of vermin i  the rea on you have no parent ,’ Black  narled. ‘Thi  cringing bit of filth would have  een you die, too, without turning a hair. You heard him. Hi  own  tinking  kin meant more to him than your whole family.’ ‘I know,’ Harry panted. ‘We’ll take him up to the ca tle. We’ll hand him over to the Dementor . He can go to Azkaban … ju t don’t kill him.’ ‘Harry!’ ga ped Pettigrew, and he flung hi  arm  around Harry’  knee . ‘You – thank you – it’  more than I de erve – thank you –’ ‘Get off me,’ Harry  pat, throwing Pettigrew’  hand  off him in di gu t. ‘I’m not doing thi  for you. I’m doing it becau e I don’t reckon my dad would’ve wanted hi  be t friend  to become killer  – ju t for you.’ No one moved or made a  ound except Pettigrew, who e breath wa  coming in wheeze  a  he clutched hi  che t. Black and Lupin were looking at each other. Then, with one movement, they lowered their wand . ‘You’re the only per on who ha  the right to decide, Harry,’  aid Black. ‘But think … think what he did …’ ‘He can go to Azkaban,’ Harry repeated. ‘If anyone de erve  that place, he doe  …’ Pettigrew wa   till wheezing behind him. ‘Very well,’  aid Lupin. ‘Stand a ide, Harry.’ Harry he itated. ‘I’m going to tie him up,’  aid Lupin. ‘That’  all, I  wear.’ Harry  tepped out of the way. Thin cord   hot from Lupin’  wand thi  time, and next moment, Pettigrew wa  wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged. ‘But if you tran form, Peter,’ growled Black, hi  own wand pointing at Pettigrew, too, ‘we will kill you. You agree, Harry?’ Harry looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor, and nodded  o that Pettigrew could  ee him. ‘Right,’  aid Lupin,  uddenly bu ine -like. ‘Ron, I can’t mend bone  nearly a  well a  Madam Pomfrey,  o I think it’  be t if we ju t  trap your leg up until we can get you to the ho pital wing.’ He hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Ron’  leg with hi  wand and muttered, ‘Ferula.’ Bandage   pun up Ron’  leg,  trapping it tightly to a  plint. Lupin helped him to hi  feet; Ron put hi  weight gingerly on the leg and didn’t wince. ‘That’  better,’ he  aid. ‘Thank .’ ‘What about Profe or Snape?’  aid Hermione in a  mall voice, looking down at Snape’  prone figure. ‘There’  nothing  eriou ly wrong with him,’  aid Lupin, bending over Snape and checking hi  pul e. ‘You were ju t a little – over-enthu ia tic. Still out cold. Er – perhap  it will be be t if we don’t revive him until we’re  afely back in the ca tle. We can take him like thi  …’ He muttered, ‘Mobilicorpu .’ A  though invi ible  tring  were tied to Snape’  wri t , neck and knee , he wa  pulled into a  tanding po ition, head  till lolling unplea antly, like a grote que puppet. He hung a few inche  above the ground, hi  limp feet dangling. Lupin picked up the Invi ibility Cloak and tucked it  afely into hi  pocket. ‘And two of u   hould be chained to thi ,’  aid Black, nudging Pettigrew with hi  toe. ‘Ju t to make  ure.’ ‘I’ll do it,’  aid Lupin. ‘And me,’  aid Ron  avagely, limping forward . Black conjured heavy manacle  from thin air;  oon Pettigrew wa  upright again, left arm chained to Lupin’  right, right arm to Ron’  left. Ron’  face wa   et. He  eemed to have taken Scabber ’  true identity a  a per onal in ult. Crook hank  leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room, hi  bottle-bru h tail held jauntily high. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TWENTY The Dementor ’ Ki  Harry had never been part of a  tranger group. Crook hank  led the way down the  tair ; Lupin, Pettigrew and Ron went next, looking like conte tant  in a  ix-legged race. Next came Profe or Snape, drifting creepily along, hi  toe  hitting each  tair a  they de cended, held up by hi  own wand, which wa  being pointed at him by Siriu . Harry and Hermione brought up the rear. Getting back into the tunnel wa  difficult. Lupin, Pettigrew and Ron had to turn  ideway  to manage it; Lupin  till had Pettigrew covered with hi  wand. Harry could  ee them edging awkwardly along the tunnel in  ingle file. Crook hank  wa   till in the lead. Harry went right after Siriu , who wa   till making Snape drift along ahead of them; he kept bumping hi  lolling head on the low ceiling. Harry had the impre ion Siriu  wa  making no effort to prevent thi . ‘You know what thi  mean ?’ Siriu   aid abruptly to Harry, a  they made their  low progre  along the tunnel. ‘Turning Pettigrew in?’ ‘You’re free,’  aid Harry. ‘Ye  …’  aid Siriu . ‘But I’m al o – I don’t know if anyone ever told you – I’m your godfather.’ ‘Yeah, I knew that,’  aid Harry. ‘Well … your parent  appointed me your guardian,’  aid Siriu   tiffly. ‘If anything happened to them …’ Harry waited. Did Siriu  mean what he thought he meant? ‘I’ll under tand, of cour e, if you want to  tay with your aunt and uncle,’  aid Siriu . ‘But … well … think about it. Once my name’  cleared … if you wanted a … a different home …’ Some  ort of explo ion took place in the pit of Harry’   tomach. ‘What – live with you?’ he  aid, accidentally cracking hi  head on a bit of rock protruding from the ceiling. ‘Leave the Dur ley ?’ ‘Of cour e, I thought you wouldn’t want to,’  aid Siriu  quickly. ‘I under tand. I ju t thought I’d –’ ‘Are you mad?’  aid Harry, hi  voice ea ily a  croaky a  Siriu ’. ‘Of cour e I want to leave the Dur ley ! Have you got a hou e? When can I move in?’ Siriu  turned right around to look at him; Snape’  head wa   craping the ceiling but Siriu  didn’t  eem to care. ‘You want to?’ he  aid. ‘You mean it?’ ‘Yeah, I mean it!’  aid Harry. Siriu ’ gaunt face broke into the fir t true  mile Harry had  een upon it. The difference it made wa   tartling, a  though a per on ten year  younger wa   hining through the  tarved ma k; for a moment, he wa  recogni able a  the man who had laughed at Harry’  parent ’ wedding. They did not  peak again until they had reached the end of the tunnel. Crook hank  darted up fir t; he had evidently pre ed hi  paw to the knot on the trunk, becau e Lupin, Pettigrew and Ron clambered upward  without any  ound of  avaging branche . Siriu   aw Snape up through the hole, then  tood back for Harry and Hermione to pa . At la t, all of them were out. The ground  were very dark now, the only light came from the di tant window  of the ca tle. Without a word, they  et off. Pettigrew wa   till wheezing and occa ionally whimpering. Harry’  mind wa  buzzing. He wa  going to leave the Dur ley . He wa  going to live with Siriu  Black, hi  parent ’ be t friend … he felt dazed … What would happen when he told the Dur ley  he wa  going to live with the convict they’d  een on televi ion! ‘One wrong move, Peter,’  aid Lupin threateningly, ahead. Hi  wand wa   till pointed  ideway  at Pettigrew’  che t. Silently they tramped through the ground , the ca tle light  growing  lowly larger. Snape wa   till drifting weirdly ahead of Siriu , hi  chin bumping on hi  che t. And then – A cloud  hifted. There were  uddenly dim  hadow  on the ground. Their party wa  bathed in moonlight. Snape collided with Lupin, Pettigrew and Ron, who had  topped abruptly. Siriu  froze. He flung out an arm to make Harry and Hermione  top. Harry could  ee Lupin’   ilhouette. He had gone rigid. Then hi  limb  began to  hake. ‘Oh my –’ Hermione ga ped. ‘He didn’t take hi  Potion tonight! He’  not  afe!’ ‘Run,’ Siriu  whi pered. ‘Run! Now!’ But Harry couldn’t run. Ron wa  chained to Pettigrew and Lupin. He leapt forward  but Siriu  caught him around the che t and threw him back. ‘Leave it to me – RUN!’ There wa  a terrible  narling noi e. Lupin’  head wa  lengthening. So wa  hi  body. Hi   houlder  were hunching. Hair wa   prouting vi ibly on hi  face and hand , which were curling into clawed paw . Crook hank ’  fur wa  on end again, he wa  backing away – A  the werewolf reared,  napping it  long jaw , Siriu  di appeared from Harry’   ide. He had tran formed. The enormou , bear-like dog bounded forward . A  the werewolf wrenched it elf free of the manacle binding it, the dog  eized it about the neck and pulled it backward , away from Ron and Pettigrew. They were locked, jaw to jaw, claw  ripping at each other – Harry  tood, tran fixed by the  ight; too intent upon the battle to notice anything el e. It wa  Hermione’   cream that alerted him – Pettigrew had dived for Lupin’  dropped wand. Ron, un teady on hi  bandaged leg, fell. There wa  a bang, a bur t of light – and Ron lay motionle  on the ground. Another bang – Crook hank  flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap. ‘Expelliarmu !’ Harry yelled, pointing hi  own wand at Pettigrew; Lupin’  wand flew high into the air and out of  ight. ‘Stay where you are!’ Harry  houted, running forward . Too late. Pettigrew had tran formed. Harry  aw hi  bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron’  out tretched arm, and heard a  currying through the gra . There wa  a howl and a rumbling growl; Harry turned to  ee the werewolf taking flight; it wa  galloping into the fore t – ‘Siriu , he’  gone, Pettigrew tran formed!’ Harry yelled. Siriu  wa  bleeding; there were ga he  acro  hi  muzzle and back, but at Harry’  word  he  crambled up again, and in an in tant, the  ound of hi  paw  wa  fading to  ilence a  he pounded away acro  the ground . Harry and Hermione da hed over to Ron. ‘What did he do to him?’ Hermione whi pered. Ron’  eye  were only half-clo ed; hi  mouth hung open. He wa  definitely alive, they could hear him breathing, but he didn’t  eem to recogni e them. ‘I don’t know.’ Harry looked de perately around. Black and Lupin both gone … they had no one but Snape for company,  till hanging, uncon ciou , in mid-air. ‘We’d better get them up to the ca tle and tell  omeone,’  aid Harry, pu hing hi  hair out of hi  eye , trying to think  traight. ‘Come –’ But then, out of the darkne , they heard a yelping, a whining; a dog in pain … ‘Siriu ,’ Harry muttered,  taring into the darkne . He had a moment’  indeci ion, but there wa  nothing they could do for Ron at the moment, and by the  ound of it, Black wa  in trouble – Harry  et off at a run, Hermione right behind him. The yelping  eemed to be coming from near the lake. They pelted toward  it, and Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without reali ing what it mu t mean – The yelping  topped abruptly. A  they reached the lake’   hore they  aw why – Siriu  had turned back into a man. He wa  crouched on all four , hi  hand  over hi  head. ‘Nooo,’ he moaned. ‘Noooo …. plea e …’ And then Harry  aw them. Dementor , at lea t a hundred of them, gliding in a black ma  around the lake toward  them. He  pun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating hi  in ide , fog  tarting to ob cure hi  vi ion; more were appearing out of the darkne  on every  ide; they were encircling them … ‘Hermione, think of  omething happy!’ Harry yelled, rai ing hi  wand, blinking furiou ly to try and clear hi  vi ion,  haking hi  head to rid it of the faint  creaming that had  tarted in ide it – I’m going to live with my godfather. I’m leaving the Dur ley . He forced him elf to think of Siriu , and only Siriu , and began to chant: ‘Expecto patronum! Expecto patronum!’ Black gave a  hudder, rolled over and lay motionle  on the ground, pale a  death. He’ll be all right. I’m going to go and live with him. ‘Expecto patronum! Hermione, help me! Expecto patronum!’ ‘Expecto –’ Hermione whi pered, ‘expecto – expecto –’ But  he couldn’t do it. The Dementor  were clo ing in, barely ten feet from them. They formed a  olid wall around Harry and Hermione, and were getting clo er … ‘EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ Harry yelled, trying to blot the  creaming from hi  ear . ‘EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ A thin wi p of  ilver e caped hi  wand and hovered like mi t before him. At the  ame moment, Harry felt Hermione collap e next to him. He wa  alone … completely alone … ‘Expecto – expecto patronum –’ Harry felt hi  knee  hit the cold gra . Fog wa  clouding hi  eye . With a huge effort, he fought to remember – Siriu  wa  innocent – innocent – we’ll be OK – I’m going to live with him – ‘Expecto patronum!’ he ga ped. By the feeble light of hi  formle  Patronu , he  aw a Dementor halt, very clo e to him. It couldn’t walk through the cloud of  ilver mi t Harry had conjured. A dead,  limy hand  lid out from under the cloak. It made a ge ture a  though to  weep the Patronu  a ide. ‘No – no –’ Harry ga ped. ‘He’  innocent … expecto – expecto patronum –’ He could feel them watching him, hear their rattling breath like an evil wind around him. The neare t Dementor  eemed to be con idering him. Then it rai ed both it  rotting hand  – and lowered it  hood. Where there  hould have been eye , there wa  only thin, grey,  cabbed  kin,  tretched blankly over empty  ocket . But there wa  a mouth … a gaping,  hapele  hole,  ucking the air with the  ound of a death-rattle. A paraly ing terror filled Harry  o that he couldn’t move or  peak. Hi  Patronu  flickered and died. White fog wa  blinding him. He had to fight … expecto patronum … he couldn’t  ee … and in the di tance, he heard the familiar  creaming … expecto patronum … he groped in the mi t for Siriu , and found hi  arm … they weren’t going to take him … But a pair of  trong, clammy hand   uddenly wrapped them elve  around Harry’  neck. They were forcing hi  face upward  … he could feel it  breath … it wa  going to get rid of him fir t … he could feel it  putrid breath … hi  mother wa   creaming in hi  ear  …  he wa  going to be the la t thing he ever heard – And then, through the fog that wa  drowning him, he thought he  aw a  ilvery light, growing brighter and brighter … he felt him elf fall forward  onto the gra  – Face down, too weak to move,  ick and  haking, Harry opened hi  eye . The blinding light wa  illuminating the gra  around him … The  creaming had  topped, the cold wa  ebbing away … Something wa  driving the Dementor  back … it wa  circling around him and Siriu  and Hermione … the rattling,  ucking  ound  of the Dementor  were fading. They were leaving … the air wa  warm again … With every ounce of  trength he could mu ter, Harry rai ed hi  head a few inche  and  aw an animal amid t the light, galloping away acro  the lake. Eye  blurred with  weat, Harry tried to make out what it wa  … it wa  bright a  a unicorn. Fighting to  tay con ciou , Harry watched it canter to a halt a  it reached the oppo ite  hore. For a moment, Harry  aw, by it  brightne ,  omebody welcoming it back … rai ing hi  hand to pat it …  omeone who looked  trangely familiar … but it couldn’t be … Harry didn’t under tand. He couldn’t think any more. He felt the la t of hi   trength leave him, and hi  head hit the ground a  he fainted. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE Hermione’  Secret ‘Shocking bu ine  …  hocking … miracle none of them died … never heard the like … by thunder, it wa  lucky you were there, Snape …’ ‘Thank you, Mini ter.’ ‘Order of Merlin, Second Cla , I’d  ay. Fir t Cla , if I can wangle it!’ ‘Thank you very much indeed, Mini ter.’ ‘Na ty cut you’ve got there … Black’  work, I  uppo e?’ ‘A  a matter of fact, it wa  Potter, Wea ley and Granger, Mini ter …’ ‘No!’ ‘Black had bewitched them, I  aw it immediately. A Confundu  Charm, to judge by their behaviour. They  eemed to think there wa  a po ibility he wa  innocent. They weren’t re pon ible for their action . On the other hand, their interference might have permitted Black to e cape … they obviou ly thought they were going to catch Black  ingle-handed. They’ve got away with a great deal before now … I’m afraid it’  given them a rather high opinion of them elve  … and of cour e Potter ha  alway  been allowed an extraordinary amount of licence by the Headma ter –’ ‘Ah, well, Snape … Harry Potter, you know … we’ve all got a bit of a blind  pot where he’  concerned.’ ‘And yet – i  it good for him to be given  o much  pecial treatment? Per onally I try to treat him like any other  tudent. And any other  tudent would be  u pended – at the very lea t – for leading hi  friend  into  uch danger. Con ider, Mini ter: again t all  chool rule  – after all the precaution  put in place for hi  protection – out of bound , at night, con orting with a werewolf and a murderer – and I have rea on to believe he ha  been vi iting Hog meade illegally, too –’ ‘Well, well … we  hall  ee, Snape, we  hall  ee … the boy ha  undoubtedly been fooli h …’ Harry lay li tening with hi  eye  tight  hut. He felt very groggy. The word  he wa  hearing  eemed to be travelling very  lowly from hi  ear  to hi  brain,  o that it wa  difficult to under tand. Hi  limb  felt like lead; hi  eyelid  too heavy to lift … he wanted to lie here, on thi  comfortable bed, for ever … ‘What amaze  me mo t i  the behaviour of the Dementor  … you’ve really no idea what made them retreat, Snape?’ ‘No, Mini ter. By the time I had come round they were heading back to their po ition  at the entrance  …’ ‘Extraordinary. And yet Black, and Harry, and the girl –’ ‘All uncon ciou  by the time I reached them. I bound and gagged Black, naturally, conjured  tretcher  and brought them all  traight back to the ca tle.’ There wa  a pau e. Harry’  brain  eemed to be moving a little fa ter, and a  it did, a gnawing  en ation grew in the pit of hi   tomach … He opened hi  eye . Everything wa   lightly blurred. Somebody had removed hi  gla e . He wa  lying in the dark ho pital wing. At the very end of the ward, he could make out Madam Pomfrey with her back to him, bending over a bed. Harry  quinted. Ron’  red hair wa  vi ible beneath Madam Pomfrey’  arm. Harry moved hi  head over on the pillow. In the bed to hi  right lay Hermione. Moonlight wa  falling acro  her bed. Her eye  were open, too. She looked petrified, and when  he  aw that Harry wa  awake, pre ed a finger to her lip , then pointed to the ho pital-wing door. It wa  ajar, and the voice  of Corneliu  Fudge and Snape were coming through it from the corridor out ide. Madam Pomfrey now came walking bri kly up the dark ward to Harry’  bed. He turned to look at her. She wa  carrying the large t block of chocolate he had ever  een in hi  life. It looked like a  mall boulder. ‘Ah, you’re awake!’  he  aid bri kly. She placed the chocolate on Harry’  bed ide table and began breaking it apart with a  mall hammer. ‘How’  Ron?’  aid Harry and Hermione together. ‘He’ll live,’  aid Madam Pomfrey grimly. ‘A  for you two … you’ll be  taying here until I’m  ati fied you’re – Potter, what do you think you’re doing?’ Harry wa   itting up, putting hi  gla e  back on and picking up hi  wand. ‘I need to  ee the Headma ter,’ he  aid. ‘Potter,’  aid Madam Pomfrey  oothingly, ‘it’  all right. They’ve got Black. He’  locked away up tair . The Dementor  will be performing the Ki  any moment now –’ ‘WHAT?’ Harry jumped up out of bed; Hermione had done the  ame. But hi   hout had been heard in the corridor out ide; next  econd, Corneliu  Fudge and Snape had entered the ward. ‘Harry Harry, what’  thi ?’  aid Fudge, looking agitated. ‘You  hould be in bed – ha  he had any chocolate?’ he a ked Madam Pomfrey anxiou ly. ‘Mini ter, li ten!’ Harry  aid. ‘Siriu  Black’  innocent! Peter Pettigrew faked hi  own death! We  aw him tonight! You can’t let the Dementor  do that thing to Siriu , he’  –’ But Fudge wa   haking hi  head with a  mall  mile on hi  face. ‘Harry, Harry, you’re very confu ed, you’ve been through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, we’ve got everything under control …’ ‘YOU HAVEN’T!’ Harry yelled. ‘YOU’VE GOT THE WRONG MAN!’ ‘Mini ter, li ten, plea e,’ Hermione  aid;  he had hurried to Harry’   ide and wa  gazing imploringly into Fudge’  face. ‘I  aw him, too. It wa  Ron’  rat, he’  an Animagu , Pettigrew, I mean, and –’ ‘You  ee, Mini ter?’  aid Snape. ‘Confunded, both of them … Black’  done a very good job on them …’ ‘WE’RE NOT CONFUNDED!’ Harry roared. ‘Mini ter! Profe or!’  aid Madam Pomfrey angrily. ‘I mu t in i t that you leave. Potter i  my patient, and he  hould not be di tre ed!’ ‘I’m not di tre ed, I’m trying to tell them what happened!’ Harry  aid furiou ly. ‘If they’d ju t li ten –’ But Madam Pomfrey  uddenly  tuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Harry’  mouth. He choked, and  he  eized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed. ‘Now, plea e, Mini ter, the e children need care. Plea e leave –’ The door opened again. It wa  Dumbledore. Harry  wallowed hi  mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty, and got up again. ‘Profe or Dumbledore, Siriu  Black –’ ‘For heaven’   ake!’  aid Madam Pomfrey hy terically. ‘I  thi  a ho pital wing or not? Headma ter, I mu t in i t –’ ‘My apologie , Poppy, but I need a word with Mr Potter and Mi  Granger,’  aid Dumbledore calmly. ‘I have ju t been talking to Siriu  Black –’ ‘I  uppo e he’  told you the  ame fairy tale he’  planted in Potter’  mind?’  pat Snape. ‘Something about a rat, and Pettigrew being alive –’ ‘That, indeed, i  Black’   tory’  aid Dumbledore,  urveying Snape clo ely through hi  half-moon  pectacle . ‘And doe  my evidence count for nothing?’  narled Snape. ‘Peter Pettigrew wa  not in the Shrieking Shack, nor did I  ee any  ign of him in the ground .’ ‘That wa  becau e you were knocked out, Profe or!’  aid Hermione earne tly. ‘You didn’t arrive in time to hear –’ ‘Mi  Granger, HOLD YOUR TONGUE!’ ‘Now, Snape,’  aid Fudge,  tartled, ‘the young lady i  di turbed in her mind, we mu t make allowance  –’ ‘I would like to  peak to Harry and Hermione alone,’  aid Dumbledore abruptly. ‘Corneliu , Severu , Poppy – plea e leave u .’ ‘Headma ter!’  pluttered Madam Pomfrey. ‘They need treatment, they need re t –’ ‘Thi  cannot wait,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘I mu t in i t.’ Madam Pomfrey pur ed her lip  and  trode away into her office at the end of the ward,  lamming the door behind her. Fudge con ulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from hi  wai tcoat. ‘The Dementor   hould have arrived by now,’ he  aid. ‘I’ll go and meet them. Dumbledore, I’ll  ee you up tair .’ He cro ed to the door and held it open for Snape, but Snape hadn’t moved. ‘You  urely don’t believe a word of Black’   tory?’ Snape whi pered, hi  eye  fixed on Dumbledore’  face. ‘I wi h to  peak to Harry and Hermione alone,’ Dumbledore repeated. Snape took a  tep toward  Dumbledore. ‘Siriu  Black  howed he wa  capable of murder at the age of  ixteen,’ he breathed. ‘You haven’t forgotten that, Headma ter? You haven’t forgotten that he once tried to kill me?’ ‘My memory i  a  good a  it ever wa , Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. Snape turned on hi  heel and marched through the door Fudge wa   till holding. It clo ed behind them and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione. They both bur t into  peech at the  ame time. ‘Profe or, Black’  telling the truth – we  aw Pettigrew –’ ‘– he e caped when Profe or Lupin turned into a werewolf –’ ‘– he’  a rat –’ ‘– Pettigrew’  front paw, I mean, finger, he cut it off –’ ‘– Pettigrew attacked Ron, it wa n’t Siriu  –’ But Dumbledore held up hi  hand to  tem the flood of explanation . ‘It i  your turn to li ten, and I beg you will not interrupt me, becau e there i  very little time,’ he  aid quietly. ‘There i  not a  hred of proof to  upport Black’   tory, except your word – and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizard  will not convince anybody. A  treet full of eye-witne e   wore they  aw Siriu  murder Pettigrew. I my elf gave evidence to the Mini try that Siriu  had been the Potter ’ Secret-Keeper.’ ‘Profe or Lupin can tell you –’ Harry  aid, unable to  top him elf. ‘Profe or Lupin i  currently deep in the Fore t, unable to tell anyone anything. By the time he i  human again, it will be too late, Siriu  will be wor e than dead. I might add that werewolve  are  o mi tru ted by mo t of our kind that hi   upport will count for very little – and the fact that he and Siriu  are old friend  –’ ‘But –’ ‘Li ten to me, Harry. It i  too late, you under tand me? You mu t  ee that Profe or Snape’  ver ion of event  i  far more convincing than your .’ ‘He hate  Siriu ,’ Hermione  aid de perately. ‘All becau e of  ome  tupid trick Siriu  played on him –’ ‘Siriu  ha  not acted like an innocent man. The attack on the Fat Lady – entering Gryffindor Tower with a knife – without Pettigrew, alive or dead, we have no chance of overturning Siriu ’  entence.’ ‘But you believe u .’ ‘Ye , I do,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘But I have no power to make other men  ee the truth, or to overrule the Mini ter for Magic …’ Harry  tared up into the grave face and felt a  though the ground beneath him wa  falling  harply away. He had grown u ed to the idea that Dumbledore could  olve anything. He had expected Dumbledore to pull  ome amazing  olution out of the air. But no … their la t hope wa  gone. ‘What we need,’  aid Dumbledore  lowly, and hi  light-blue eye  moved from Harry to Hermione, ‘i  more time.’ ‘But –’ Hermione began. And then her eye  became very round. ‘OH!’ ‘Now, pay attention,’  aid Dumbledore,  peaking very low, and very clearly. ‘Siriu  i  locked in Profe or Flitwick’  office on the  eventh floor. Thirteenth window from the right of the We t Tower. If all goe  well, you will be able to  ave more than one innocent life tonight. But remember thi , both of you. You mu t not be  een. Mi  Granger, you know the law – you know what i  at  take … you – mu t – not – be –  een.’ Harry didn’t have a clue what wa  going on. Dumbledore had turned on hi  heel and looked back a  he reached the door. ‘I am going to lock you in. It i  –’ he con ulted hi  watch, ‘five minute  to midnight. Mi  Granger, three turn   hould do it. Good luck.’ ‘Good luck?’ Harry repeated, a  the door clo ed behind Dumbledore. ‘Three turn ? What’  he talking about? What are we  uppo ed to do?’ But Hermione wa  fumbling with the neck of her robe , pulling from beneath them a very long, very fine gold chain. ‘Harry come here,’  he  aid urgently. ‘Quick!’ Harry moved toward  her, completely bewildered. She wa  holding the chain out. He  aw a tiny,  parkling hourgla  hanging from it. ‘Here –’ She had thrown the chain around hi  neck, too. ‘Ready?’  he  aid breathle ly. ‘What are we doing?’ Harry  aid, completely lo t. Hermione turned the hourgla  over three time . The dark ward di olved. Harry had the  en ation that he wa  flying, very fa t, backward . A blur of colour  and  hape  ru hed pa t him; hi  ear  were pounding. He tried to yell but couldn’t hear hi  own voice – And then he felt  olid ground beneath hi  feet, and everything came into focu  again – He wa   tanding next to Hermione in the de erted Entrance Hall and a  tream of golden  unlight wa  falling acro  the paved floor from the open front door . He looked wildly around at Hermione, the chain of the hourgla  cutting into hi  neck. ‘Hermione, what –?’ ‘In here!’ Hermione  eized Harry’  arm and dragged him acro  the hall to the door of a broom cupboard;  he opened it, pu hed him in ide among t the bucket  and mop , followed him in, then  lammed the door behind them. ‘What – how – Hermione, what happened?’ ‘We’ve gone back in time,’ Hermione whi pered, lifting the chain off Harry’  neck in the darkne . ‘Three hour  back …’ Harry found hi  own leg and gave it a very hard pinch. It hurt a lot, which  eemed to rule out the po ibility that he wa  having a very bizarre dream. ‘But –’ ‘Shh! Li ten! Someone’  coming! I think – I think it might be u !’ Hermione had her ear pre ed again t the cupboard door. ‘Foot tep  acro  the hall … ye , I think it’  u  going down to Hagrid’ !’ ‘Are you telling me,’ Harry whi pered, ‘that we’re here in thi  cupboard and we’re out there, too?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Hermione, her ear  till glued to the cupboard door. ‘I’m  ure it’  u  … it doe n’t  ound like more than three people … and we’re walking  lowly becau e we’re under the Invi ibility Cloak –’ She broke off,  till li tening intently. ‘We’ve gone down the front  tep  …’ Hermione  at down on an upturned bucket; looking de perately anxiou , Harry wanted a few que tion  an wered. ‘Where did you get that hourgla  thing?’ ‘It’  called a Time-Turner,’ Hermione whi pered, ‘and I got it from Profe or McGonagall on our fir t day back. I’ve been u ing it all year to get to all my le on . Profe or McGonagall made me  wear I wouldn’t tell anyone. She had to write all  ort  of letter  to the Mini try of Magic  o I could have one. She had to tell them that I wa  a model  tudent, and that I’d never, ever u e it for anything except my  tudie  … I’ve been turning it back  o I could do hour  over again, that’  how I’ve been doing  everal le on  at once,  ee? But … ‘Harry, I don’t under tand what Dumbledore want  u  to do. Why did he tell u  to go back three hour ? How’  that going to help Siriu ?’ Harry  tared at her  hadowy face. ‘There mu t be  omething that happened around now he want  u  to change,’ he  aid  lowly. ‘What happened? We were walking down to Hagrid’  three hour  ago …’ ‘Thi  i  three hour  ago, and we are walking down to Hagrid’ ,’  aid Hermione. ‘We ju t heard our elve  leaving …’ Harry frowned; he felt a  though he wa   crewing up hi  whole brain in concentration. ‘Dumbledore ju t  aid – ju t  aid we could  ave more than one innocent life …’ And then it hit him. ‘Hermione, we’re going to  ave Buckbeak!’ ‘But – how will that help Siriu ?’ ‘Dumbledore  aid – he ju t told u  where the window i  – the window of Flitwick’  office! Where they’ve got Siriu  locked up! We’ve got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and re cue Siriu ! Siriu  can e cape on Buckbeak – they can e cape together!’ From what Harry could  ee of Hermione’  face,  he looked terrified. ‘If we manage that without being  een, it’ll be a miracle!’ ‘Well, we’ve got to try, haven’t we?’  aid Harry. He  tood up and pre ed hi  own ear again t the door. ‘Doe n’t  ound like anyone’  there … come on, let’  go …’ Harry pu hed the cupboard door open. The Entrance Hall wa  de erted. A  quietly and quickly a  they could, they darted out of the cupboard and down the  tone  tep . The  hadow  were already lengthening, the top  of the tree  in the Forbidden Fore t gilded once more with gold. ‘If anyone’  looking out of the window –’ Hermione  queaked, looking up at the ca tle behind them. ‘We’ll run for it,’  aid Harry determinedly. ‘Straight into the Fore t, all right? We’ll have to hide behind a tree or  omething and keep a lookout –’ ‘OK, but we’ll go round by the greenhou e !’  aid Hermione breathle ly. ‘We need to keep out of  ight of Hagrid’  front door, or we’ll  ee u ! We mu t be nearly at Hagrid’  by now!’ Still working out what  he meant, Harry  et off at a  print, Hermione behind him. They tore acro  the vegetable garden  to the greenhou e , pau ed for a moment behind them, then  et off again, fa t a  they could,  kirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing toward  the  helter of the Fore t … Safe in the  hadow  of the tree , Harry turned around;  econd  later, Hermione arrived be ide him, panting. ‘Right,’  he ga ped, ‘we need to  neak over to Hagrid’ . Keep out of  ight, Harry …’ They made their way  ilently through the tree , keeping to the very edge of the Fore t. Then, a  they glimp ed the front of Hagrid’  hou e, they heard a knock upon hi  door. They moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either  ide. Hagrid had appeared in hi  doorway,  haking and white, looking around to  ee who had knocked. And Harry heard hi  own voice. ‘It’  u . We’re wearing the Invi ibility Cloak. Let u  in and we can take it off.’ ‘Yeh  houldn’ve come!’ Hagrid whi pered. He  tood back, then  hut the door quickly. ‘Thi  i  the weirde t thing we’ve ever done,’ Harry  aid fervently. ‘Let’  move along a bit,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘We need to get nearer to Buckbeak!’ They crept through the tree  until they  aw the nervou  Hippogriff, tethered to the fence around Hagrid’  pumpkin patch. ‘Now?’ Harry whi pered. ‘No!’  aid Hermione. ‘If we  teal him now, tho e Committee people will think Hagrid  et him free! We’ve got to wait until they’ve  een he’  tied out ide!’ ‘That’  going to give u  about  ixty  econd ,’  aid Harry. Thi  wa   tarting to  eem impo ible. At that moment, there wa  a cra h of breaking china from in ide Hagrid’  cabin. ‘That’  Hagrid breaking the milk jug,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘I’m going to find Scabber  in a moment –’ Sure enough, a few minute  later, they heard Hermione’   hriek of  urpri e. ‘Hermione,’  aid Harry  uddenly, ‘what if we – we ju t run in there, and grab Pettigrew –’ ‘No!’  aid Hermione in a terrified whi per. ‘Don’t you under tand? We’re breaking one of the mo t important wizarding law ! ‘Nobody’   uppo ed to change time, nobody! You heard Dumbledore, if we’re  een –’ ‘We’d only be  een by our elve  and Hagrid!’ ‘Harry, what do you think you’d do if you  aw your elf bur ting into Hagrid’  hou e?’  aid Hermione. ‘I’d – I’d think I’d gone mad,’  aid Harry, ‘or I’d think there wa   ome Dark Magic going on –’ ‘Exactly! You wouldn’t under tand, you might even attack your elf! Don’t you  ee? Profe or McGonagall told me what awful thing  have happened when wizard  have meddled with time … load  of them ended up killing their pa t or future  elve  by mi take!’ ‘OK!’  aid Harry. ‘It wa  ju t an idea, I ju t thought –’ But Hermione nudged him, and pointed toward  the ca tle. Harry moved hi  head a few inche  to get a clear view of the di tant front door . Dumbledore, Fudge, the old Committee member, and Macnair the executioner were coming down the  tep . ‘We’re about to come out!’ Hermione breathed. And  ure enough, moment  later, Hagrid’  back door opened, and Harry  aw him elf, Ron and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid. It wa , without a doubt, the  trange t  en ation of hi  life,  tanding behind the tree, and watching him elf in the pumpkin patch. ‘It’  OK, Beaky, it’  OK …’ Hagrid  aid to Buckbeak. Then he turned to Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘Go on. Get goin’.’ ‘Hagrid, we can’t –’ ‘We’ll tell them what really happened –’ ‘They can’t kill him –’ ‘Go! It’  bad enough without you lot in trouble an’ all!’ Harry watched the Hermione in the pumpkin patch throw the Invi ibility Cloak over him elf and Ron. ‘Go quick. Don’ li ten …’ There wa  a knock on Hagrid’  front door. The execution party had arrived. Hagrid turned around and headed back into hi  cabin, leaving the back door ajar. Harry watched the gra  flatten in patche  all around the cabin and heard three pair  of feet retreating. He, Ron and Hermione had gone … but the Harry and Hermione hidden in the tree  could now hear what wa  happening in ide the cabin through the back door. ‘Where i  the bea t?’ came the cold voice of Macnair. ‘Out – out ide,’ Hagrid croaked. Harry pulled hi  head out of  ight a  Macnair’  face appeared at Hagrid’  window,  taring out at Buckbeak. Then they heard Fudge. ‘We – er – have to read you the official notice of execution, Hagrid. I’ll make it quick. And then you and Macnair need to  ign it. Macnair, you’re  uppo ed to li ten too, that’  procedure –’ Macnair’  face vani hed from the window. It wa  now or never. ‘Wait here,’ Harry whi pered to Hermione. ‘I’ll do it.’ A  Fudge’  voice  tarted again, Harry darted out from behind hi  tree, vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch and approached Buckbeak. ‘It i  the deci ion of the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature  that the Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter called the condemned,  hall be executed on the  ixth of June at  undown –’ Careful not to blink, Harry  tared up into Buckbeak’  fierce orange eye once more, and bowed. Buckbeak  ank to hi   caly knee  and then  tood up again. Harry began to fumble with the rope tying Buckbeak to the fence. ‘…  entenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee’  appointed executioner, Walden Macnair …’ ‘Come on, Buckbeak,’ Harry murmured, ‘come on, we’re going to help you. Quietly … quietly …’ ‘… a  witne ed below. Hagrid, you  ign here …’ Harry threw all hi  weight onto the rope, but Buckbeak had dug in hi  front feet. ‘Well, let’  get thi  over with,’  aid the reedy voice of the Committee member from in ide Hagrid’  cabin. ‘Hagrid, perhap  it would be better if you  tayed in ide –’ ‘No, I – I wan’ ter be with him … I don’ wan’ him ter be alone –’ Foot tep  echoed from within the cabin. ‘Buckbeak, move!’ Harry hi ed. Harry tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeak’  neck. The Hippogriff began to walk, ru tling it  wing  irritably. They were  till ten feet away from the Fore t, in plain view of Hagrid’  back door. ‘One moment, plea e, Macnair,’ came Dumbledore’  voice. ‘You need to  ign, too.’ The foot tep   topped. Harry heaved on the rope. Buckbeak  napped hi  beak and walked a little fa ter. Hermione’  white face wa   ticking out from behind a tree. ‘Harry, hurry!’  he mouthed. Harry could  till hear Dumbledore’  voice talking from within the cabin. He gave the rope another wrench. Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. They had reached the tree  … ‘Quick! Quick!’ Hermione moaned, darting out from behind her tree,  eizing the rope too and adding her weight to make Buckbeak move fa ter. Harry looked over hi   houlder; they were now blocked from  ight; they couldn’t  ee Hagrid’  garden at all. ‘Stop!’ he whi pered to Hermione. ‘They might hear u  –’ Hagrid’  back door had opened with a bang. Harry, Hermione and Buckbeak  tood quite  till; even the Hippogriff  eemed to be li tening intently. Silence … then – ‘Where i  it?’  aid the reedy voice of the Committee member. ‘Where i  the bea t?’ ‘It wa  tied here!’  aid the executioner furiou ly. ‘I  aw it! Ju t here!’ ‘How extraordinary’  aid Dumbledore. There wa  a note of amu ement in hi  voice. ‘Beaky!’  aid Hagrid hu kily. There wa  a  wi hing noi e, and the thud of an axe. The executioner  eemed to have  wung it into the fence in anger. And then came the howling, and thi  time they could hear Hagrid’  word  through hi   ob . ‘Gone! Gone! Ble  hi  little beak, he’  gone! Mu ta pulled him elf free! Beaky, yeh clever boy!’ Buckbeak  tarted to  train again t the rope, trying to get back to Hagrid. Harry and Hermione tightened their grip and dug their heel  into the Fore t floor to  top him. ‘Someone untied him!’ the executioner wa   narling. ‘We  hould  earch the ground , the Fore t –’ ‘Macnair, if Buckbeak ha  indeed been  tolen, do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot?’  aid Dumbledore,  till  ounding amu ed. ‘Search the  kie , if you will … Hagrid, I could do with a cup of tea. Or a large brandy.’ ‘O’ – o’ cour e, Profe or,’  aid Hagrid, who  ounded weak with happine . ‘Come in, come in …’ Harry and Hermione li tened clo ely. They heard foot tep , the  oft cur ing of the executioner, the  nap of the door, and then  ilence once more. ‘Now what?’ whi pered Harry, looking around. ‘We’ll have to hide in here,’  aid Hermione, who looked very  haken. ‘We need to wait until they’ve gone back to the ca tle. Then we wait until it’   afe to fly Buckbeak up to Siriu ’ window. He won’t be there for another couple of hour  , thi  i  going to be difficult …’ She looked nervou ly over her  houlder into the depth  of the Fore t. The  un wa   etting now. ‘We’re going to have to move,’  aid Harry, thinking hard. ‘We’ve got to be able to  ee the Whomping Willow, or we won’t know what’  going on.’ ‘OK,’  aid Hermione, getting a firmer grip on Buckbeak’  rope. ‘But we’ve got to keep out of  ight, Harry, remember …’ They moved around the edge of the Fore t, darkne  falling thickly around them, until they were hidden behind a clump of tree  through which they could make out the Willow. ‘There’  Ron!’  aid Harry  uddenly. A dark figure wa   printing acro  the lawn and it   hout echoed through the  till night air. ‘Get away from him – get away – Scabber , come here –’ And then they  aw two more figure  materiali e out of nowhere. Harry watched him elf and Hermione cha ing after Ron. Then he  aw Ron dive. ‘Gotcha! Get off, you  tinking cat –’ ‘There’  Siriu !’  aid Harry. The great  hape of the dog had bounded out from the root  of the Willow. They  aw him bowl Harry over, then  eize Ron … ‘Look  even wor e from here, doe n’t it?’  aid Harry, watching the dog pulling Ron into the root . ‘Ouch – look, I ju t got walloped by the tree – and  o did you – thi  i  weird –’ The Whomping Willow wa  creaking and la hing out with it  lower branche ; they could  ee them elve  darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. And then the tree froze. ‘That wa  Crook hank  pre ing the knot,’  aid Hermione. ‘And there we go …’ Harry muttered. ‘We’re in.’ The moment they di appeared, the tree began to move again. Second  later, they heard foot tep  quite clo e by. Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge and the old Committee member were making their way up to the ca tle. ‘Right after we’d gone down into the pa age!’  aid Hermione. ‘If only Dumbledore had come with u  …’ ‘Macnair and Fudge would’ve come too,’  aid Harry bitterly. ‘I bet you anything Fudge would’ve told Macnair to murder Siriu  on the  pot …’ They watched the four men climb the ca tle  tep  and di appear from view. For a few minute  the  cene wa  de erted. Then – ‘Here come  Lupin!’  aid Harry, a  they  aw another figure  printing down the  tone  tep  and haring toward  the Willow. Harry looked up at the  ky. Cloud  were ob curing the moon completely. They watched Lupin  eize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. The tree  topped fighting, and Lupin, too, di appeared into the gap in it  root . ‘If he’d only grabbed the Cloak,’  aid Harry. ‘It’  ju t lying there …’ He turned to Hermione. ‘If I ju t da hed out now and grabbed it, Snape’d never be able to get it and –’ ‘Harry, we mu tn’t be  een!’ ‘How can you  tand thi ?’ he a ked Hermione fiercely. ‘Ju t  tanding here and watching it happen?’ He he itated. ‘I’m going to grab the Cloak!’ ‘Harry, no!’ Hermione  eized the back of Harry’  robe  not a moment too  oon. Ju t then, they heard a bur t of  ong. It wa  Hagrid, making hi  way up to the ca tle,  inging at the top of hi  voice, and weaving  lightly a  he walked. A large bottle wa   winging from hi  hand . ‘See?’ Hermione whi pered. ‘See what would have happened? We’ve got to keep out of  ight! No, Buckbeak!’ The Hippogriff wa  making frantic attempt  to get to Hagrid again; Harry  eized hi  rope, too,  training to hold Buckbeak back. They watched Hagrid meander tip ily up to the ca tle. He wa  gone. Buckbeak  topped fighting to get away. Hi  head drooped  adly. Barely two minute  later, the ca tle door  flew open yet again, and Snape had come charging out of them, running toward  the Willow. Harry’  fi t  clenched a  they watched Snape  kid to a halt next to the tree, looking around. He grabbed the Cloak and held it up. ‘Get your filthy hand  off it,’ Harry  narled under hi  breath. ‘Shh!’ Snape  eized the branch Lupin had u ed to freeze the tree, prodded the knot, and vani hed from view a  he put on the Cloak. ‘So that’  it,’  aid Hermione quietly. ‘We’re all down there … and now we’ve ju t got to wait until we come back up again …’ She took the end of Buckbeak’  rope and tied it  ecurely around the neare t tree, then  at down on the dry ground, arm  around her knee . ‘Harry, there’   omething I don’t under tand … why didn’t the Dementor  get Siriu ? I remember them coming, and then I think I pa ed out … there were  o many of them …’ Harry  at down, too. He explained what he’d  een; how, a  the neare t Dementor had lowered it  mouth to Harry’ , a large  ilver  omething had come galloping acro  the lake and forced the Dementor  to retreat. Hermione’  mouth wa   lightly open by the time Harry had fini hed. ‘But what wa  it?’ ‘There’  only one thing it could have been, to make the Dementor  go,’  aid Harry. ‘A real Patronu . A powerful one.’ ‘But who conjured it?’ Harry didn’t  ay anything. He wa  thinking back to the per on he’d  een on the other bank of the lake. He knew who he thought it had been … but how could it have been? ‘Didn’t you  ee what they looked like?’  aid Hermione eagerly. ‘Wa  it one of the teacher ?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry. ‘He wa n’t a teacher.’ ‘But it mu t have been a really powerful wizard, to drive all tho e Dementor  away … If the Patronu  wa   hining  o brightly, didn’t it light him up? Couldn’t you  ee –?’ ‘Yeah, I  aw him,’  aid Harry  lowly. ‘But … maybe I imagined it … I wa n’t thinking  traight … I pa ed out right afterward  …’ ‘Who did you think it wa ?’ ‘I think –’ Harry  wallowed, knowing how  trange thi  wa  going to  ound. ‘I think it wa  my dad.’ Harry glanced up at Hermione and  aw that her mouth wa  fully open now. She wa  gazing at him with a mixture of alarm and pity. ‘Harry, your dad’  – well – dead,’  he  aid quietly. ‘I know that,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘You think you  aw hi  gho t?’ ‘I don’t know … no … he looked  olid …’ ‘But then –’ ‘Maybe I wa   eeing thing ,’  aid Harry. ‘But … from what I could  ee … it looked like him … I’ve got photo  of him …’ Hermione wa   till looking at him a  though worried about hi   anity. ‘I know it  ound  mad,’  aid Harry flatly. He turned to look at Buckbeak, who wa  digging hi  beak into the ground, apparently  earching for worm . But he wa n’t really watching Buckbeak. He wa  thinking about hi  father, and about hi  three olde t friend  … Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong  … Had all four of them been out in the ground  tonight? Wormtail had reappeared thi  evening when everyone had thought he wa  dead – wa  it  o impo ible hi  father had done the  ame? Had he been  eeing thing  acro  the lake? The figure had been too far away to  ee di tinctly … yet he had felt  ure, for a moment, before he’d lo t con ciou ne  … The leave  overhead ru tled faintly in the breeze. The moon drifted in and out of  ight behind the  hifting cloud . Hermione  at with her face turned toward  the Willow, waiting. And then, at la t, after over an hour … ‘Here we come!’ Hermione whi pered. She and Harry got to their feet. Buckbeak rai ed hi  head. They  aw Lupin, Ron and Pettigrew clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the root . Then came Hermione … then the uncon ciou  Snape, drifting weirdly upward . Next came Harry and Black. They all began to walk toward  the ca tle. Harry’  heart wa   tarting to beat very fa t. He glanced up at the  ky. Any moment now, that cloud wa  going to move a ide and  how the moon … ‘Harry,’ Hermione muttered, a  though  he knew exactly what he wa  thinking, ‘we’ve got to  tay put. We mu tn’t be  een. There’  nothing we can do …’ ‘So we’re ju t going to let Pettigrew e cape all over again …’  aid Harry quietly. ‘How do you expect to find a rat in the dark?’  napped Hermione. ‘There’  nothing we can do! We came back to help Siriu . We’re not  uppo ed to be doing anything el e!’ ‘All right!’ The moon  lid out from behind it  cloud. They  aw the tiny figure  acro  the ground   top. Then they  aw movement – ‘There goe  Lupin,’ Hermione whi pered. ‘He’  tran forming –’ ‘Hermione!’  aid Harry  uddenly. ‘We’ve got to move!’ ‘We mu tn’t, I keep telling you –’ ‘Not to interfere! But Lupin’  going to run into the Fore t, right at u !’ Hermione ga ped. ‘Quick!’  he moaned, da hing to untie Buckbeak. ‘Quick! Where are we going to go? Where are we going to hide? The Dementor  will be coming any moment –’ ‘Back to Hagrid’ !’ Harry  aid. ‘It’  empty now – come on!’ They ran, fa t a  they could, Buckbeak cantering along behind them. They could hear the werewolf howling behind them … The cabin wa  in  ight. Harry  kidded to the door, wrenched it open and Hermione and Buckbeak fla hed pa t him; Harry threw him elf in after them and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked loudly. ‘Shh, Fang, it’  u !’  aid Hermione, hurrying over and  cratching hi  ear  to quieten him. ‘That wa  really clo e!’  he  aid to Harry. ‘Yeah …’ Harry wa  looking out of the window. It wa  much harder to  ee what wa  going on from here. Buckbeak  eemed very happy to find him elf back in ide Hagrid’  hou e. He lay down in front of the fire, folded hi  wing  contentedly and  eemed ready for a good nap. ‘I think I’d better go out ide again, you know,’  aid Harry  lowly. ‘I can’t  ee what’  going on – we won’t know when it’  time –’ Hermione looked up. Her expre ion wa   u piciou . ‘I’m not going to try and interfere,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘But if we don’t  ee what’  going on, how’re we going to know when it’  time to re cue Siriu ?’ ‘Well … OK, then … I’ll wait here with Buckbeak … but Harry, be careful – there’  a werewolf out there – and the Dementor  –’ Harry  tepped out ide again and edged around the cabin. He could hear yelping in the di tance. That meant the Dementor  were clo ing in on Siriu  … he and Hermione would be running to him any moment … Harry  tared out toward  the lake, hi  heart doing a kind of drum-roll in hi  che t. Whoever had  ent that Patronu  would be appearing at any moment. For a fraction of a  econd he  tood, irre olute, in front of Hagrid’  door. You mu t not be  een. But he didn’t want to be  een. He wanted to do the  eeing … he had to know … And there were the Dementor . They were emerging out of the darkne  from every direction, gliding around the edge  of the lake … they were moving away from where Harry  tood, to the oppo ite bank … he wouldn’t have to get near them … Harry began to run. He had no thought in hi  head except hi  father … If it wa  him … if it really wa  him … he had to know, had to find out … The lake wa  coming nearer and nearer, but there wa  no  ign of anybody. On the oppo ite bank, he could  ee tiny glimmer  of  ilver – hi  own attempt  at a Patronu  – There wa  a bu h at the very edge of the water. Harry threw him elf behind it, peering de perately through the leave . On the oppo ite bank, the glimmer  of  ilver were  uddenly extingui hed. A terrified excitement  hot through him – any moment now – ‘Come on!’ he muttered,  taring about. ‘Where are you? Dad, come on –’ But no one came. Harry rai ed hi  head to look at the circle of Dementor  acro  the lake. One of them wa  lowering it  hood. It wa  time for the re cuer to appear – but no one wa  coming to help thi  time – And then it hit him – he under tood. He hadn’t  een hi  father – he had  een him elf – Harry flung him elf out from behind the bu h and pulled out hi  wand. ‘EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ he yelled. And out of the end of hi  wand bur t, not a  hapele  cloud of mi t, but a blinding, dazzling,  ilver animal. He  crewed up hi  eye , trying to  ee what it wa . It looked like a hor e. It wa  galloping  ilently away from him, acro  the black  urface of the lake. He  aw it lower it  head and charge at the  warming Dementor  … now it wa  galloping around and around the black  hape  on the ground, and the Dementor  were falling back,  cattering, retreating into the darkne  … they were gone. The Patronu  turned. It wa  cantering back toward  Harry acro  the  till  urface of the water. It wa n’t a hor e. It wa n’t a unicorn, either. It wa  a  tag. It wa   hining brightly a  the moon above … it wa  coming back to him … It  topped on the bank. It  hoove  made no mark on the  oft ground a  it  tared at Harry with it  large,  ilver eye . Slowly, it bowed it  antlered head. And Harry reali ed … ‘Prong ,’ he whi pered. But a  hi  trembling fingertip   tretched toward  the creature, it vani hed. Harry  tood there, hand  till out tretched. Then, with a great leap of hi  heart, he heard hoove  behind him – he whirled around and  aw Hermione da hing toward  him, dragging Buckbeak behind her. ‘What did you do?’  he  aid fiercely. ‘You  aid you were only going to keep a lookout!’ ‘I ju t  aved all our live  …’  aid Harry. ‘Get behind here – behind thi  bu h – I’ll explain.’ Hermione li tened to what had ju t happened with her mouth open yet again. ‘Did anyone  ee you?’ ‘Ye , haven’t you been li tening? I  aw me but I thought I wa  my dad! It’  OK!’ ‘Harry, I can’t believe it – you conjured up a Patronu  that drove away all tho e Dementor ! That’  very, very advanced magic …’ ‘I knew I could do it thi  time,’  aid Harry, ‘becau e I’d already done it … Doe  that make  en e?’ ‘I don’t know – Harry, look at Snape!’ Together they peered around the bu h at the other bank. Snape had regained con ciou ne . He wa  conjuring  tretcher  and lifting the limp form  of Harry, Hermione and Black onto them. A fourth  tretcher, no doubt bearing Ron, wa  already floating at hi   ide. Then, wand held out in front of him, he moved them away toward  the ca tle. ‘Right, it’  nearly time,’  aid Hermione ten ely, looking at her watch. ‘We’ve got about forty-five minute  until Dumbledore lock  the door to the ho pital wing. We’ve got to re cue Siriu  and get back into the ward before anybody reali e  we’re mi ing …’ They waited, watching the moving cloud  reflected in the lake, while the bu h next to them whi pered in the breeze. Buckbeak, bored, wa  ferreting for worm  again. ‘D’you reckon he’  up there yet?’  aid Harry, checking hi  watch. He looked up at the ca tle, and began counting the window  to the right of the We t Tower. ‘Look!’ Hermione whi pered. ‘Who’  that? Someone’  coming back out of the ca tle!’ Harry  tared through the darkne . The man wa  hurrying acro  the ground , toward  one of the entrance . Something  hiny glinted in hi  belt. ‘Macnair!’  aid Harry. ‘The executioner! He’  gone to get the Dementor ! Thi  i  it, Hermione –’ Hermione put her hand  on Buckbeak’  back and Harry gave her a leg up. Then he placed hi  foot on one of the lower branche  of the bu h and climbed up in front of her. He pulled Buckbeak’  rope back over hi  neck and tied it to the other  ide of hi  collar like rein . ‘Ready?’ he whi pered to Hermione. ‘You’d better hold on to me –’ He nudged Buckbeak’   ide  with hi  heel . Buckbeak  oared  traight into the dark air. Harry gripped hi  flank  with hi  knee , feeling the great wing  ri ing powerfully beneath them. Hermione wa  holding Harry very tightly around the wai t; he could hear her muttering, ‘Oh, no – I don’t like thi  – oh, I really don’t like thi  –’ Harry urged Buckbeak forward . They were gliding quietly toward  the upper floor  of the ca tle … Harry pulled hard on the left-hand  ide of the rope, and Buckbeak turned. Harry wa  trying to count the window  fla hing pa t – ‘Whoa!’ he  aid, pulling backward  a  hard a  he could. Buckbeak  lowed down and they found them elve  at a  top, unle  you counted the fact that they kept ri ing up and down  everal feet a  he beat hi  wing  to remain airborne. ‘He’  there!’ Harry  aid,  potting Siriu  a  they ro e up be ide the window. He reached out, and a  Buckbeak’  wing  fell, wa  able to tap  harply on the gla . Black looked up. Harry  aw hi  jaw drop. He leapt from hi  chair, hurried to the window and tried to open it, but it wa  locked. ‘Stand back!’ Hermione called to him, and  he took out her wand,  till gripping the back of Harry’  robe  with her left hand. ‘Alohomora!’ The window  prang open. ‘How – how –?’  aid Black weakly,  taring at the Hippogriff. ‘Get on – there’  not much time,’  aid Harry, gripping Buckbeak firmly on either  ide of hi   leek neck to hold him  teady. ‘You’ve got to get out of here – the Dementor  are coming. Macnair’  gone to get them.’ Black placed a hand on either  ide of the window-frame and heaved hi  head and  houlder  out of it. It wa  very lucky he wa   o thin. In  econd , he had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeak’  back, and pull him elf onto the Hippogriff behind Hermione. ‘OK, Buckbeak, up!’  aid Harry,  haking the rope. ‘Up to the tower – come on!’ The Hippogriff gave one  weep of it  mighty wing  and they were  oaring upward  again, high a  the top of the We t Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlement  and Harry and Hermione  lid off him at once. ‘Siriu , you’d better go, quick,’ Harry panted. ‘They’ll reach Flitwick’  office any moment, they’ll find out you’ve gone.’ Buckbeak pawed the ground, to ing hi   harp head. ‘What happened to the other boy? Ron?’  aid Siriu  urgently. ‘He’  going to be OK – he’   till out of it, but Madam Pomfrey  ay   he’ll be able to make him better. Quick – go!’ But Black wa   till  taring down at Harry. ‘How can I ever thank –’ ‘GO!’ Harry and Hermione  houted together. Black wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open  ky. ‘We’ll  ee each other again,’ he  aid. ‘You are – truly your father’   on, Harry …’ He  queezed Buckbeak’   ide  with hi  heel . Harry and Hermione jumped back a  the enormou  wing  ro e once more … the Hippogriff took off into the air … he and hi  rider became  maller and  maller a  Harry gazed after them … then a cloud drifted acro  the moon … they were gone. Harry Potter And The Pri oner of Azkaban CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO Owl Po t Again ‘Harry!’ Hermione wa  tugging at hi   leeve,  taring at her watch. ‘We’ve got exactly ten minute  to get back down to the ho pital wing without anybody  eeing u  – before Dumbledore lock  the door –’ ‘OK,’  aid Harry, wrenching hi  gaze from the  ky, ‘let’  go …’ They  lipped through the doorway behind them and down a tightly  piralling  tone  tairca e. A  they reached the bottom of it, they heard voice . They flattened them elve  again t the wall and li tened. It  ounded like Fudge and Snape. They were walking quickly along the corridor at the foot of the  tairca e. ‘… only hope Dumbledore’  not going to make difficultie ,’ Snape wa   aying. ‘The Ki  will be performed immediately?’ ‘A   oon a  Macnair return  with the Dementor . Thi  whole Black affair ha  been highly embarra ing. I can’t tell you how much I’m looking forward to informing the Daily Prophet that we’ve got him at la t … I dare ay they’ll want to interview you, Snape … and once young Harry’  back in hi  right mind, I expect he’ll want to tell the Prophet exactly how you  aved him …’ Harry clenched hi  teeth. He caught a glimp e of Snape’   mirk a  he and Fudge pa ed Harry and Hermione’  hiding place. Their foot tep  died away. Harry and Hermione waited a few moment  to make  ure they’d really gone, then  tarted to run in the oppo ite direction. Down one  tairca e, then another, along a new corridor – then they heard a cackling ahead. ‘Peeve !’ Harry muttered, grabbing Hermione’  wri t. ‘In here!’ They tore into a de erted cla room to their left ju t in time. Peeve   eemed to be bouncing along the corridor in tearing  pirit , laughing hi  head off. ‘Oh, he’  horrible,’ whi pered Hermione, her ear to the door. ‘I bet he’  all excited becau e the Dementor  are going to fini h Siriu  …’ She checked her watch. ‘Three minute , Harry!’ They waited until Peeve ’  gloating voice had faded into the di tance, then  lid back out of the room and broke into a run again. ‘Hermione – what’ll happen – if we don’t get back in ide – before Dumbledore lock  the door?’ Harry panted. ‘I don’t want to think about it!’ Hermione moaned, checking her watch again. ‘One minute!’ They had reached the end of the corridor with the ho pital-wing entrance. ‘OK – I can hear Dumbledore,’  aid Hermione ten ely. ‘Come on, Harry!’ They crept along the corridor. The door opened. Dumbledore’  back appeared. ‘I am going to lock you in,’ they heard him  aying. ‘It i  five minute  to midnight. Mi  Granger, three turn   hould do it. Good luck.’ Dumbledore backed out of the room, clo ed the door and took out hi  wand to magically lock it. Panicking, Harry and Hermione ran forward . Dumbledore looked up, and a wide  mile appeared under the long  ilver mou tache. ‘Well?’ he  aid quietly. ‘We did it!’  aid Harry breathle ly. ‘Siriu  ha  gone, on Buckbeak …’ Dumbledore beamed at them. ‘Well done. I think –’ he li tened intently for any  ound within the ho pital wing. ‘Ye , I think you’ve gone, too. Get in ide – I’ll lock you in –’ Harry and Hermione  lipped back in ide the dormitory. It wa  empty except for Ron, who wa   till lying motionle  in the end bed. A  the lock clicked behind them, Harry and Hermione crept back to their own bed , Hermione tucking the Time-Turner back under her robe . Next moment, Madam Pomfrey had come  triding back out of her office. ‘Did I hear the Headma ter leaving? Am I allowed to look after my patient  now?’ She wa  in a very bad mood. Harry and Hermione thought it be t to accept their chocolate quietly. Madam Pomfrey  tood over them, making  ure they ate it. But Harry could hardly  wallow. He and Hermione were waiting, li tening, their nerve  jangling … And then, a  they both took a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, they heard a di tant roar of fury echoing from  omewhere above them … ‘What wa  that?’  aid Madam Pomfrey in alarm. Now they could hear angry voice , growing louder and louder. Madam Pomfrey wa   taring at the door. ‘Really – they’ll wake everybody up! What do they think they’re doing?’ Harry wa  trying to hear what the voice  were  aying. They were drawing nearer – ‘He mu t have Di apparated, Severu , we  hould have left  omebody in the room with him. When thi  get  out –’ ‘HE DIDN’T DISAPPARATE!’ Snape roared, now very clo e at hand. ‘YOU CAN’T APPARATE OR DISAPPARATE INSIDE THIS CASTLE! THIS – HAS – SOMETHING – TO – DO – WITH – POTTER!’ ‘Severu  – be rea onable – Harry ha  been locked up –’ BAM. The door of the ho pital wing bur t open. Fudge, Snape and Dumbledore came  triding into the ward. Dumbledore alone looked calm. Indeed, he looked a  though he wa  quite enjoying him elf. Fudge appeared angry. But Snape wa  be ide him elf. ‘OUT WITH IT, POTTER!’ he bellowed. ‘WHAT DID YOU DO?’ ‘Profe or Snape!’  hrieked Madam Pomfrey. ‘Control your elf!’ ‘See here, Snape, be rea onable,’  aid Fudge. ‘Thi  door’  been locked, we ju t  aw –’ ‘THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT!’ Snape howled, pointing at Harry and Hermione. Hi  face wa  twi ted,  pit wa  flying from hi  mouth. ‘Calm down, man!’ Fudge barked. ‘You’re talking non en e!’ ‘YOU DON’T KNOW POTTER!’  hrieked Snape. ‘HE DID IT, I KNOW HE DID IT –’ ‘That will do, Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘Think about what you are  aying. Thi  door ha  been locked  ince I left the ward ten minute  ago. Madam Pomfrey, have the e  tudent  left their bed ?’ ‘Of cour e not!’  aid Madam Pomfrey, bri tling. ‘I’ve been with them ever  ince you left!’ ‘Well, there you have it, Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore calmly. ‘Unle  you are  ugge ting that Harry and Hermione are able to be in two place  at once, I’m afraid I don’t  ee any point in troubling them further.’ Snape  tood there,  eething,  taring from Fudge, who looked thoroughly  hocked at hi  behaviour, to Dumbledore, who e eye  were twinkling behind hi  gla e . Snape whirled about, robe   wi hing behind him, and  tormed out of the ward. ‘Fellow  eem  quite unbalanced,’  aid Fudge,  taring after him. ‘I’d watch out for him, if I were you, Dumbledore.’ ‘Oh, he’  not unbalanced,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘He’  ju t  uffered a  evere di appointment.’ ‘He’  not the only one!’ puffed Fudge. ‘The Daily Prophet’  going to have a field day! We had Black cornered and he  lipped through our finger  yet again! All it need  now i  for the  tory of that Hippogriff  e cape to get out, and I’ll be a laughing  tock! Well … I’d better go and notify the Mini try …’ ‘And the Dementor ?’  aid Dumbledore. ‘They’ll be removed from the  chool, I tru t?’ ‘Oh, ye , they’ll have to go,’  aid Fudge, running hi  finger  di tractedly through hi  hair. ‘Never dreamed they’d attempt to admini ter the Ki  on an innocent boy … completely out of control … No, I’ll have them packed off back to Azkaban tonight. Perhap  we  hould think about dragon  at the  chool entrance …’ ‘Hagrid would like that,’  aid Dumbledore, with a  wift  mile at Harry and Hermione. A  he and Fudge left the dormitory, Madam Pomfrey hurried to the door and locked it again. Muttering angrily to her elf,  he headed back to her office. There wa  a low moan from the other end of the ward. Ron had woken up. They could  ee him  itting up, rubbing hi  head, looking around. ‘What – what happened?’ he groaned. ‘Harry? Why are we in here? Where’  Siriu ? Where’  Lupin? What’  going on?’ Harry and Hermione looked at each other. ‘You explain,’  aid Harry, helping him elf to  ome more chocolate. * When Harry, Ron and Hermione left the ho pital wing at noon next day, it wa  to find an almo t de erted ca tle. The  weltering heat and the end of the exam  meant that everyone wa  taking full advantage of another Hog meade vi it. Neither Ron nor Hermione felt like going, however,  o they and Harry wandered into the ground ,  till talking about the extraordinary event  of the previou  night and wondering where Siriu  and Buckbeak were now. Sitting near the lake, watching the giant  quid waving it  tentacle  lazily above the water, Harry lo t the thread of the conver ation a  he looked acro  to the oppo ite bank. The  tag had galloped toward  him from there ju t la t night … A  hadow fell acro  them and they looked up to  ee a very bleary-eyed Hagrid, mopping hi   weaty face with one of hi  tablecloth- ized handkerchief  and beaming down at them. ‘Know I  houldn’ feel happy, after wha’ happened la ’ night,’ he  aid. ‘I mean, Black e capin’ again, an’ everythin’ – but gue  what?’ ‘What?’ they  aid, pretending to look curiou . ‘Beaky! He e caped! He’  free! Bin celebratin’ all night!’ ‘That’  wonderful!’  aid Hermione, giving Ron a reproving look becau e he looked a  though he wa  clo e to laughing. ‘Yeah … can’t’ve tied him up properly,’  aid Hagrid, gazing happily out over the ground . ‘I wa  worried thi  mornin’, mind … thought he mighta met Profe or Lupin in the ground , but Lupin  ay  he never ate anythin’ la ’ night …’ ‘What?’  aid Harry quickly. ‘Blimey, haven’ yeh heard?’  aid Hagrid, hi   mile fading a little. He lowered hi  voice, even though there wa  nobody in  ight. ‘Er – Snape told all the Slytherin  thi  mornin’ … thought everyone’d know by now … Profe or Lupin’  a werewolf,  ee. An’ he wa  loo e in the ground  la ’ night. He’  packin’ now, o’ cour e.’ ‘He’  packing?’  aid Harry, alarmed. ‘Why?’ ‘Leavin’, i n’ he?’  aid Hagrid, looking  urpri ed that Harry had to a k. ‘Re igned fir ’ thing thi  mornin’. Say  he can’ ri k it happenin’ again.’ Harry  crambled to hi  feet. ‘I’m going to  ee him,’ he  aid to Ron and Hermione. ‘But if he’  re igned –’ ‘– doe n’t  ound like there’  anything we can do –’ ‘I don’t care. I  till want to  ee him. I’ll meet you back here.’ * Lupin’  office door wa  open. He had already packed mo t of hi  thing . The Grindylow’  empty tank  tood next to hi  battered old  uitca e, which wa  open and nearly full. Lupin wa  bending over  omething on hi  de k, and only looked up when Harry knocked on the door. ‘I  aw you coming,’  aid Lupin,  miling. He pointed to the parchment he had been poring over. It wa  the Marauder’  Map. ‘I ju t  aw Hagrid,’  aid Harry. ‘And he  aid you’d re igned. It’  not true, i  it?’ ‘I’m afraid it i ,’  aid Lupin. He  tarted opening hi  de k drawer  and taking out the content . ‘Why?’  aid Harry. ‘The Mini try of Magic don’t think you were helping Siriu , do they?’ Lupin cro ed to the door and clo ed it behind Harry. ‘No. Profe or Dumbledore managed to convince Fudge that I wa  trying to  ave your live .’ He  ighed. ‘That wa  the final  traw for Severu . I think the lo  of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he – er – accidentally let  lip that I am a werewolf thi  morning at breakfa t.’ ‘You’re not leaving ju t becau e of that!’  aid Harry. Lupin  miled wryly. ‘Thi  time tomorrow, the owl  will  tart arriving from parent  – they will not want a werewolf teaching their children, Harry. And after la t night, I  ee their point. I could have bitten any of you … that mu t never happen again.’ ‘You’re the be t Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher we’ve ever had!’  aid Harry. ‘Don’t go!’ Lupin  hook hi  head and didn’t  peak. He carried on emptying hi  drawer . Then, while Harry wa  trying to think of a good argument to make him  tay, Lupin  aid, ‘From what the Headma ter told me thi  morning, you  aved a lot of live  la t night, Harry. If I’m proud of anything, it’  how much you’ve learned. Tell me about your Patronu .’ ‘How d’you know about that?’  aid Harry, di tracted. ‘What el e could have driven the Dementor  back?’ Harry told Lupin what had happened. When he’d fini hed, Lupin wa   miling again. ‘Ye , your father wa  alway  a  tag when he tran formed,’ he  aid. ‘You gue ed right … that’  why we called him Prong .’ Lupin threw hi  la t few book  into hi  ca e, clo ed the de k drawer  and turned to look at Harry. ‘Here – I brought thi  from the Shrieking Shack la t night,’ he  aid, handing Harry back the Invi ibility Cloak. ‘And …’ he he itated, then held out the Marauder’  Map, too. ‘I am no longer your teacher,  o I don’t feel guilty about giving you thi  back a  well. It’  no u e to me, and I dare ay you, Ron and Hermione will find u e  for it.’ Harry took the map and grinned. ‘You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prong  would’ve wanted to lure me out of  chool … you  aid they’d have thought it wa  funny.’ ‘And  o we would have done,’  aid Lupin, now reaching down to clo e hi  ca e. ‘I have no he itation in  aying that Jame  would have been highly di appointed if hi   on had never found any of the  ecret pa age  out of the ca tle.’ There wa  a knock on the door. Harry ha tily  tuffed the Marauder’  Map and the Invi ibility Cloak into hi  pocket. It wa  Profe or Dumbledore. He didn’t look  urpri ed to  ee Harry there. ‘Your carriage i  at the gate , Remu ,’ he  aid. ‘Thank you, Headma ter.’ Lupin picked up hi  old  uitca e and the empty Grindylow tank. ‘Well – goodbye, Harry’ he  aid,  miling. ‘It ha  been a real plea ure teaching you. I feel  ure we’ll meet again  ome time. Headma ter, there i  no need to  ee me to the gate , I can manage …’ Harry had the impre ion that Lupin wanted to leave a  quickly a  po ible. ‘Goodbye, then, Remu ,’  aid Dumbledore  oberly. Lupin  hifted the Grindylow tank  lightly  o that he and Dumbledore could  hake hand . Then, with a final nod to Harry, and a  wift  mile, Lupin left the office. Harry  at down in hi  vacated chair,  taring glumly at the floor. He heard the door clo e and looked up. Dumbledore wa   till there. ‘Why  o mi erable, Harry?’ he  aid quietly. ‘You  hould be very proud of your elf after la t night.’ ‘It didn’t make any difference,’  aid Harry bitterly. ‘Pettigrew got away.’ ‘Didn’t make any difference?’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘It made all the difference in the world, Harry. You helped uncover the truth. You  aved an innocent man from a terrible fate.’ Terrible. Something  tirred in Harry’  memory. Greater and more terrible than ever before … Profe or Trelawney’  prediction! ‘Profe or Dumbledore – ye terday, when I wa  having my Divination exam, Profe or Trelawney went very – very  trange.’ ‘Indeed?’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Er –  tranger than u ual, you mean?’ ‘Ye  … her voice went all deep and her eye  rolled and  he  aid …  he  aid Voldemort’   ervant wa  going to  et out to return to him before midnight …  he  aid the  ervant would help him come back to power.’ Harry  tared up at Dumbledore. ‘And then  he  ort of became normal again, and  he couldn’t remember anything  he’d  aid. Wa  it – wa   he making a real prediction?’ Dumbledore looked mildly impre ed. ‘Do you know, Harry, I think  he might have been,’ he  aid thoughtfully. ‘Who’d have thought it? That bring  her total of real prediction  up to two. I  hould offer her a pay ri e …’ ‘But –’ Harry looked at him, agha t. How could Dumbledore take thi   o calmly? ‘But – I  topped Siriu  and Profe or Lupin killing Pettigrew! That make  it my fault, if Voldemort come  back!’ ‘It doe  not,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘Ha n’t your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Harry? The con equence  of our action  are alway   o complicated,  o diver e, that predicting the future i  a very difficult bu ine  indeed … Profe or Trelawney, ble  her, i  living proof of that. You did a very noble thing, in  aving Pettigrew’  life.’ ‘But if he help  Voldemort back to power –!’ ‘Pettigrew owe  hi  life to you. You have  ent Voldemort a deputy who i  in your debt. When one wizard  ave  another wizard’  life, it create  a certain bond between them … and I’m much mi taken if Voldemort want  hi   ervant in the debt of Harry Potter.’ ‘I don’t want a bond with Pettigrew!’  aid Harry. ‘He betrayed my parent !’ ‘Thi  i  magic at it  deepe t, it  mo t impenetrable, Harry. But tru t me … the time may come when you will be very glad you  aved Pettigrew’  life.’ Harry couldn’t imagine when that would be. Dumbledore looked a  though he knew what Harry wa  thinking. ‘I knew your father very well, both at Hogwart  and later, Harry,’ he  aid gently. ‘He would have  aved Pettigrew too, I am  ure of it.’ Harry looked up at him. Dumbledore wouldn’t laugh – he could tell Dumbledore … ‘La t night … I thought it wa  my dad who’d conjured my Patronu . I mean, when I  aw my elf acro  the lake … I thought I wa   eeing him.’ ‘An ea y mi take to make,’  aid Dumbledore  oftly. ‘I expect you’re tired of hearing it, but you do look extraordinarily like Jame . Except for your eye  … you have your mother’  eye .’ Harry  hook hi  head. ‘It wa   tupid, thinking it wa  him,’ he muttered. ‘I mean, I knew he wa  dead.’ ‘You think the dead we have loved ever truly leave u ? You think that we don’t recall them more clearly than ever in time  of great trouble? Your father i  alive in you, Harry, and  how  him elf mo t plainly when you have need of him. How el e could you produce that particular Patronu ? Prong  rode again la t night.’ It took a moment for Harry to reali e what Dumbledore had  aid. ‘Siriu  told me all about how they became Animagi la t night,’  aid Dumbledore,  miling. ‘An extraordinary achievement – not lea t, keeping it quiet from me. And then I remembered the mo t unu ual form your Patronu  took, when it charged Mr Malfoy down at your Quidditch match again t Ravenclaw. So you did  ee your father la t night, Harry … you found him in ide your elf.’ And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to hi  very confu ed thought . * Nobody at Hogwart  knew the truth of what had happened the night that Siriu , Buckbeak and Pettigrew had vani hed except Harry, Ron, Hermione and Profe or Dumbledore. A  the end of term approached, Harry heard many different theorie  about what had really happened, but none of them came clo e to the truth. Malfoy wa  furiou  about Buckbeak. He wa  convinced that Hagrid had found a way of  muggling the Hippogriff to  afety, and  eemed outraged that he and hi  father had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. Percy Wea ley, meanwhile, had much to  ay on the  ubject of Siriu ’  e cape. ‘If I manage to get into the Mini try, I’ll have a lot of propo al  to make about Magical Law Enforcement!’ he told the only per on who would li ten – hi  girlfriend, Penelope. Though the weather wa  perfect, though the atmo phere wa   o cheerful, though he knew they had achieved the near impo ible in helping Siriu  to freedom, Harry had never approached the end of a  chool year in wor e  pirit . He certainly wa n’t the only one who wa   orry to  ee Profe or Lupin go. The whole of Harry’  Defence Again t the Dark Art  cla  were mi erable about hi  re ignation. ‘Wonder what they’ll give u  next year?’  aid Seamu  Finnigan gloomily. ‘Maybe a vampire,’  ugge ted Dean Thoma  hopefully. It wa n’t only Profe or Lupin’  departure that wa  weighing on Harry’  mind. He couldn’t help thinking a lot about Profe or Trelawney’  prediction. He kept wondering where Pettigrew wa  now, whether he had  ought  anctuary with Voldemort yet. But the thing that wa  lowering Harry’   pirit  mo t of all wa  the pro pect of returning to the Dur ley . For maybe half an hour, a gloriou  half-hour, he had believed he would be living with Siriu  from now on … hi  parent ’ be t friend … it would have been the next be t thing to having hi  own father back. And while no new  of Siriu  wa  definitely good new , becau e it meant he had  ucce fully gone into hiding, Harry couldn’t help feeling mi erable when he thought of the home he might have had, and the fact that it wa  now impo ible. The exam re ult  came out on the la t day of term. Harry, Ron and Hermione had pa ed every  ubject. Harry wa  amazed that he had got through Potion . He had a  hrewd  u picion that Dumbledore had  tepped in to  top Snape failing him on purpo e. Snape’  behaviour toward  Harry over the pa t week had been quite alarming. Harry wouldn’t have thought it po ible that Snape’  di like for him could increa e, but it certainly had done. A mu cle twitched unplea antly at the corner of Snape’  thin mouth every time he looked at Harry, and he wa  con tantly flexing hi  finger , a  though itching to place them around Harry’  throat. Percy had got hi  top-grade NEWT ; Fred and George had  craped a handful of OWL  each. Gryffindor hou e, meanwhile, largely thank  to their  pectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had won the Hou e Champion hip for the third year running. Thi  meant that the end-of-term fea t took place amid decoration  of  carlet and gold, and that the Gryffindor table wa  the noi ie t of the lot, a  everybody celebrated. Even Harry managed to forget about the journey back to the Dur ley  next day a  he ate, drank, talked and laughed with the re t. * A  the Hogwart  Expre  pulled out of the  tation next morning, Hermione gave Harry and Ron  ome  urpri ing new . ‘I went to  ee Profe or McGonagall thi  morning, ju t before breakfa t. I’ve decided to drop Muggle Studie .’ ‘But you pa ed your exam with three hundred and twenty per cent!’  aid Ron. ‘I know,’  ighed Hermione, ‘but I can’t  tand another year like thi  one. That Time-Turner, it wa  driving me mad. I’ve handed it in. Without Muggle Studie  and Divination, I’ll be able to have a normal timetable again.’ ‘I  till can’t believe you didn’t tell u  about it,’  aid Ron grumpily. ‘We’re  uppo ed to be your friend .’ ‘I promi ed I wouldn’t tell anyone,’  aid Hermione  everely. She looked around at Harry, who wa  watching Hogwart  di appear from view behind a mountain. Two whole month  before he’d  ee it again … ‘Oh, cheer up, Harry!’  aid Hermione  adly. ‘I’m OK,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘Ju t thinking about the holiday .’ ‘Yeah, I’ve been thinking about them, too,’  aid Ron. ‘Harry, you’ve got to come and  tay with u . I’ll fix it up with Mum and Dad, then I’ll call you. I know how to u e a felly tone now –’ ‘A telephone, Ron,’  aid Hermione. ‘Hone tly, you  hould take Muggle Studie  next year …’ Ron ignored her. ‘It’  the Quidditch World Cup thi   ummer! How about it, Harry? Come and  tay, and we’ll go and  ee it! Dad can u ually get ticket  from work.’ Thi  propo al had the effect of cheering Harry up a great deal. ‘Yeah … I bet the Dur ley ’d be plea ed to let me come … e pecially after what I did to Aunt Marge …’ Feeling con iderably more cheerful, Harry joined Ron and Hermione in  everal game  of Exploding Snap, and when the witch with the tea trolley arrived, he bought him elf a very large lunch, though nothing with chocolate in it. But it wa  late in the afternoon before the thing that made him truly happy turned up … ‘Harry,’  aid Hermione  uddenly, peering over hi   houlder. ‘What’  that thing out ide your window?’ Harry turned to look out ide. Something very  mall and grey wa  bobbing in and out of  ight beyond the gla . He  tood up for a better look and  aw that it wa  a tiny owl, carrying a letter which wa  much too big for it. The owl wa   o  mall, in fact, that it kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted thi  way and that in the train’   lip tream. Harry quickly pulled down the window,  tretched out hi  arm and caught it. It felt like a very fluffy Snitch. He brought it carefully in ide. The owl dropped it  letter onto Harry’   eat and began zooming around their compartment, apparently very plea ed with it elf for accompli hing it  ta k. Hedwig clicked her beak with a  ort of dignified di approval. Crook hank   at up in hi   eat, following the owl with hi  great yellow eye . Ron, noticing thi ,  natched the owl  afely out of harm’  way. Harry picked up the letter. It wa  addre ed to him. He ripped open the letter and  houted, ‘It’  from Siriu !’ ‘What?’  aid Ron and Hermione excitedly. ‘Read it aloud!’ Dear Harry, I hope thi  find  you before you reach your aunt and uncle. I don’t know whether they’re u ed to owl po t. Buckbeak and I are in hiding. I won’t tell you where, in ca e thi  fall  into the wrong hand . I have  ome doubt about the owl’  reliability, but he i  the be t I could find, and he did  eem eager for the job. I believe the Dementor  are  till  earching for me, but they haven’t a hope of finding me here. I am planning to allow  ome Muggle  to glimp e me  oon, a long way from Hogwart ,  o that the  ecurity on the ca tle will be lifted. There i   omething I never got round to telling you during our brief meeting. It wa  I who  ent you the Firebolt – ‘Ha!’  aid Hermione triumphantly. ‘See! I told you it wa  from him!’ ‘Ye , but he hadn’t jinxed it, had he?’  aid Ron. ‘Ouch!’ The tiny owl, now hooting happily in hi  hand, had nibbled one of hi  finger  in what it  eemed to think wa  an affectionate way. Crook hank  took the order to the Owl Office for me. I u ed your name but told them to take the gold from Gringott  vault number  even hundred and eleven – my own. Plea e con ider it a  thirteen birthday ’ worth of pre ent  from your godfather. I would al o like to apologi e for the fright I think I gave you, that night la t year when you left your uncle’  hou e. I had only hoped to get a glimp e of you before  tarting my journey north, but I think the  ight of me alarmed you. I am enclo ing  omething el e for you, which I think will make your next year at Hogwart  more enjoyable. If ever you need me,  end word. Your owl will find me. I’ll write again  oon. Siriu  Harry looked eagerly in ide the envelope. There wa  another piece of parchment in there. He read it through quickly and felt  uddenly a  warm and contented a  though he’d  wallowed a bottle of hot Butterbeer in one go. I, Siriu  Black, Harry Potter’  godfather, hereby give him permi ion to vi it Hog meade at weekend . ‘That’ll be good enough for Dumbledore!’  aid Harry happily. He looked back at Siriu ’  letter. ‘Hang on, there’  a PS … I thought your friend Ron might like to keep thi  owl, a  it’  my fault he no longer ha  a rat. Ron’  eye  widened. The minute owl wa   till hooting excitedly. ‘Keep him?’ he  aid uncertainly. He looked clo ely at the owl for a moment, then, to Harry and Hermione’  great  urpri e, he held him out for Crook hank  to  niff. ‘What d’you reckon?’ Ron a ked the cat. ‘Definitely an owl?’ Crook hank  purred. ‘That’  good enough for me,’  aid Ron happily. ‘He’  mine.’ Harry read and re-read the letter from Siriu  all the way back into King’  Cro  Station. It wa   till clutched tightly in hi  hand a  he, Ron and Hermione  tepped back through the barrier of platform nine and three-quarter . Harry  potted Uncle Vernon at once. He wa   tanding a good di tance from Mr and Mr  Wea ley, eyeing them  u piciou ly, and when Mr  Wea ley hugged Harry in greeting, hi  wor t  u picion  about them  eemed confirmed. ‘I’ll call about the World Cup!’ Ron yelled after Harry, a  Harry bid him and Hermione goodbye, then wheeled the trolley bearing hi  trunk and Hedwig’  cage toward  Uncle Vernon, who greeted him in u ual fa hion. ‘What’  that?’ he  narled,  taring at the envelope Harry wa   till clutching in hi  hand. ‘If it’  another form for me to  ign, you’ve got another –’ ‘It’  not,’  aid Harry cheerfully. ‘It’  a letter from my godfather.’ ‘Godfather?’  pluttered Uncle Vernon. ‘You haven’t got a godfather!’ ‘Ye , I have,’  aid Harry brightly. ‘He wa  my mum and dad’  be t friend. He’  a convicted murderer, but he’  broken out of wizard pri on and he’  on the run. He like  to keep in touch with me, though … keep up with my new  … check I’m happy …’ And grinning broadly at the look of horror on Uncle Vernon’  face, Harry  et off toward  the  tation exit, Hedwig rattling along in front of him, for what looked like a much better  ummer than the la t. 