The hotte t day of the  ummer  o far wa  drawing to a clo e and a drow y  ilence lay over the large,  quare hou e  of Privet Drive. Car  that were u ually gleaming  tood du ty in their drive  and lawn  that were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing -for the u e of ho epipe  had been banned due to drought. Deprived of their u ual car-wa hing and lawn-mowing pur uit , the inhabitant  of Privet Drive had retreated into the  hade of their cool hou e , window  thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a nonexi tent breeze. The only per on left outdoor  wa  a teenage boy who wa  lying flat on hi  back in a flowerbed out ide number four. He wa  a  kinny, black-haired, be pectacled boy who had the pinched,  lightly unhealthy look of  omeone who ha  grown a lot in a  hort  pace of time. Hi  jean  were torn and dirty, hi  T- hirt baggy and faded, and the  ole  of hi  trainer  were peeling away from the upper . Harry Potter'  appearance did not endear him to the neighbor , who were the  ort of people who thought  cruffine  ought to be puni hable by law, but a  he had hidden him elf behind a large hydrangea bu h thi  evening he wa  quite invi ible to pa er -by. In fact, the only way he would be  potted wa  if hi  Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia  tuck their head  out of the living-room window and looked  traight down into the flowerbed below. On the whole, Harry thought he wa  to be congratulated on hi  idea of hiding here. He wa  not, perhap , very comfortable lying on the hot, hard earth but, on the other hand, nobody wa  glaring at him, grinding their teeth  o loudly that he could not hear the new , or  hooting na ty que tion  at him, a  had happened every time he had tried  itting down in the living room to watch televi ion with hi  aunt and uncle. Almo t a  though thi  thought had fluttered through the open window, Vernon Dur ley, Harry'  uncle,  uddenly  poke. 'Glad to  ee the boy'   topped trying to butt in. Where i  he, anyway?' 'I don't know,'  aid Aunt Petunia, unconcerned. 'Not in the hou e.' Uncle Vernon grunted. 'Watching the new  …' he  aid  cathingly. 'I'd like to know what he'  really up to. A  if a normal boy care  what'  on the new  -Dudley ha n't got a clue what'  going on; doubt he know  who the Prime Mini ter i ! Anyway, it'  not a  if there'd be anything about hi  lot on our new  — ' 'Vernon,  hh!'  aid Aunt Petunia. The window'  open!' 'Oh - ye  -  orry, dear.' The Dur ley  fell  ilent. Harry li tened to a jingle about Fruit 'n' Bran breakfa t cereal while he watched Mr . Figg, a batty cat-loving old lady from nearby Wi teria Walk, amble  lowly pa t. She wa  frowning and muttering to her elf. Harry wa  very plea ed he wa  concealed behind the bu h, a  Mr . Figg had recently taken to a king him round for tea whenever  he met him in the  treet. She had rounded the corner and vani hed from view before Uncle Vernon'  voice floated out of the window again. 'Dudder  out for tea?' 'At the Polki e ','  aid Aunt Petunia fondly. 'He'  got  o many little friend , he'   o popular Harry  uppre ed a  nort with difficulty. The Dur ley  really were a toni hingly  tupid about their  on, Dudley. They had  wallowed all hi  dim-witted lie  about having tea with a different member of hi  gang every night of the  ummer holiday . Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley had not been to tea anywhere; he and hi  gang  pent every evening vandali ing the play park,  moking on  treet corner  and throwing  tone  at pa ing car  and children. Harry had  een them at it during hi  evening walk  around Little Whinging; he had  pent mo t of the holiday  wandering the  treet ,  cavenging new paper  from bin  along the way. The opening note  of the mu ic that heralded the  even o'clock new  reached Harry'  ear  and hi   tomach turned over. Perhap  tonight - after a month of waiting - would be the night. 'Record number  of  tranded holiday maker  fill airport  a  the Spani h baggage-handler '  trike reache  it   econd week - 'Give 'em a lifelong  ie ta, I would,'  narled Uncle Vernon over the end of the new reader'   entence, but no matter: out ide in the flowerbed, Harry   tomach  eemed to unclench. If anything had happened, it would  urely have been the fir t item on the new ; death and de truction were more important than  tranded holidaymaker . He let out a long,  low breath and  tared up at the brilliant blue  ky. Every day thi   ummer had been the  ame: the ten ion, the expectation, the temporary relief, and then mounting ten ion again… and alway , growing more in i tent all the time, the que tion of why nothing had happened yet. He kept li tening, ju t in ca e there wa   ome  mall clue, not recogni ed for what it really wa  by the Muggle  - an unexplained di appearance, perhap , or  ome  trange accident… but the baggage-handler '  trike wa  followed by new  about the drought in the Southea t ('I hope he'  li tening next door!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'Him with hi   prinkler  on at three in the morning!'), then a helicopter that had almo t cra hed in a field in Surrey, then a famou  actre '  divorce from her famou  hu band ('A  if we're intere ted in their  ordid affair ,'  niffed Aunt Petunia, who had followed the ca e ob e ively in every magazine  he could lay her bony hand  on). Harry clo ed hi  eye  again t the now blazing evening  ky a  the new reader  aid, '- and finally, Bungy the budgie ha  found a novel way of keeping cool thi   ummer. Bungy, who live  at the Five Feather  in Barn ley, ha  learned to water  ki! Mary Dorkin  went to find out more.' Harry opened hi  eye . If they had reached water- kiing budgerigar , there would be nothing el e worth hearing. He rolled cautiou ly on to hi  front and rai ed him elf on to hi  knee  and elbow , preparing to crawl out from under the window. He had moved about two inche  when  everal thing  happened in very quick  ucce ion. A loud, echoing crack broke the  leepy  ilence like a gun hot; a cat  treaked out from under a parked car and flew out of  ight; a  hriek, a bellowed oath and the  ound of breaking china came from the Dur ley ' living room, and a  though thi  wa  the  ignal Harry had been waiting for he jumped to hi  feet, at the  ame time pulling from the wai tband of hi  jean  a thin wooden wand a  if he were un heathing a  word - but before he could draw him elf up to full height, the top of hi  head collided with the Dur ley ' open window. The re ultant cra h made Aunt Petunia  cream even louder. Harry felt a  though hi  head had been  plit in two. Eye   treaming, he  wayed, trying to focu  on the  treet to  pot the  ource of the noi e, but he had barely  taggered upright when two large purple hand  reached through the open window and clo ed tightly around hi  throat. 'Put - it - away!' Uncle Vernon  narled into Harry'  ear. 'Now.' Before - anyone -  ee !' 'Get - off - me!' Harry ga ped. For a few  econd  they  truggled, Harry pulling at hi  uncle   au age-like finger  with hi  left hand, hi  right maintaining a firm grip on hi  rai ed wand; then, a  the pain in the top of Harry'  head gave a particularly na ty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and relea ed Harry a  though he had received an electric  hock. Some invi ible force  eemed to have  urged through hi  nephew, making him impo ible to hold. Panting, Harry fell forward  over the hydrangea bu h,  traightened up and  tared around. There wa  no  ign of what had cau ed the loud cracking noi e, but there were  everal face  peering through variou  nearby window . Harry  tuffed hi  wand ha tily back into hi  jean  and tried to look innocent. 'Lovely evening!'  houted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mr . Number Seven oppo ite, who wa  glaring from behind her net curtain . 'Did you hear that car backfire ju t now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn!' He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curiou  neighbour  had di appeared from their variou  window , then the grin became a grimace of rage a  he beckoned Harry back toward  him. Harry moved a few  tep  clo er, taking care to  top ju t  hort of the point at which Uncle Vernon'  out tretched hand  could re ume their  trangling. 'What the devil do you mean by it, boy?' a ked Uncle Vernon in a croaky voice that trembled with fury. 'What do I mean by what?'  aid Harry coldly. He kept looking left and right up the  treet,  till hoping to  ee the per on who had made the cracking noi e. 'Making a racket like a  tarting pi tol right out ide our - 'I didn't make that noi e,'  aid Harry firmly. Aunt Petunia'  thin, hor y face now appeared be ide Uncle Vernon'  wide, purple one. She looked livid. 'Why were you lurking under our window?' 'Ye  - ye , good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our window, boy?' 'Li tening to the new ,'  aid Harry in a re igned voice. Hi  aunt and uncle exchanged look  of outrage. 'Li tening to the new ! Again?' 'Well, it change  every day, you  ee,'  aid Harry. 'Don't you be clever with me, boy! I want to know what you're really up to - and don't give me any more of thi  li tening to the new  to h! You know perfectly well that your lot - 'Careful, Vernon!' breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon lowered hi  voice  o that Harry could barely hear him,'- that your lot don't get on our new !' 'That'  all you know,'  aid Harry. The Dur ley  goggled at him for a few  econd , then Aunt Petunia  aid, 'You're a na ty little liar. What are all tho e -'  he, too, lowered her voice  o that Harry had to lip-read the next word, - owl  doing if they're not bringing you new ?' 'Aha!'  aid Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whi per. 'Get out of that one, boy! A  if we didn't know you get all your new  from tho e pe tilential bird !' Harry he itated for a moment. It co t him  omething to tell the truth thi  time, even though hi  aunt and uncle could not po ibly know how bad he felt at admitting it. 'The owl … aren't bringing me new ,' he  aid tonele ly. 'I don't believe it,'  aid Aunt Petunia at once. 'No more do I,'  aid Uncle Vernon forcefully. 'We know you're up to  omething funny,'  aid Aunt Petunia. 'We're not  tupid, you know,'  aid Uncle Vernon. 'Well, that'  new  to me,'  aid Harry, hi  temper ri ing, and before the Dur ley  could call him back, he had wheeled about, cro ed the front lawn,  tepped over the low garden wall and wa   triding off up the  treet. He wa  in trouble now and he knew it. He would have to face hi  aunt and uncle later and pay the price for hi  rudene , but he did not care very much ju t at the moment; he had much more pre ing matter  on hi  mind. Harry wa   ure the cracking noi e had been made by  omeone Apparating or Di apparating. It wa  exactly the  ound Dobby the hou e-elf made when he vani hed into thin air. Wa  it po ible that Dobby wa  here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby be following him right at thi  very moment? A  thi  thought occurred he wheeled around and  tared back down Privet Drive, but it appeared to be completely de erted and Harry wa   ure that Dobby did not know how to become invi ible. He walked on, hardly aware of the route he wa  taking, for he had pounded the e  treet   o often lately that hi  feet carried him to hi  favourite haunt  automatically. Every few  tep  he glanced back over hi   houlder. Someone magical had been near him a  he lay among Aunt Petunia'  dying begonia , he wa   ure of it. Why hadn't they  poken to him, why hadn't they made contact, why were they hiding now? And then, a  hi  feeling of fru tration peaked, hi  certainty leaked away. Perhap  it hadn't been a magical  ound after all. Perhap  he wa   o de perate for the tinie t  ign of contact from the world to which he belonged that he wa   imply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noi e . Could he be  ure it hadn't been the  ound of  omething breaking in ide a neighbour'  hou e? Harry felt a dull,  inking  en ation in hi   tomach and before he knew it the feeling of hopele ne  that had plagued him all  ummer rolled over him once again. Tomorrow morning he would be woken by the alarm at five o'clock  o he could pay the owl that delivered the Daily Prophet -but wa  there any point continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the front page before throwing it a ide the e day ; when the idiot  who ran the paper finally reali ed that Voldemort wa  back it would be headline new , and that wa  the only kind Harry cared about. If he wa  lucky, there would al o be owl  carrying letter  from hi  be t friend  Ron and Hermione, though any expectation he'd had that their letter  would bring him new  had long  ince been da hed. We can't  ay much about you-know-what, obviou ly… We've been told not to  ay anything important in ca e our letter  go a tray… We're quite bu y but I can't give you detail  here… There'  a fair amount going on, we'll tell you everything when we  ee you… But when were they going to  ee him? Nobody  eemed too bothered with a preci e date. Hermione had  cribbled I expect we'll be  eeing you quite  oon in ide hi  birthday card, but how  oon wa   oon? A  far a  Harry could tell from the vague hint  in their letter , Hermione and Ron were in the  ame place, pre umably at Ron'  parent ' hou e. He could hardly bear to think of the pair of them having fun at The Burrow when he wa   tuck in Privet Drive. In fact, he wa   o angry with them he had thrown away, unopened, the two boxe  of Honeyduke  chocolate  they'd  ent him for hi  birthday. He'd regretted it later, after the wilted  alad Aunt Petunia had provided for dinner that night. And what were Ron and Hermione bu y with? Why wa n't he, Harry, bu y? Hadn't he proved him elf capable of handling much more than them? Had they all forgotten what he had done? Hadn't it been he who had entered that graveyard and watched Cedric being murdered, and been tied to that tomb tone and nearly killed? Don't think about that, Harry told him elf  ternly for the hundredth lime that  ummer. It wa  bad enough that he kept revi iting the graveyard in hi  nightmare , without dwelling on it in hi  waking moment  too. He turned a corner into Magnolia Cre cent; halfway along he pa ed the narrow alleyway down the  ide of a garage where he had fir t clapped eye  on hi  godfather. Siriu , at lea t,  eemed to under tand how Harry wa  feeling. Admittedly, hi  letter  were ju t a  empty of proper new  a  Ron and Hermione' , but at lea t they contained word  of caution and con olation in tead of tantali ing hint : I know thi  mu t be fru trating for you… Keep your no e clean and everything will be OK… Be careful and don't do anything ra h… Well, thought Harry, a  he cro ed Magnolia Cre cent, turned into Magnolia Road and headed toward  the darkening play park, he had (by and .large) done a  Siriu  advi ed. He had at lea t re i ted the temptation to tie hi  trunk to hi  broom tick and  et off for The Burrow by him elf. In fact, Harry thought hi  behaviour had been very good con idering how fru trated and angry he felt at being  tuck in Privet Drive  o long, reduced to hiding in flowerbed  in the hope of hearing  omething that might point to what Lord Voldemort wa  doing. Neverthele , it wa  quite galling to be told not to be ra h by a man who had  erved twelve year  in the wizard pri on, Azkaban, e caped, attempted to commit the murder he had been convicted for in the fir t place, then gone on the run with a  tolen Hippogriff. Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and  et off acro  the parched gra . The park wa  a  empty a  the  urrounding  treet . When he reached the  wing  he  ank on to the only one that Dudley and hi  friend  had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain and  tared moodily at the ground. He would not be able to hide in the Dur ley ' flowerbed again. Tomorrow, he would have to think of  ome fre h way of li tening to the new . In the meantime, he had nothing to look forward to but another re tle , di turbed night, becau e even when he e caped the nightmare  about Cedric he had un ettling dream  about long dark corridor , all fini hing in dead end  and locked door , which he  uppo ed had  omething to do with the trapped feeling he had when he wa  awake. Often the old  car on hi  forehead prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool him elf that Ron or Hermione or Siriu  would find that very intere ting any more. In the pa t, hi   car hurting had warned that Voldemort wa  getting  tronger again, but now that Voldemort wa  back they would probably remind him that it  regular irritation wa  only to be expected… nothing to worry about… old new … The inju tice of it all welled up in ide him  o that he wanted to yell with fury. If it hadn't been for him, nobody would even have known Voldemort wa  back! And hi  reward wa  to be  tuck in Little Whinging for four  olid week , completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to  quatting among dying begonia   o that he could hear about water- kiing budgerigar ! How could Dumbledore have forgotten him  o ea ily? Why had Ron and Hermione got together without inviting him along, too? How much longer wa  he  uppo ed to endure Siriu  telling him to  it tight and be a good boy; or re i t the temptation to write to the  tupid Daily Prophet and point out that Voldemort had returned? The e furiou  thought  whirled around in Harry'  head, and hi  in ide  writhed with anger a  a  ultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of the  mell of warm, dry gra , and the only  ound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railing . He did not know how long he had  at on the  wing before the  ound of voice  interrupted hi  mu ing  and he looked up. The  treetlamp  from the  urrounding road  were ca ting a mi ty glow  trong enough to  ilhouette a group of people making their way acro  the park. One of them wa   inging a loud, crude  ong. The other  were laughing. A  oft ticking noi e came from  everal expen ive racing bike  that they were wheeling along. Harry knew who tho e people were. The figure in front wa  unmi takeably hi  cou in, Dudley Dur ley, wending hi  way home, accompanied by hi  faithful gang. Dudley wa  a  va t a  ever, but a year'  hard dieting and the di covery of a new talent had wrought quite a change in hi  phy ique. A  Uncle Vernon delightedly told anyone who would li ten, Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of the Southea t. The noble  port', a  Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable than he had  eemed to Harry in their primary  chool day  when he had  erved a  Dudley'  fir t punchball. Harry wa  not remotely afraid of hi  cou in any more but he  till didn't think that Dudley learning to punch harder and more accurately wa  cau e for celebration. Neighbourhood children all around were terrified of him - even more terrified than they were of 'that Potter boy' who, they had been warned, wa  a hardened hooligan and attended St Brutu '  Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boy . Harry watched the dark figure  cro ing the gra  and wondered who they had been beating up tonight. Look round, Harry found him elf thinking a  he watched them. Come on… look round… I'm  itting here all alone… come and have a go… If Dudley'  friend   aw him  itting here, they would be  ure to make a beeline for him, and what would Dudley do then? He wouldn't want to lo e face in front of the gang, but he'd be terrified of provoking Harry… it would be really fun to watch Dudley'  dilemma, to taunt him, watch him, with him powerle  to re pond… and if any of the other  tried hitting Harry, he wa  ready - he had hi  wand. Let them try… he'd love to vent  ome of hi  fru tration on the boy  who had once made hi  life hell. But they didn't turn around, they didn't  ee him, they were almo t at the railing . Harry ma tered the impul e to call after them…  eeking a fight wa  not a  mart move… he mu t not u e magic… he would be ri king expul ion again. The voice  of Dudley'  gang died away; they were out of  ight, heading along Magnolia Road. There you go, Siriu , Harry thought dully. Nothing ra h. Kept my no e clean. Exactly the oppo ite of what you'd have done. He got to hi  feet and  tretched. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon  eemed to feel that whenever Dudley turned up wa  the right time to be home, and any time after that wa  much too late. Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock Harry in the  hed if he came home after Dudley ever again,  o,  tifling a yawn, and  till  cowling, Harry  et off toward  the park gate. Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, wa  full of large,  quare hou e  with perfectly manicured lawn , all owned by large,  quare owner  who drove very clean car   imilar to Uncle Vernon' . Harry preferred Little Whinging by night, when the curtained window  made patche  of jewel-bright colour in the darkne  and he ran no danger of hearing di approving mutter  about hi  'delinquent' appearance when he pa ed the hou eholder . He walked quickly,  o that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudley'  gang came into view again; they were  aying their farewell  at the entrance to Magnolia Cre cent. Harry  tepped into the  hadow of a large lilac tree and waited. '…  quealed like a pig, didn't he?' Malcolm wa   aying, to guffaw  from the other . 'Nice right hook, Big D,'  aid Pier . 'Same time tomorrow?'  aid Dudley. 'Round at my place, my parent  will be out,'  aid Gordon. 'See you then,'  aid Dudley. 'Bye, Dud!' 'See ya, Big D!' Harry waited for the re t of the gang to move on before  etting off again. When their voice  had faded once more he headed around the corner into Magnolia Cre cent and by walking very quickly he  oon came within hailing di tance of Dudley, who wa   trolling along at hi  ea e, humming tunele ly. 'Hey, Big D!' Dudley turned. 'Oh,' he grunted. 'It'  you.' 'How long have you been “Big D” then?'  aid Harry. 'Shut it,'  narled Dudley, turning away. 'Cool name,'  aid Harry, grinning and falling into  tep be ide hi  cou in. 'But you'll alway  be “Ickle Diddykin ” to me.' 'I  aid, SHUT IT!'  aid Dudley, who e ham-like hand  had curled into fi t . 'Don't the boy  know that'  what your mum call  you?' 'Shut your face.' 'You don't tell her to  hut her face. What about “Popkin” and “Dinky Diddydum ”, can I u e them then?' Dudley  aid nothing. The effort of keeping him elf from hitting Harry  eemed to demand all hi   elf-control. 'So who've you been beating up tonight?' Harry a ked, hi  grin fading. 'Another ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evan  two night  ago - 'He wa  a king for it,'  narled Dudley. 'Oh yeah?' 'He cheeked me.' 'Yeah? Did he  ay you look like a pig that'  been taught to walk on it  hind leg ? 'Cau e that'  not cheek, Dud, that'  true.' A mu cle wa  twitching in Dudley'  jaw. It gave Harry enormou   ati faction to know how furiou  he wa  making Dudley; he felt a  though he wa   iphoning off hi  own fru tration into hi  cou in, the only outlet he had. They turned right down the narrow alleyway where Harry had fir t  een Siriu  and which formed a  hort cut between Magnolia Cre cent and Wi teria Walk. It wa  empty and much darker than the  treet  it linked becau e there were no  treetlamp . Their foot tep  were muffled between garage wall  on one  ide and a high fence on the other. Think you're a big man carrying that thing, don't you?' Dudley  aid after a few  econd . 'What thing?' 'That - that thing you are hiding.' Harry grinned again. 'Not a   tupid a  you look, are you, Dud? But I' 'po e, if you were, you wouldn't be able to walk and talk at the  ame time.' Harry pulled out hi  wand. He  aw Dudley look  ideway  at it. 'You're not allowed,' Dudley  aid at once. 'I know you're not. You'd get expelled from that freak  chool you go to.' 'How d'you know they haven't changed the rule , Big D?' They haven't,'  aid Dudley, though he didn't  ound completely convinced. Harry laughed  oftly. 'You haven't got the gut  to take me on without that thing, have you?' Dudley  narled. 'Wherea  you ju t need four mate  behind you before you can beat up a ten year old. You know that boxing title you keep banging on about? How old wa  your opponent? Seven? Eight?' 'He wa   ixteen, for your information,'  narled Dudley, 'and he wa  out cold for twenty minute  after I'd fini hed with him and he wa  twice a  heavy a  you. You ju t wait till I tell Dad you had that thing out - 'Running to Daddy now, are you? I  hi  ickle boxing champ frightened of na ty Harry'  wand?' 'Not thi  brave at night, are you?'  neered Dudley. Thi  i  night, Diddykin . That'  what we call it when it goe  all dark like thi .' 'I mean when you're in bed!' Dudley  narled. He had  topped walking. Harry  topped too,  taring at hi  cou in. From the little he could  ee of Dudley'  large face, he wa  wearing a  trangely triumphant look. 'What d'you mean, I'm not brave when I'm in bed?'  aid Harry, completely nonplu ed. 'What am I  uppo ed to be frightened of, pillow  or  omething?' 'I heard you la t night,'  aid Dudley breathle ly. Talking in your  leep. Moaning.' 'What d'you mean?' Harry  aid again, but there wa  a cold, plunging  en ation in hi   tomach. He had revi ited the graveyard la t night in hi  dream . Dudley gave a har h bark of laughter, then adopted a high-pitched whimpering voice. '“Don't kill Cedric! Don't kill Cedric!” Who'  Cedric - your boyfriend?' 'I - you're lying,'  aid Harry automatically. But hi  mouth had gone dry. He knew Dudley wa n't lying - how el e would he know about Cedric? '“Dad! Help me, Dad! He'  going to kill me, Dad! Boo hoo!”' 'Shut up,'  aid Harry quietly. 'Shut up, Dudley, I'm warning you!' ''Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help me! He'  killed Cedric! Dad, help me! He'  going to -" Don't you point that thing at me!' Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry wa  pointing the wand directly at Dudley'  heart. Harry could feel fourteen year ' hatred of Dudley pounding in hi  vein  - what wouldn't he give to  trike now, to jinx Dudley  o thoroughly he'd have to crawl home like an in ect,  truck dumb,  prouting feeler … 'Don't ever talk about that again,' Harry  narled. 'D'you under tand me?' 'Point that thing  omewhere el e!' 'I  aid, do you under tand me?' 'Point it  omewhere el e!' 'DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?' 'GET THAT THING AWAY FROM -' Dudley gave an odd,  huddering ga p, a  though he had been dou ed in icy water. Something had happened to the night. The  tar- trewn indigo  ky wa   uddenly pitch black and lightle  - the  tar , the moon, the mi ty  treetlamp  at either end of the alley had vani hed. The di tant rumble of car  and the whi per of tree  had gone. The balmy evening wa   uddenly piercingly, bitingly cold. They were  urrounded by total, impenetrable,  ilent darkne , a  though  ome giant hand had dropped a thick, icy mantle over the entire alleyway, blinding them. For a  plit  econd Harry thought he had done magic without meaning to, de pite the fact that he'd been re i ting a  hard a  he could - then hi  rea on caught up with hi   en e  - he didn't have the power to turn off the  tar . He turned hi  head thi  way and that, trying to  ee  omething, but the darkne  pre ed on hi  eye  like a weightle  veil. Dudley'  terrified voice broke in Harry'  ear. 'W-what are you d-doing? St- top it!' 'I'm not doing anything! Shut up and don't move!' 'I c-can't  ee! I've g-gone blind! I -' 'I  aid  hut up!' Harry  tood  tock  till, turning hi   ightle  eye  left and right. The cold wa   o inten e he wa   hivering all over; goo e bump  had erupted up hi  arm  and the hair  on the back of hi  neck were  tanding up - he opened hi  eye  to their fulle t extent,  taring blankly around, un eeing. It wa  impo ible… they couldn't be here… not in Little Whinging… he  trained hi  ear … he would hear them before he  aw them… 'I'll't-tell Dad!' Dudley whimpered. 'W-where are you? What are you d-do—?' 'Will you  hut up?' Harry hi ed, I'm trying to li —' But he fell  ilent. He had heard ju t the thing he had been dreading. There wa   omething in the alleyway apart from them elve ,  omething that wa  drawing long, hoar e, rattling breath . Harry felt a horrible jolt of dread a  he  tood trembling in the freezing air. 'C-cut it out! Stop doing it! I'll h-hit you, I  wear I will!' 'Dudley,  hut—' WHAM. A fi t made contact with the  ide of Harry  head, lifting him off hi  feet. Small white light  popped in front of hi  eye . For the  econd time in an hour Harry felt a  though hi  head had been cleaved in two; next moment, he had landed hard on the ground and hi  wand had flown out of hi  hand. 'You moron, Dudley!' Harry yelled, hi  eye  watering with pain a  he  crambled to hi  hand  and knee , feeling around frantically in the blackne . He heard Dudley blundering away, hitting the alley fence,  tumbling. 'DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOU'RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!' There wa  a horrible  quealing yell and Dudley'  foot tep   topped. At the  ame moment, Harry felt a creeping chill behind him that could mean only one thing. There wa  more than one. 'DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! Wand!' Harry muttered frantically, hi  hand  flying over the ground like  pider . 'Where'  - wand -come on - lumo !' He  aid the  pell automatically, de perate for light to help him in hi   earch - and to hi  di believing relief, light flared inche  from hi  right hand - the wand tip had ignited. Harry  natched it up,  crambled to hi  feet and turned around. Hi   tomach turned over. A towering, hooded figure wa  gliding  moothly toward  him, hovering over the ground, no feet or face vi ible beneath it  robe ,  ucking on the night a  it came. Stumbling backward , Harry rai ed hi  wand. 'Expecto patronum!' A  ilvery wi p of vapour  hot from the tip of the wand and the Dementor  lowed, but the  pell hadn't worked properly; tripping over hi  own feet, Harry retreated further a  the Dementor bore down upon him, panic fogging hi  brain - concentrate - A pair of grey,  limy,  cabbed hand   lid from in ide the Dementor'  robe , reaching for him. A ru hing noi e filled Harry'  ear . 'Expecto patronum!' Hi  voice  ounded dim and di tant. Another wi p of  ilver  moke, feebler than the la t, drifted from the wand - he couldn't do it any more, he couldn't work the  pell. There wa  laughter in ide hi  own head,  hrill, high-pitched laughter… he could  mell the Dementor'  putrid, death-cold breath filling hi  own lung , drowning him - think…  omething happy… But there wa  no happine  in him… the Dementor'  icy finger  were clo ing on hi  throat - the high-pitched laughter wa  growing louder and louder, and a voice  poke in ide hi  head: 'Bow to death, Harry…it might even be painle … I would not know … I have never died …" He wa  never going to  ee Ron and Hermione again - And their face  bur t clearly into hi  mind a  he fought for breath. 'EXPECTO PATRONUM!' An enormou   ilver  tag erupted from the tip of Harry'  wand; it  antler  caught the Dementor in the place where the heart  hould have been; it wa  thrown backward , weightle  a  darkne , and a  the  tag charged, the Dementor  wooped away, bat-like and defeated. 'THIS WAY!' Harry  houted at the  tag. Wheeling around, he  printed down the alleyway, holding the lit wand aloft. 'DUDLEY? DUDLEY!' He had run barely a dozen  tep  when he reached them: Dudley wa  curled up on the ground, hi  arm  clamped over hi  face. A  econd Dementor wa  crouching low over him, gripping hi  wri t  in it   limy hand , pri ing them  lowly almo t lovingly apart, lowering it  hooded head toward  Dudley'  face a  though about to ki  him. 'GET IT!' Harry bellowed, and with a ru hing, roaring  ound, the  ilver  tag he had conjured came galloping pa t him. The Dementor'  eyele  face wa  barely an inch from Dudley'  when the  ilver antler  caught it; the thing wa  thrown up into the air and, like it  fellow, it  oared away and wa  ab orbed into the darkne ; the  tag cantered to the end of the alleyway and di olved into  ilver mi t. Moon,  tar  and  treetlamp  bur t back into life. A warm breeze  wept the alleyway. Tree  ru tled in neighbouring garden  and the mundane rumble of car  in Magnolia Cre cent filled the air again. Harry  tood quite  till, all hi   en e  vibrating, taking in the abrupt return to normality. After a moment, he became aware that hi  T- hirt wa   ticking to him; he wa  drenched in  weat. He could not believe what had ju t happened. Dementor  here, in Little Whinging. Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and  haking. Harry bent down to  ee whether he wa  in a fit  tate to  tand up, but then he heard loud, running foot tep  behind him. In tinctively rai ing hi  wand again, he  pan on hi  heel to face the newcomer. Mr . Figg, their batty old neighbour, came panting into  ight. Her grizzled grey hair wa  e caping from it  hairnet, a clanking  tring  hopping bag wa   winging from her wri t and her feet were halfway out of her tartan carpet  lipper . Harry made to  tow hi  wand hurriedly out of  ight, but - 'Don't put it away idiot boy!'  he  hrieked. 'What if there are more of them around? Oh, I'm going to kill Mundungu  Fletcher!' Chapter 2 - A Peck of Owl  'What?'  aid Harry blankly. 'He left!'  aid Mr . Figg, wringing her hand . 'Left to  ee  omeone about a batch of cauldron  that fell off the back of a broom! I told him I'd flay him alive if he went, and now look! Dementor ! It'  ju t lucky I put Mr Tibbie  on the ca e! But we haven't got time to  tand around! Hurry, now, we've got to get you back! Oh, the trouble thi  i  going to cau e! I will kill him!' 'But -' The revelation that hi  batty old cat-ob e ed neighbour knew what Dementor  were wa  almo t a  big a  hock to Harry a  meeting two of them down the alleyway. 'You're - you're a witch?' 'I'm a Squib, a  Mundungu  know  full well,  o how on earth wa  I  uppo ed to help you fight off Dementor ? He left you completely without cover when I'd warned him -' Thi  Mundungu  ha  been following me? Hang on - it wa  him! He Di apparated from the front of my hou e!' 'Ye , ye , ye , but luckily I'd  tationed Mr Tibbie  under a car ju t in ca e, and Mr Tibbie  came and warned me, but by the time I got to your hou e you'd gone - and now - oh, what'  Dumbledore going to  ay? You!'  he  hrieked at Dudley,  till  upine on the alley floor. 'Get your fat bottom off the ground, quick!' 'You know Dumbledore?'  aid Harry,  taring at her. 'Of cour e I know Dumbledore, who doe n't know Dumbledore? But come on - I'll be no help if they come back, I've never  o much a  Tran figured a teabag.' She  tooped down,  eized one of Dudley'  ma ive arm  in her wizened hand  and tugged. 'Get up, you u ele  lump, get up!' But Dudley either could not or would not move. He remained on the ground, trembling and a hen-faced, hi  mouth  hut very tight. 'I'll do it.' Harry took hold of Dudley'  arm and heaved. With an enormou  effort he managed to hoi t him to hi  feet. Dudley  eemed to be on the point of fainting. Hi   mall eye  were rolling in their  ocket  and  weat wa  beading hi  face; the moment Harry let go of him he  wayed dangerou ly. 'Hurry up!'  aid Mr . Figg hy terically. Harry pulled one of Dudley'  ma ive arm  around hi  own  houlder  and dragged him toward  the road,  agging  lightly under the weight. Mr . Figg tottered along in front of them, peering anxiou ly around the corner. 'Keep your wand out,'  he told Harry, a  they entered Wi teria Walk. 'Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there'  going to be hell to pay anyway, we might a  well be hanged for a dragon a  an egg. Talk about the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery… thi  wa  exactly what Dumbledore wa  afraid of - What'  that at the end of the  treet? Oh, it'  ju t Mr Prentice… don't put your wand away, boy, don't I keep telling you I'm no u e?' It wa  not ea y to hold a wand  teady and haul Dudley along at the  ame time. Harry gave hi  cou in an impatient dig in the rib , but Dudley  eemed to have lo t all de ire for independent movement. He wa   lumped on Harry'   houlder, hi  large feet dragging along the ground. 'Why didn't you tell me you're a Squib, Mr . Figg?' a ked Harry, panting with the effort to keep walking. 'All tho e time  I came round your hou e - why didn't you  ay anything?' 'Dumbledore'  order . I wa  to keep an eye on you but not  ay anything, you were too young. I'm  orry I gave you  uch a mi erable time, Harry, but the Dur ley  would never have let you come if they'd thought you enjoyed it. It wa n't ea y, you know… but oh my word,'  he  aid tragically, wringing her hand  once more, 'when Dumbledore hear  about thi  - how could Mundungu  have left, he wa   uppo ed to be on duty until midnight - where i  he? How am I going to tell Dumbledore what'  happened? I can't Apparate.' 'I've got an owl, you can borrow her.' Harry groaned, wondering whether hi   pine wa  going to  nap under Dudley  weight. 'Harry, you don't under tand! Dumbledore will need to act a  quickly a  po ible, the Mini try have their own way  of detecting underage magic, they'll know already, you mark my word .' 'But I wa  getting rid of Dementor , I had to u e magic - they're going to be more worried about what Dementor  were doing floating around Wi teria Walk,  urely?' 'Oh, my dear, I wi h it were  o, but I'm afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!' There wa  a loud crack and a  trong  mell of drink mingled with  tale tobacco filled the air a  a  quat, un haven man in a tattered overcoat materiali ed right in front of them. He had  hort, bandy leg , long  traggly ginger hair and blood hot, baggy eye  that gave him the doleful look of a ba et hound. He wa  al o clutching a  ilvery bundle that Harry recogni ed at once a  an Invi ibility Cloak. 'S'up, Figgy?' he  aid,  taring from Mr . Figg to Harry and Dudley. 'What 'appened to  taying undercover?' Til give you undercover]' cried Mr . Figg. 'Dementor , you u ele ,  kiving  neak thief!' 'Dementor ?' repeated Mundungu , agha t. 'Dementor , 'ere?' 'Ye , here, you worthle  pile of bat dropping , here!'  hrieked Mr . Figg. 'Dementor  attacking the boy on your watch!' 'Blimey,'  aid Mundungu  weakly, looking from Mr . Figg to Harry, and back again. 'Blimey, I -' 'And you off buying  tolen cauldron ! Didn't I tell you not to go? Didn't IT 'I - well, I -' Mundungu  looked deeply uncomfortable. 'It — it wa  a very good bu ine  opportunity,  ee -' Mr . Figg rai ed the arm from which her  tring bag dangled and whacked Mundungu  around the face and neck with it; judging by the clanking noi e it made it wa  full of cat food. 'Ouch - gerroff - gerroff, you mad old bat! Someone'  gotta tell Dumbledore!' 'Ye  - they - have!' yelled Mr . Figg,  winging the bag of cat food at every bit of Mundungu   he could reach. 'And - it - had - better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - why - you -weren't - there - to - help!' 'Keep your 'airnet on!'  aid Mundungu , hi  arm  over hi  head, cowering. 'I'm going, I'm going!' And with another loud crack, he vani hed. 'I hope Dumbledore murder  him!'  aid Mr . Figg furiou ly. 'Now come on, Harry, what are you waiting for?' Harry decided not to wa te hi  remaining breath on pointing out that he could barely walk under Dudley'  bulk. He gave the  emi-con ciou  Dudley a heave and  taggered onward . 'I'll take you to the door,'  aid Mr . Figg, a  they turned into Privet Drive. 'Ju t in ca e there are more of them around… oh my word, what a cata trophe… and you had to fight them off your elf… and Dumbledore  aid we were to keep you from doing magic at all co t … well, it'  no good crying over  pilt potion, I  uppo e… but the cat'  among the pixie  now.' 'So,' Harry panted, 'Dumbledore' … been having… me followed?' 'Of cour e he ha ,'  aid Mr . Figg impatiently. 'Did you expect him to let you wander around on your own after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, they told me you were intelligent… right… get in ide and  tay there,'  he  aid, a  they reached number four. 'I expect  omeone will be in touch with you  oon enough.' 'What are you going to do?' a ked Harry quickly. 'I'm going  traight home,'  aid Mr . Figg,  taring around the dark  treet and  huddering. 'I'll need to wait for more in truction . Ju t  tay in the hou e. Goodnight.' 'Hang on, don't go yet! I want to know - But Mr . Figg had already  et off at a trot, carpet  lipper  flopping,  tring bag clanking. 'Wait!' Harry  houted after her. He had a million que tion  to a k anyone who wa  in contact with Dumbledore; but within  econd  Mr . Figg wa   wallowed by the darkne . Scowling, Harry readju ted Dudley on hi   houlder and made hi   low, painful way up number four'  garden path. The hall light wa  on. Harry  tuck hi  wand back in ide the wai tband of hi  jean , rang the bell and watched Aunt Petunia'  outline grow larger and larger, oddly di torted by the rippling gla  in the front door. 'Diddy! About time too, I wa  getting quite - quite - Diddy, what'  the matter!' Harry looked  ideway  at Dudley and ducked out from under hi  arm ju t in time. Dudley  wayed on the  pot for a moment, hi  face pale green… then he opened hi  mouth and vomited all over the doormat. 'DIDDY! Diddy, what'  the matter with you? Vernon? VERNON!' Harry'  uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walru  mou tache blowing hither and thither a  it alway  did when he wa  agitated. He hurried forward  to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over the thre hold while avoiding  tepping in the pool of  ick. 'He'  ill, Vernon!' 'What i  it,  on? What'  happened? Did Mr . Polki  give you  omething foreign for tea?' 'Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?' 'Hang on - you haven't been mugged, have you,  on?' Aunt Petunia  creamed. 'Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling,  peak to Mummy! What did they do to you?' In all the kerfuffle nobody  eemed to have noticed Harry, which  uited him perfectly. He managed to  lip in ide ju t before Uncle Vernon  lammed the door and, while the Dur ley  made their noi y progre  down the hall toward  the kitchen, Harry moved carefully and quietly toward  the  tair . 'Who did it,  on? Give u  name . We'll get them, don't worry.' 'Shh! He'  trying to  ay  omething, Vernon! What i  it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!' Harry'  foot wa  on the bottom-mo t  tair when Dudley found hi  voice. 'Him.' Harry froze, foot on the  tair, face  crewed up, braced for the explo ion. 'BOY! COME HERE!' With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry removed hi  foot  lowly from the  tair and turned to follow the Dur ley . The  crupulou ly clean kitchen had an oddly unreal glitter after the darkne  out ide. Aunt Petunia wa  u hering Dudley into a chair; he wa   till very green and clammy-looking. Uncle Vernon  tanding in front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through tiny, narrowed eye . 'What have you done to my  on?' he  aid in a menacing growl. 'Nothing,'  aid Harry, knowing perfectly well that Uncle Vernon wouldn't believe him. 'What did he do to you, Diddy?' Aunt Petunia  aid in a quavering voice, now  ponging  ick from the front of Dudley'  leather jacket. 'Wa  it - wa  it you-know-what, darling? Did he u e - hi  thing?' Slowly, tremulou ly, Dudley nodded. 'I didn't!' Harry  aid  harply, a  Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Uncle Vernon rai ed hi  fi t . 'I didn't do anything to him, it wa n't me, it wa  - But at that preci e moment a  creech owl  wooped in through the kitchen window. Narrowly mi ing the top of Uncle Vernon'  head, it  oared acro  the kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it wa  carrying in it  beak at Harry'  feet, turned gracefully, the tip  of it  wing  ju t bru hing the top of the fridge, then zoomed out ide again and off acro  the garden. 'OWLS!' bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in hi  temple pul ing angrily a  he  lammed the kitchen window  hut. 'OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE!' But Harry wa  already ripping open the envelope and pulling out the letter in ide, hi  heart pounding  omewhere in the region of hi  Adam'  apple. Dear Mr Potter, We have received intelligence that you performed the Patronu  Charm at twenty-three minute  pa t nine thi  evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the pre ence of a Muggle. The  eventy of thi  breach of the Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery ha  re ulted in your expul ion from Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Mini try repre entative  will be calling at your place of re idence  hortly to de troy your wand. A  you have already received an official warning for a previou  offence under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlock ' Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your pre ence i  required at a di ciplinary hearing at the Mini try of Magic at 9 a.m. on the twelfth of Augu t. Hoping you are well, Your   incerely, Mafalda Hopkirk Improper U e of Magic Office Mini try of Magic Harry read the letter through twice. He wa  only vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia talking. In ide hi  head, all wa  icy and numb. One fact had penetrated hi  con ciou ne  like a paraly ing dart. He wa  expelled from Hogwart . It wa  all over. He wa  never going back. He looked up at the Dur ley . Uncle Vernon wa  purple-faced,  houting, hi  fi t   till rai ed; Aunt Petunia had her arm  around Dudley, who wa  retching again. Harry'  temporarily  tupefied brain  eemed to reawaken. Mini try repre entative  will be calling at your place of re idence  hortly to de troy your wand. There wa  only one thing for it. He would have to run - now. Where he wa  going to go, Harry didn't know, but he wa  certain of one thing: at Hogwart  or out ide it, he needed hi  wand. In an almo t dreamlike  tate, he pulled hi  wand out and turned to leave the kitchen. 'Where d'you think you're going?' yelled Uncle Vernon. When Harry didn't reply, he pounded acro  the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. 'I haven't fini hed with you, boy!' 'Get out of the way,'  aid Harry quietly. 'You're going to  tay here and explain how my  on —' 'If you don't get out of the way I'm going to jinx you,'  aid Harry, rai ing the wand. 'You can't pull that one on me!'  narled Uncle Vernon. 'I know you're not allowed to u e it out ide that madhou e you call a  chool!' The madhou e ha  chucked me out,'  aid Harry. 'So I can do whatever I like. You've got three  econd . One - two -' A re ounding CRACK filled the kitchen. Aunt Petunia  creamed, I hide Vernon yelled and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry wa   earching for the  ource of a di turbance he had not made. He  potted it at once: a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl wa   itting out ide on the kitchen  ill, having ju t collided with the clo ed window. Ignoring Uncle Vernon'  angui hed yell of 'OWLS!' Harry cro ed the room at a run and wrenched the window open. The owl  tuck out it  leg, to which a  mall roll of parchment wa  tied,  hook it  leather , and took off the moment Harry had taken the letter. Hand   haking, Harry unfurled the  econd me age, which wa  written very ha tily and blotchily in black ink. Harry - Dumbledore'  ju t arrived at the Mini try and he'  trying to  ort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. Arthur Wea ley Dumbledore wa  trying to  ort it all out… what did that mean? How much power did Dumbledore have to override the Mini try of Magic? Wa  there a chance that he might be allowed back to Hogwart , then? A  mall  hoot of hope burgeoned in Harry'  che t, almo t immediately  trangled by panic - how wa  he  uppo ed to refu e to  urrender hi  wand without doing magic? He'd have to duel with the Mini try repre entative , and if he did that, he'd be lucky to e cape Azkaban, let alone expul ion. Hi  mind wa  racing… he could run for it and ri k being cap-lured by the Mini try, or  tay put and wait for them to find him here. He wa  much more tempted by the former cour e, but he knew Mr Wea ley had hi  be t intere t  at heart… and after all, Dumbledore had  orted out much wor e than thi  before. 'Right,' Harry  aid, 'I've changed my mind, I'm  taying.' He flung him elf down at the kitchen table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dur ley  appeared taken aback at hi  abrupt change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced de pairingly at Uncle Vernon. The vein in hi  purple temple wa  throbbing wor e than ever. 'Who are all the e ruddy owl  from?' he growled. The fir t one wa  from the Mini try of Magic, expelling me,'  aid Harry calmly. He wa   training hi  ear  to catch any noi e  out ide, in ca e the Mini try repre entative  were approaching, and it wa  ea ier and quieter to an wer Uncle Vernon'  que tion  than to have him  tart raging and bellowing. 'The  econd one wa  from my friend Ron'  dad, who work  at the Mini try.' 'Mini try of Magic?' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'People like you in government! Oh, thi  explain  everything, everything, no wonder the country'  going to the dog .' When Harry did not re pond, Uncle Vernon glared at him, then  pat out, 'And why have you been expelled?' 'Becau e I did magic.' 'AHA!' roared Uncle Vernon,  lamming hi  fi t down on top of the fridge, which  prang open;  everal of Dudley'  low-fat  nack  toppled out and bur t on the floor. 'So you admit it! What did you do to Dudley?' 'Nothing,'  aid Harry,  lightly le  calmly. 'That wa n't me -' 'Wa ,' muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in tantly made flapping ge ture  at Harry to quieten him while they both bent low over Dudley. 'Go on,  on,'  aid Uncle Vernon, 'what did he do?' Tell u , darling,' whi pered Aunt Petunia. 'Pointed hi  wand at me,' Dudley mumbled. 'Yeah, I did, but I didn't u e -' Harry began angrily, but - 'SHUT UP!' roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in uni on. 'Go on,  on,' repeated Uncle Vernon, mou tache blowing about furiou ly. 'All went dark,' Dudley  aid hoar ely,  huddering. 'Everything dark. And then I h-heard… thing . In ide m-my head.' Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged look  of utter horror. If their lea t favourite thing in the world wa  magic - clo ely followed by neighbour  who cheated more than they did on the ho epipe ban - people who heard voice  were definitely in the bottom ten. They obviou ly thought Dudley wa  lo ing hi  mind. 'What  ort of thing  did you hear, Popkin?' breathed Aunt Petunia, very white-faced and with tear  in her eye . But Dudley  eemed incapable of  aying. He  huddered again and  hook hi  large blond head, and de pite the  en e of numb dread that had  ettled on Harry  ince the arrival of the fir t owl, he felt a certain curio ity. Dementor  cau ed a per on to relive the wor t moment  of their life. What would  poiled, pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear? 'How come you fell over,  on?'  aid Uncle Vernon, in an unnaturally quiet voice, the kind of voice he might adopt at the bed ide of a very ill per on. 'T-tripped,'  aid Dudley  hakily. 'And then - He ge tured at hi  ma ive che t. Harry under tood. Dudley wa  remembering the clammy cold that filled the lung  a  hope and happine  were  ucked out of you. 'Horrible,' croaked Dudley. 'Cold. Really cold.' 'OK,'  aid Uncle Vernon, in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid an anxiou  hand on Dudley'  forehead to feel hi  temperature. 'What happened then, Dudder ?' 'Felt… felt… felt… a  if… a  if…' 'A  if you'd never be happy again,' Harry  upplied dully. 'Ye ,' Dudley whi pered,  till trembling. 'So!'  aid Uncle Vernon, voice re tored to full and con iderable volume a  he  traightened up. 'You put  ome crackpot  pell on my  on  o he'd hear voice  and believe he wa  - wa  doomed to mi ery, or  omething, did you?' 'How many time  do I have to tell you?'  aid Harry, temper and voice both ri ing. 'It wa n't me! It wa  a couple of Dementor !' 'A couple of - what'  thi  cod wallop?' 'De - men - tor ,'  aid Harry  lowly and clearly. 'Two of them.' 'And what the ruddy hell are Dementor ?' 'They guard the wizard pri on, Azkaban,'  aid Aunt Petunia. Two  econd  of ringing  ilence followed the e word  before Aunt Petunia clapped her hand over her mouth a  though  he had let  lip a di gu ting  wear word. Uncle Vernon wa  goggling at her. Harry  brain reeled. Mr . Figg wa  one thing - but Aunt Petunia'? 'How d'you know that?' he a ked her, a toni hed. Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with her elf. She glanced at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology, then lowered her hand  lightly to reveal her hor y teeth. 'I heard - that awful boy - telling her about them - year  ago,'  he  aid jerkily. 'If you mean my mum and dad, why don't you u e their name ?'  aid Harry loudly, but Aunt Petunia ignored him. She  eemed horribly flu tered. Harry wa   tunned. Except for one outbur t year  ago, in the cour e of which Aunt Petunia had  creamed that Harry'  mother had been a freak, he had. never heard her mention her  i ter. He wa  a tounded that  he had remembered thi   crap of information about the magical world for  o long, when  he u ually put all her energie  into pretending it didn't exi t. Uncle Vernon opened hi  mouth, clo ed it again, opened it once more,  hut it, then, apparently  truggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a third time and croaked, 'So -  o - they - er - they - er - they actually exi t, do they - er - Dementy-what it ?' Aunt Petunia nodded. Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry a  if hoping  omebody wa  going to  hout 'April Fool!' When nobody did, he opened hi  mouth yet again, but wa   pared the  truggle to find more word  by the arrival of the third owl of the evening. It zoomed through the  till-open window like a feathery cannon-ball and landed with a clatter on the kitchen table, cau ing all three of the Dur ley  to jump with fright. Harry tore a  econd official-looking envelope from the owl  beak and ripped it open a  the owl  wooped back out into the night. 'Enough - effing - owl ,' muttered Uncle Vernon di tractedly,  tomping over to the window and  lamming it  hut again. Dear Mr Potter, Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minute  ago, the Mini try of Magic ha  revi ed it  deci ion to de troy your wand forthwith. You may retain your wand until your di ciplinary hearing on the twelfth of Augu t, at which time an official deci ion will be taken. Following di cu ion  with the Headma ter of Hogwart  School o/ Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Mini try ha  agreed that the que tion of your expul ion will al o be decided at that time. You  hould therefore con ider your elf  u pended from  chool pending further enquirie . With be t wi he , Your   incerely, Mafalda Hopkirk Improper U e of Magic Office Mini try of Magic Harry read thi  letter through three time  in quick  ucce ion. The mi erable knot in hi  che t loo ened  lightly with the relief of Knowing he wa  not yet definitely expelled, though hi  fear  were by no mean  bani hed. Everything  eemed to hang on thi  hearing on the twelfth of Augu t. 'Well?'  aid Uncle Vernon, recalling Harry to hi   urrounding . 'What now? Have they  entenced you to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty?' he added a  a hopeful afterthought. 'I've got to go to a hearing,'  aid Harry. 'And they'll  entence you there?' 'I  uppo e  o.' 'I won't give up hope, then,'  aid Uncle Vernon na tily. 'Well, if that'  all,'  aid Harry, getting to hi  feet. He wa  de -perate to be alone, to think, perhap  to  end a letter to Ron, Hermione or Siriu . 'NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'SIT BACK DOWN!' 'What now?'  aid Harry impatiently. 'DUDLEY!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'I want to know exactly what happened to my  on!' 'FINE!' yelled Harry, and in hi  temper, red and gold  park   hot out of the end of hi  wand,  till clutched in hi  hand. All three Dur ley  flinched, looking terrified. 'Dudley and I were in the alleyway between Magnolia Cre cent and Wi teria Walk,'  aid Harry,  peaking fa t, fighting to control hi  temper. 'Dudley thought he'd be  mart with me, I pulled out my wand but didn't u e it. Then two Dementor  turned up —' 'But what ARE Dementoid ?' a ked Uncle Vernon furiou ly. 'What do they DO?' 'I told you - they  uck all the happine  out of you,'  aid Harry, 'and if they get the chance, they ki  you - 'Ki  you?'  aid Uncle Vernon, hi  eye  popping  lightly. 'Ki  you?' 'It'  what they call it when they  uck the  oul out of your mouth.' Aunt Petunia uttered a  oft  cream. 'Hi   oul? They didn't take - he'   till got hi  -' She  eized Dudley by the  houlder  and  hook him, a  though te ting to  ee whether  he could hear hi   oul rattling around in ide him. 'Of cour e they didn't get hi   oul, you'd know if they had,'  aid Harry, exa perated. 'Fought 'em off, did you,  on?'  aid Uncle Vernon loudly, with the appearance of a man  truggling to bring the conver ation back on to a plane he under tood. 'Gave 'em the old one-two, did you?' 'You can't give a Dementor the old one-two,'  aid Harry through clenched teeth. 'Why'  he all right, then?' blu tered Uncle Vernon. 'Why i n't he all empty, then?' 'Becau e I u ed the Patronu  -' WHOOSH. With a clattering, a whirring of wing  and a  oft fall of du t, a fourth owl came  hooting out of the kitchen fireplace. 'FOR GOD'S SAKE!' roared Uncle Vernon, pulling great clump  of hair out of hi  mou tache,  omething he hadn't been driven to do in a long time. 'I WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!' But Harry wa  already pulling a roll of parchment from the owl'  leg. He wa   o convinced that thi  letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining everything - the Dementor , Mr . Figg, what the Mini try wa  up to, how he, Dumbledore, intended to  ort everything out - that for the fir t time in hi  life he wa  di appointed to  ee Siriu '  handwriting. Ignoring Uncle Vernon'  ongoing rant about owl , and narrowing hi  eye  again t a  econd cloud of du t a  the mo t recent owl look off back up the chimney, Harry read Siriu '  me age. Arthur ha  ju t told u  what'  happened. Don't leave the hou e again, whatever you do. Harry found thi   uch an inadequate re pon e to everything that had happened tonight that he turned the piece of parchment over, looking for the re t of the letter, but there wa  nothing el e. And now hi  temper wa  ri ing again. Wa n't anybody going to  ay 'well done' for fighting off two Dementor   ingle-handed? Both Mr Wea ley and Siriu  were acting a  though he'd mi behaved, and were  aving their telling -off until they could a certain how much damage had been done. '… a peck, I mean, pack of owl   hooting in and out of my hou e. I won't have it, boy, I won't -' 'I can't  top the owl  coming,' Harry  napped, cru hing Siriu '  letter in hi  fi t. I want the truth about what happened tonight!' barked Uncle Yi-rnon. 'If it wa  Demender  who hurt Dudley, how come you've been expelled? You did you-know-what, you've admitted it!' Harry took a deep,  teadying breath. Hi  head wa  beginning to ache again. He wanted more than anything to get out of the kitchen, and away from the Dur ley . 'I did the Patronu  Charm to get rid of the Dementor ,' he  aid, forcing him elf to remain calm. 'It'  the only thing that work  again t them.' 'But what were Dementoid  doing in Little Whinging?'  aid Uncle Vernon in an outraged tone. 'Couldn't tell you,'  aid Harry wearily. 'No idea.' Hi  head wa  pounding in the glare of the  trip-lighting now. Hi  anger wa  ebbing away. He felt drained, exhau ted. The Dur ley  were all  taring at him. 'It'  you,'  aid Uncle Vernon forcefully. 'It'  got  omething to do with you, boy, I know it. Why el e would they turn up here? Why el e would they be down that alleyway? You've got to be the only - the only -' Evidently, he couldn't bring him elf to  ay the word 'wizard'. The only you-know-what for mile .' 'I don't know why they were here.' But at Uncle Vernon'  word , Harry'  exhau ted brain had ground back into action. Why had the Dementor  come to Little Whinging? How could it be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway where Harry wa ? Had they been  ent? Had the Mini try of Magic lo t control of the Dementor ? Had they de erted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, a  Dumbledore had predicted they would? The e Demember  guard  ome weirdo pri on?' a ked Uncle Vernon, lumbering along in the wake of Harry'  train of thought. 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. If only hi  head would  top hurting, if only he could ju t leave the kitchen and get to hi  dark bedroom and think… 'Oho! They were coming to arre t you!'  aid Uncle Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an una ailable conclu ion. That'  it, i n't it, boy? You're on the run from the law!' 'Of cour e I'm not,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head a  though to  care off a fly, hi  mind racing now. Then why -?' 'He mu t have  ent them,'  aid Harry quietly, more to him elf than to Uncle Vernon. 'What'  that? Who mu t have  ent them?' 'Lord Voldemort,'  aid Harry. He regi tered dimly how  trange it wa  that the Dur ley , who flinched, winced and  quawked if they heard word  like 'wizard', 'magic' or 'wand', could hear the name of the mo t evil wizard of all time without the  lighte t tremor. 'Lord - hang on,'  aid Uncle Vernon, hi  face  crewed up, a look of dawning comprehen ion coming into hi  piggy eye . 'I've heard that name… that wa  the one who —' 'Murdered my parent , ye ,' Harry  aid dully. 'But he'  gone,'  aid Uncle Vernon impatiently, without the  lighte t  ign that the murder of Harry'  parent  might be a painful topic. That giant bloke  aid  o. He'  gone.' 'He'  back,'  aid Harry heavily. It felt very  trange to be  tanding here in Aunt Petunia'   urgically clean kitchen, be ide the top-of-the-range fridge and the wide- creen televi ion, talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon. The arrival of the Dementor  in Little Whinging  eemed to have breached the great, invi ible wall that divided the relentle ly non-magical world of Privet Drive and the world beyond, Harry'  two live  had  omehow become fu ed and everything had been turned up ide-down; the Dur ley  were a king for detail  about the magical world, and Mr . Figg knew Albu  Dumbledore; Dementor  were  oaring around Little Whinging, and he might never return to Hogwart . Harry'  head throbbed more painfully. 'Back?' whi pered Aunt Petunia. She wa  looking at Harry a   he had never looked at him before. And all of a  udden, for the very fir t time in hi  life, Harry fully appreciated that Aunt Petunia wa  hi  mother'   i ter. He could not have  aid why thi  hit him  o very powerfully at thi  moment. All he knew wa  that he wa  not the only per on in the room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort being back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in her life looked at him like that before. Her large, pale eye  ( o unlike her  i ter' ) were not narrowed in di like or anger, they were wide and fearful. The furiou  pretence that Aunt Petunia had maintained all Harry'  life - that there wa  no magic and no world other than the world  he inhabited with Uncle Vernon -  eemed to have fallen away. 'Ye ,' Harry  aid, talking directly to Aunt Petunia now. 'He came back a month ago. I  aw him.' Her hand  found Dudley'  ma ive leather-clad  houlder  and clutched them. 'Hang on,'  aid Uncle Vernon, looking from hi  wife to Harry and back again, apparently dazed and confu ed by the unprece-dented under tanding that  eemed to have  prung up between them. 'Hang on. Thi  Lord Voldything'  back, you  ay.' 'Ye .' The one who murdered your parent .' 'Ye .' 'And now he'   ending Di member  after you?' 'Look  like it,'  aid Harry. 'I  ee,'  aid Uncle Vernon, looking from hi  white-faced wife to Harry and hitching up hi  trou er . He  eemed to be  welling, hi  great purple face  tretching before Harry'  eye . 'Well, that  ettle  it,' he  aid, hi   hirt front  training a  he inflated him elf, 'you can get out of thi  hou e, boy!' 'What?'  aid Harry. 'You heard me - OUT!' Uncle Vernon bellowed, and even Aunt Petunia and Dudley jumped. 'OUT! OUT! I  hould've done thi  year  ago! Owl  treating the place like a re t home, pudding  exploding, half the lounge de troyed, Dudley'  tail, Marge bobbing around on the ceiling and that flying Ford Anglia - OUT! OUT! You've had it! You're hi tory! You're not  taying here if  ome loony'  after you, you're not endangering my wife and  on, you're not bringing trouble down on u . If you're going the  ame way a  your u ele  parent , I've had it! OUT!' Harry  tood rooted to the  pot. The letter  from the Mini try, Mr Wea ley and Siriu  were all cru hed in hi  left hand. Don't leave the hou e again, whatever you do. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. 'You heard me!'  aid Uncle Vernon, bending forward  now, hi  ma ive purple face coming  o clo e to Harry' , he actually felt fleck  of  pit hit hi  face. 'Get going! You were all keen to leave half an hour ago! I'm right behind you! Get out and never darken our door tep again! Why we ever kept you in the fir t place, I don't know, Marge wa  right, it  hould have been the orphanage. We were too damn  oft for our own good, thought we could  qua h it out of you, thought we could turn you normal, but you've been rotten from the beginning and I've had enough - owl !' The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney  o fa t it actually hit the floor before zooming into the air again with a loud  creech. Harry rai ed hi  hand to  eize the letter, which wa  in a  carlet envelope, but it  oared  traight over hi  head, flying directly at Aunt Petunia, who let out a  cream and ducked, her arm  over her face. The owl dropped the red envelope on her head, turned, and flew  traight back up the chimney. Harry darted forward  to pick up the letter, but Aunt Petunia beat him to it. 'You can open it if you like,'  aid Harry, 'but I'll hear what it  ay  anyway. That'  a Howler.' 'Let go of it, Petunia!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'Don't touch it, it could be dangerou !' 'It'  addre ed to me,'  aid Aunt Petunia in a  haking voice. 'It'  addre ed to me, Vernon, look! Mr . Petunia Dur ley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet Drive - She caught her breath, horrified. The red envelope had begun to  moke. 'Open it!' Harry urged her. 'Get it over with! It'll happen anyway.' 'No.' Aunt Petunia'  hand wa  trembling. She looked wildly around the kitchen a  though looking for an e cape route, but too late -the envelope bur t into flame . Aunt Petunia  creamed and dropped it. An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the confined  pace, i uing from the burning letter on the table. 'Remember my la t, Petunia.' Aunt Petunia looked a  though  he might faint. She  ank into the chair be ide Dudley, her face in her hand . The remain  of the envelope  mouldered into a h in the  ilence. 'What i  thi ?' Uncle Vernon  aid hoar ely. 'What - I don't -Petunia?' Aunt Petunia  aid nothing. Dudley wa   taring  tupidly at hi  mother, hi  mouth hanging open. The  ilence  piralled horribly. Harry wa  watching hi  aunt, utterly bewildered, hi  head throbbing fit to bur t. 'Petunia, dear?'  aid Uncle Vernon timidly. 'P-Petunia?' She rai ed her head. She wa   till trembling. She  wallowed. 'The boy - the boy will have to  tay, Vernon,'  he  aid weakly. 'W-what?' 'He  tay ,'  he  aid. She wa  not looking at Harry. She got to her feet again. 'He… but Petunia…' 'If we throw him out, the neighbour  will talk,'  he  aid. She wa  rapidly regaining her u ual bri k,  nappi h manner, though  he wa   till very pale. They'll a k awkward que tion , they'll want to know where he'  gone. We'll have to keep him.' Uncle Vernon wa  deflating like an old tyre. 'But Petunia, dear - Aunt Petunia ignored him. She turned to Harry. 'You're to  tay in your room,'  he  aid. 'You're not to leave the hou e. Now get to bed.' Harry didn't move. 'Who wa  that Howler from?' 'Don't a k que tion ,' Aunt Petunia  napped. 'Are you in touch with wizard ?' 'I told you to get to bed!' 'What did it mean? Remember the la t what?' 'Go to bed!' 'How come -?' 'YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GO UP TO BED!' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 3 - The Advance Guard I've ju t been attacked by Dementor  and I might be expelled from Hogwart . I want to know what'  going on and when I'm going to get out of here. Harry copied the e word  on to three  eparate piece  of parchment the moment he reached the de k in hi  dark bedroom. He addre ed the fir t to Siriu , the  econd to Ron and the third to Hermione. Hi  owl, Hedwig, wa  off hunting; her cage  tood empty on the de k. Harry paced the bedroom waiting for her to come back, hi  head pounding, hi  brain too bu y for  leep even though hi  eye   tung and itched with tiredne . Hi  back ached from hauling Dudley home, and the two lump  on hi  head where the window and Dudley had hit him were throbbing painfully. Up and down he paced, con umed with anger and fru tration, grinding hi  teeth and clenching hi  fi t , ca ting angry look  out at the empty,  tar- trewn  ky every time he pa ed the window. Dementor   ent to get him, Mr . Figg and Mundungu  Fletcher tailing him in  ecret, then  u pen ion fromHogwart  and a hearing at the Mini try of Magic - and  till no one wa  telling him what wa  going on. And what, what, had that Howler been about? Who e voice had echoed  o horribly,  o menacingly, through the kitchen? Why wa  he  till trapped here without information? Why wa  everyone treating him like  ome naughty kid? Don't do any more magic,  tay in the hou e… He kicked hi   chool trunk a  he pa ed it, but far from relieving hi  anger he felt wor e, a  he now had a  harp pain in hi  toe to deal with in addition to the pain in the re t of hi  body. Ju t a  he limped pa t the window, Hedwig  oared through it with a  oft ru tle of wing  like a  mall gho t. 'About time!' Harry  narled, a   he landed lightly on top of her cage. 'You can put that down, I've got work for you!' Hedwig'  large, round, amber eye  gazed at him reproachfully over the dead frog clamped in her beak. 'Come here,'  aid Harry, picking up the three  mall roll  of parchment and a leather thong and tying the  croll  to her  caly leg. Take the e  traight to Siriu , Ron and Hermione and don't come back here without good long replie . Keep pecking them till they've written decent-length an wer  if you've got to. Under tand?' Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noi e, her beak  till full of frog. 'Get going, then,'  aid Harry. She took off immediately. The moment  he'd gone, Harry threw him elf down on hi  bed without undre ing and  tared at the dark ceiling. In addition to every other mi erable feeling, he now felt guilty that he'd been irritable with Hedwig;  he wa  the only friend he had at number four, Privet Drive. But he'd make it up to her when  he came back with the an wer  from Siriu , Ron and Hermione. They were bound to write back quickly; they couldn't po ibly ignore a Dementor attack. He'd probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letter  full of  ympathy and plan  for hi  immediate removal to The Burrow. And with that comforting idea,  leep rolled over him,  tifling all further thought. * But Hedwig didn't return next morning. Harry  pent the day in hi  bedroom, leaving it only to go to the bathroom. Three time  that day Aunt Petunia  hoved food into hi  room through the cat-flap Uncle Vernon had in talled three  ummer  ago. Every time Harry heard her approaching he tried to que tion her about the Howler, but he might a  well have interrogated the doorknob for all the an wer  he got. Otherwi e, the Dur ley  kept well clear of hi  bedroom. Harry couldn't  ee the point of forcing hi  company on them; another row would achieve nothing except perhap  make him  o angry he'd perform more illegal magic. So it went on for three whole day . Harry wa  alternately filled with re tle  energy that made him unable to  ettle to anything, during which time he paced hi  bedroom, furiou  at the whole lot of them for leaving him to  tew in thi  me ; and with a lethargy  o complete that he could lie on hi  bed for an hour at a time,  taring dazedly into  pace, aching with dread at the thought of the Mini try hearing. What if they ruled again t him? What if he wa  expelled and hi  wand wa   napped in half? What would he do, where would he go? He could not return to living full-time with the Dur ley , not now he knew the other world, the one to which he really belonged. Might he be able to move into Siriu  hou e, a  Siriu  had  ugge ted a year ago, before he had been forced to flee from the Mini try? Would Harry be allowed to live there alone, given that he wa   till underage? Or would the matter of where he went next be decided for him? Had hi  breach of the International Statute of Secrecy been  evere enough to land him in a cell in Azkaban? Whenever thi  thought occurred, Harry invariably  lid off hi  bed and began pacing again. On the fourth night after Hedwig'  departure Harry wa  lying in one of hi  apathetic pha e ,  taring at the ceiling, hi  exhau ted mind quite blank, when hi  uncle entered hi  bedroom. Harry looked  lowly around at him. Uncle Vernon wa  wearing hi  be t  uit and an expre ion of enormou   mugne . 'We're going out,' he  aid. 'Sorry?' 'We - that i  to  ay, your aunt, Dudley and I - are going out.' 'Fine,'  aid Harry dully, looking back at the ceiling. 'You are not to leave your bedroom while we are away.' 'OK.' 'You are not to touch the televi ion, the  tereo, or any of our po e ion .' 'Right.' 'You are not to  teal food from the fridge.' 'OK.' 'I am going to lock your door.' 'You do that.' Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, clearly  u piciou  of thi  lack of argument, then  tomped out of the room and clo ed the door behind him. Harry heard the key turn in the lock and Uncle Vernon'  foot tep  walking heavily down the  tair . A few minute  later he heard the  lamming of car door , the rumble of an engine, and the unmi takeable  ound of the car  weeping out of the drive. Harry had no particular feeling about the Dur ley  leaving. It made no difference to him whether they were in the hou e or not. He could not even  ummon the energy to get up and turn on hi  bedroom light. The room grew  teadily darker around him a  he lay li tening to the night  ound  through the window he kept open all the time, waiting for the ble ed moment when Hedwig returned. The empty hou e creaked around him. The pipe  gurgled. Harry lay there in a kind of  tupor, thinking of nothing,  u pended in mi ery. Then, quite di tinctly, he heard a cra h in the kitchen below. He  at bolt upright, li tening intently. The Dur ley  couldn't be back, it wa  much too  oon, and in any ca e he hadn't heard their car. There wa   ilence for a few  econd , then voice . Burglar , he thought,  liding off the bed on to hi  feet - but a  plit  econd later it occurred to him that burglar  would keep their voice  down, and whoever wa  moving around in the kitchen wa  certainly not troubling to do  o. He  natched up hi  wand from the bed ide table and  tood facing hi  bedroom door, li tening with all hi  might. Next moment, he jumped a  the lock gave a loud click and hi  door  wung open. Harry  tood motionle ,  taring through the open doorway at the dark up tair  landing,  training hi  ear  for further  ound , but none came. He he itated for a moment, then moved  wiftly and  ilently out of hi  room to the head of the  tair . Hi  heart  hot upward  into hi  throat. There were people  tanding in the  hadowy hall below,  ilhouetted again t the  treetlight glowing through the gla  door; eight or nine of them, all, a  far a  he could  ee, looking up at him. 'Lower your wand, boy, before you take  omeone'  eye out,'  aid a low, growling voice. Harry'  heart wa  thumping uncontrollably. He knew that voice, but he did not lower hi  wand. 'Profe or Moody?' he  aid uncertainly. 'I don't know  o much about “Profe or”,' growled the voice, 'never got round to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to  ee you properly.' Harry lowered hi  wand  lightly but did not relax hi  grip on it, nor did he move. He had very good rea on to be  u piciou . He had recently  pent nine month  in what he had thought wa  Mad-Eye Moody'  company only to find out that it wa n't Moody at all, but an impo tor; an impo tor, moreover, who had tried to kill Harry before being unma ked. But before he could make a deci ion about what to do next, a  econd,  lightly hoar e voice floated up tair . 'It'  all right, Harry. We've come to take you away.' Harry'  heart leapt. He knew that voice, too, though he hadn't heard it for over a year. 'P-Profe or Lupin?' he  aid di believingly. 'I  that you?' 'Why are we all  tanding in the dark?'  aid a third voice, thi  one completely unfamiliar, a woman' . 'Lumo .' A wand-tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical light. Harry blinked. The people below were crowded around the foot of the  tair , gazing up at him intently,  ome craning their head  for a better look. Remu  Lupin  tood neare t to him. Though  till quite young, Lupin looked tired and rather ill; he had more grey hair  than when Harry had la t  aid goodbye to him and hi  robe  were more patched and  habbier than ever. Neverthele , he wa   miling broadly at Harry, who tried to  mile back de pite hi   tate of  hock. 'Oooh, he look  ju t like I thought he would,'  aid the witch who wa  holding her lit wand aloft. She looked the younge t there;  he had a pale heart- haped face, dark twinkling eye , and  hort  piky hair that wa  a violent  hade of violet. 'Wotcher, Harry!' 'Yeah, I  ee what you mean, Remu ,'  aid a bald black wizard  tanding furthe t back - he had a deep,  low voice and wore a  ingle gold hoop in hi  ear - 'he look  exactly like Jame .' 'Except the eye ,'  aid a wheezy-voiced,  ilver-haired wizard at the back. 'Lily'  eye .' Mad-Eye Moody, who had long grizzled grey hair and a large chunk mi ing from hi  no e, wa   quinting  u piciou ly at Harry through hi  mi matched eye . One eye wa   mall, dark and beady, the other large, round and electric blue - the magical eye that could  ee through wall , door  and the back of Moody'  own head. 'Are you quite  ure it'  him, Lupin?' he growled. 'It'd be a nice lookout if we bring back  ome Death Eater imper onating him. We ought to a k him  omething only the real Potter would know. Unle  anyone brought any Verita erum?' 'Harry, what form doe  your Patronu  take?' Lupin a ked. 'A  tag,'  aid Harry nervou ly. That'  him, Mad-Eye,'  aid Lupin. Very con ciou  of everybody  till  taring at him, Harry de cended the  tair ,  towing hi  wand in the back pocket of hi  jean  a  he came. 'Don't put your wand there, boy!' roared Moody. 'What if it ignited? Better wizard  than you have lo t buttock , you know!' 'Who d'you know who'  lo t a buttock?' the violet-haired woman a ked Mad-Eye intere tedly. 'Never you mind, you ju t keep your wand out of your back pocket!' growled Mad-Eye. 'Elementary wand- afety, nobody bother  about it any more.' He  tumped off toward  the kitchen. 'And I  aw that,' he added irritably, a  the woman rolled her eye  toward  the ceiling. Lupin held out hi  hand and  hook Harry' . 'How are you?' he a ked, looking clo ely at Harry. T-fine…' Harry could hardly believe thi  wa  real. Four week  with nothing, not the tinie t hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and  uddenly a whole bunch of wizard  wa   tanding matter-of-factly in the hou e a  though thi  wa  a long- tanding arrangement. He glanced at the people  urrounding Lupin; they were  till gazing avidly at him. He felt very con ciou  of the fact that he had not combed hi  hair for four day . 'I'm - you're really lucky the Dur ley  are out…' he mumbled. 'Lucky, ha!'  aid the violet-haired woman. 'It wa  me who lured them out of the way. Sent a letter by Muggle po t telling them they'd been  hort-li ted for the All-England Be t Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. They're heading off to the prize-giving right now… or they think they are.' Harry had a fleeting vi ion of Uncle Vernon'  face when he reali ed there wa  no All-England Be t Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. 'We are leaving, aren't we?' he a ked. 'Soon?' Almo t at once,'  aid Lupin, 'we're ju t waiting for the all-clear.' 'Where are we going? The Burrow?' Harry a ked hopefully. 'Not The Burrow, no,'  aid Lupin, motioning Harry toward  the kitchen; the little knot of wizard  followed, all  till eyeing Harry curiou ly. Too ri ky. We've  et up Headquarter   omewhere un-detectable. It'  taken a while…' Mad-Eye Moody wa  now  itting at the kitchen table  wigging from a hip fla k, hi  magical eye  pinning in all direction , taking in the Dur ley ' many labour- aving appliance . 'Thi  i  Ala tor Moody, Harry' Lupin continued, pointing toward  Moody. 'Yeah, I know,'  aid Harry uncomfortably. It felt odd to be intro-duced to  omebody he'd thought he'd known for a year. 'And thi  i  Nymphadora -' 'Don't call me Nymphadora, Remu ,'  aid the young witch with a  hudder, 'it'  Tonk .' 'Nymphadora Tonk , who prefer  to be known by her  urname only,' fini hed Lupin. 'So would you if your fool of a mother had called you Nymphadora,' muttered Tonk . 'And thi  i  King ley Shacklebolt.' He indicated the tall black wizard, who bowed. 'Elphia  Doge.' The wheezy-voiced wizard nodded. 'Dedalu  Diggle -' 'We've met before,'  queaked the excitable Diggle, dropping hi  violet-coloured top hat. 'Emmeline Vance.' A  tately-looking witch in an emerald green  hawl inclined her head. 'Sturgi  Podmore.' A  quare-jawed wizard with thick  traw-coloured hair winked. 'And He tia Jone .' A pink-cheeked, black-haired witch waved from next to the toa ter. Harry inclined hi  head awkwardly at each of them a  they were introduced. He wi hed they would look at  omething other than him; it wa  a  though he had  uddenly been u hered on- tage. He al o wondered why  o many of them were there. 'A  urpri ing number of people volunteered to come and get you,'  aid Lupin, a  though he had read Harry'  mind; the corner  of hi  mouth twitched  lightly. 'Yeah, well, the more the better,'  aid Moody darkly. 'We're your guard, Potter.' 'We're ju t waiting for the  ignal to tell u  it'   afe to  et off,'  aid Lupin, glancing out of the kitchen window. 'We've got about fifteen minute .' 'Very clean, aren't they, the e Muggle ?'  aid the witch called Tonk , who wa  looking around the kitchen with great intere t. 'My dad'  Muggle-born and he'  a right old  lob. I  uppo e it varie , ju t a  it doe  with wizard ?' 'Er - yeah,'  aid Harry. 'Look -' he turned back to Lupin, 'what'  going on, I haven't heard anything from anyone, what'  Vol—?' Several of the witche  and wizard  made odd hi ing noi e ; Dedalu  Diggle dropped hi  hat again and Moody growled, 'Shut up!' What?'  aid Harry. 'We're not di cu ing anything here, it'  too ri ky,'  aid Moody, turning hi  normal eye on Harry. Hi  magical eye remained focu ed on the ceiling. 'Damn it,' he added angrily, putting a hand up to the magical eye, 'it keep  getting  tuck - ever  ince that  cum wore it.' And with a na ty  quelching  ound much like a plunger being pulled from a  ink, he popped out hi  eye. 'Mad-Eye, you do know that'  di gu ting, don't you?'  aid Tonk  conver ationally. 'Get me a gla  of water, would you, Harry,' reque ted Moody. Harry cro ed to the di hwa her, took out a clean gla  and filled it with water at the  ink,  till watched eagerly by the band of wizard . Their relentle   taring wa   tarting to annoy him. 'Cheer ,'  aid Moody, when Harry handed him the gla . He dropped the magical eyeball into the water and prodded it up and down; the eye whizzed around,  taring at them all in turn. 'I want three hundred and  ixty degree  vi ibility on the return journey.' 'How're we getting - wherever we're going?' Harry a ked. 'Broom ,'  aid Lupin. 'Only way. You're too young to Apparate, they'll be watching the Floo Network and it'  more than our life'  worth to  et up an unauthori ed Portkey.' 'Remu   ay  you're a good flier,'  aid King ley Shacklebolt in hi  deep voice. 'He'  excellent,'  aid Lupin, who wa  checking hi  watch. 'Anyway, you'd better go and get packed, Harry, we want to be ready to go when the  ignal come .' 'I'll come and help you,'  aid Tonk  brightly. She followed Harry back into the hall and up the  tair , looking around with much curio ity and intere t. 'Funny place,'  he  aid. 'It'  a bit too clean, d'you know what I mean? Bit unnatural. Oh, thi  i  better,'  he added, a  they entered Harry'  bedroom and he turned on the light. Hi  room wa  certainly much me ier than the re t of the hou e. Confined to it for four day  in a very bad mood, Harry had not bothered tidying up after him elf. Mo t of the book  he owned were  trewn over the floor where he'd tried to di tract him elf with each in turn and thrown it a ide; Hedwig'  cage needed cleaning out and wa   tarting to  mell; and hi  trunk lay open, revealing a jumbled mixture of Muggle clothe  and wizard ' robe  that had  pilled on to the floor around it. Harry  tarted picking up book  and throwing them ha tily into hi  trunk. Tonk  pau ed at hi  open wardrobe to look critically at her reflection in the mirror on the in ide of the door. 'You know, I don't think violet'  really my colour,'  he  aid pen- ivey, tugging at a lock of  piky hair. 'D'you think it make  me look a bit peaky?' 'Er -'  aid Harry, looking up at her over the top of Quidditch Team  of Britain and Ireland. 'Yeah, it doe ,'  aid Tonk  deci ively. She  crewed up her eye  in a  trained expre ion a  though  he wa   truggling to remember  omething. A  econd later, her hair had turned bubble-gum pink. 'How did you do that?'  aid Harry, gaping at her a   he opened her eye  again. 'I'm a Metamorphmagu ,'  he  aid, looking back at her reflec-tion and turning her head  o that  he could  ee her hair from all direction . 'It mean  I can change my appearance at will,'  he added,  potting Harry  puzzled expre ion in the mirror behind her. 'I wa  born one. I got top mark  in Concealment and Di gui e during Auror training without any  tudy at all, it wa  great.' 'You're an Auror?'  aid Harry, impre ed. Being a Dark-wizard-catcher wa  the only career he'd ever con idered after Hogwart . 'Yeah,'  aid Tonk , looking proud. 'King ley i  a  well, he'  a bit higher up than me, though. I only qualified a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth and Tracking. I'm dead clum y, did you hear me break that plate when we arrived down tair ?' 'Can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagu ?' Harry a ked her,  traightening up, completely forgetting about packing. Tonk  chuckled. 'Bet you wouldn't mind hiding that  car  ometime , eh?' Her eye  found the lightning- haped  car on Harry  forehead. 'No, I wouldn't mind,' Harry mumbled, turning away. He did not like people  taring at hi   car. 'Well, you'll have to learn the hard way, I'm afraid,'  aid Tonk . 'Metamorphmagi are really rare, they're born, not made. Mo t wizard  need to u e a wand, or potion , to change their appearance. But we've got to get going, Harry, we're  uppo ed to be packing,'  he added guiltily, looking around at all the me  on the floor. 'Oh — yeah,'  aid Harry, grabbing a few more book . 'Don't be  tupid, it'll be much quicker if I - pack!' cried Tonk , waving her wand in a long,  weeping movement over the floor. Book , clothe , tele cope and  cale  all  oared into the air and flew pell-mell into the trunk. 'It'  not very neat,'  aid Tonk , walking over to the trunk and looking down at the jumble in ide. 'My mum  got thi  knack of getting  tuff to fit it elf in neatly -  he even get  the  ock  to fold them elve  - but I've never ma tered how  he doe  it - it'  a kind of flick -' She flicked her wand hopefully. One of Harry'   ock  gave a feeble  ort of wiggle and flopped back on top of the me  in the trunk. 'Ah, well,'  aid Tonk ,  lamming the trunk'  lid  hut, 'at lea t it'  all in. That could do with a bit of cleaning, too.' She pointed her wand at Hedwig'  cage. 'Scourgify.' A few feather  and dropping  vani hed. 'Well, that'  a bit better - I've never quite got the hang of the e hou eholdy  ort of  pell . Right - got everything? Cauldron? Broom? Wow! - A FireboltT Her eye  widened a  they fell on the broom tick in Harry'  right hand It wa  hi  pride and joy, a gift from Siriu , an international- tandard broom tick. 'And I'm  till riding a Comet Two Sixty'  aid Tonk  enviou ly. 'Ah well… wand  till in your jean ? Both buttock   till on? OK, let'  go. Locomotor trunk.' Harry'  trunk ro e a few inche  into the air. Holding her wand like a conductor'  baton, Tonk  made the trunk hover acro  the room and out of the door ahead of them, Hedwig'  cage in her left hand. Harry followed her down the  tair  carrying hi  broom tick. Back in the kitchen Moody had replaced hi  eye, which wa   pinning  o fa t after it  cleaning it made Harry feel  ick to look at it. King ley Shacklebolt and Sturgi  Podmore were examining the microwave and He tia Jone  wa  laughing at a potato peeler  he had come acro  while rummaging in the drawer . Lupin wa   ealing a letter addre ed to the Dur ley . 'Excellent,'  aid Lupin, looking up a  Tonk  and Harry entered. We've got about a minute, I think. We  hould probably get out into the garden  o we're ready. Harry, I've left a letter telling your aunt and uncle not to worry - They won't,'  aid Harry. - that you're  afe -'That'll ju t depre  them.' - and you'll  ee them next  ummer.' 'Do I have to?' Lupin  miled but made no an wer. 'Come here, boy,'  aid Moody gruffly, beckoning Harry toward  him with hi  wand. 'I need to Di illu ion you.' 'You need to what?'  aid Harry nervou ly. 'Di illu ionment Charm,'  aid Moody, rai ing hi  wand. 'Lupin  ay  you've got an Invi ibility Cloak, but it won't  tay on while we're flying; thi 'll di gui e you better. Here you go - He rapped him hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a curiou   en ation a  though Moody had ju t  ma hed an egg there; cold trickle   eemed to be running down hi  body from the point the wand had  truck. 'Nice one, Mad-Eye,'  aid Tonk  appreciatively,  taring at Harry'  midriff. Harry looked down at hi  body, or rather, what had been hi  body, for it didn't look anything like hi  any more. It wa  not invi ible; it had  imply taken on the exact colour and texture of the kitchen unit behind him. He  eemed to have become a human chameleon. 'Come on,'  aid Moody, unlocking the back door with hi  wand. They all  tepped out ide on to Uncle Vernon'  beautifully kept lawn. 'Clear night,' grunted Moody, hi  magical eye  canning the heaven . 'Could've done with a bit more cloud cover. Right, you,' he barked at Harry, 'we're going to be flying in clo e formation. Tonk 'll be right in front of you, keep clo e on her tail. Lupin'll be covering you from below I'm going to be behind you. The re t'll be circling u . We don't break rank  for anything, got me? If one of u  i  killed - 'I  that likely?' Harry a ked apprehen ively, but Moody ignored him. - the other  keep flying, don't  top, don't break rank . If they take out all of u  and you  urvive, Harry, the rear guard are  tanding by to take over; keep flying ea t and they'll join you.' 'Stop being  o cheerful, Mad-Eye, he'll think we're not taking thi   eriou ly'  aid Tonk , a   he  trapped Harry'  trunk and Hedwig'  cage into a harne  hanging from her broom. 'I'm ju t telling the boy the plan,' growled Moody. 'Our job  to deliver him  afely to Headquarter  and if we die in the attempt - 'No one'  going to die,'  aid King ley Shacklebolt in hi  deep, calming voice. 'Mount your broom , that'  the fir t  ignal!'  aid Lupin  harply pointing into the  ky. Far, far above them, a  hower of bright red  park  had flared among the  tar , Harry recogni ed them at once a  wand  park . He  wung hi  right leg over hi  Firebolt, gripped it  handle tightly and felt it vibrating very  lightly, a  though it wa  a  keen a  he wa  to be up in the air once more. 'Second  ignal, let'  go!'  aid Lupin loudly a  more  park , green thi  time, exploded high above them. Harry kicked off hard from the ground. The cool night air ru hed through hi  hair a  the neat  quare garden  of Privet Drive fell away,  hrinking rapidly into a patchwork of dark green  and black , and every thought of the Mini try hearing wa   wept from hi  mind a  though the ru h of air had blown it out of hi  head. He felt a  though hi  heart wa  going to explode with plea ure; he wa  flying again, flying away from Privet Drive a  he'd been fanta i ing about all  ummer, he wa  going home… for a few gloriou  moment , all hi  problem   eemed to recede to nothing, in ignificant in the va t,  tarry  ky. 'Hard left, hard left, there'  a Muggle looking up!'  houted Moody from behind him. Tonk   werved and Harry followed her, watching hi  trunk  winging wildly beneath her broom. 'We need more height… give it another quarter of a mile!' Harry'  eye  watered in the chill a  they  oared upward ; he could  ee nothing below now but tiny pinprick  of light that were car headlight  and  treetlamp . Two of tho e tiny light  might belong to Uncle Vernon'  car… the Dur ley  would be heading back to their empty hou e right now, full of rage about the non-exi tent Lawn Competition… and Harry laughed aloud at the thought, though hi  voice wa  drowned by the flapping robe  of the other , the creaking of the harne  holding hi  trunk and the cage, and the whoo h of the wind in their ear  a  they  ped through the air. He had not felt thi  alive in a month, or thi  happy. 'Bearing  outh!'  houted Mad-Eye. Town ahead!' They  oared right to avoid pa ing directly over the glittering  pider'  web of light  below. 'Bear  outhea t and keep climbing, there'   ome low cloud ahead we can lo e our elve  in!' called Moody. 'We're not going through cloud !'  houted Tonk  angrily, 'we'll get  oaked, Mad-Eye!' Harry wa  relieved to hear her  ay thi ; hi  hand  were growing numb on the Firebolt'  handle. He wi hed he had thought to put on a coat; he wa   tarting to  hiver. They altered their cour e every now and then according to Mad-Eye  in truction . Harry  eye  were  crewed up again t the ru h of icy wind that wa   tarting to make hi  ear  ache; he could remember being thi  cold on a broom only once before, during the Quidditch match again t Hufflepuff in hi  third year, which had taken place in a  torm. The guard around him wa  circling continuou ly like giant bird  of prey. Harry lo t track of time. He wondered how long they had been flying, it felt like an hour at lea t. Turning  outhwe t!' yelled Moody 'We want to avoid the motorway!' Harry wa  now  o chilled he thought longingly of the  nug, dry interior  of the car   treaming along below, then, even more longingly, of travelling by Floo powder; it might be uncomfortable to  pin around in fireplace  but it wa  at lea t warm in the flame … King ley Shacklebolt  wooped around him, bald pate and earring gleaming  lightly in the moonlight… now Emmeline Vance wa  on hi  right, her wand out, her head turning left and right… then  he, too,  wooped over him, to be replaced by Sturgi  Podmore… 'We ought to double back for a bit, ju t to make  ure we're not being followed!' Moody  houted. 'ARE YOU MAD, MAD-EYE?' Tonk   creamed from the front. We're all frozen to our broom ! If we keep going off-cour e we're not going to get there until next week! Be ide , we're nearly there now!' Time to  tart the de cent!' came Lupin'  voice. 'Follow Tonk , Harry!' Harry followed Tonk  into a dive. They were heading for the large t collection of light  he had yet  een, a huge,  prawling cri cro ing ma , glittering in line  and grid , inter per ed with patche  of deepe t black. Lower and lower they flew, until Harry could  ee individual headlight  and  treetlamp , chimney  and televi ion aerial . He wanted to reach the ground very much, though he felt  ure  omeone would have to unfreeze him from hi  broom. 'Here we go!' called Tonk , and a few  econd  later  he had landed. Harry touched down right behind her and di mounted on a patch of unkempt gra  in the middle of a  mall  quare. Tonk  wa  already unbuckling Harry'  trunk. Shivering, Harry looked around. The grimy front  of the  urrounding hou e  were not welcoming;  ome of them had broken window , glimmering dully in the light fro the  treetlamp , paint wa  peeling from many of the door  and heap  of rubbi h lay out ide  everal  et  of front  tep . 'Where are we?' Harry a ked, but Lupin  aid quietly, 'In a minute.' Moody wa  rummaging in hi  cloak, hi  gnarled hand  clum y with cold. 'Got it,' he muttered, rai ing what looked like a  ilver cigarette lighter into the air and clicking it. The neare t  treetlamp went out with a pop. He clicked the unlighter again; the next lamp went out; he kept clicking until every lamp in the  quare wa  extingui hed and the only remaining light came from curtained window  and the  ickle moon overhead. 'Borrowed it from Dumbledore,' growled Moody, pocketing the Put-Outer. That'll take care of any Muggle  looking out of the window,  ee? Now come on, quick.' He took Harry by the arm and led him from the patch of gra , acro  the road and on to the pavement; Lupin and Tonk  followed, carrying Harry'  trunk between them, the re t of the guard, all with their wand  out, flanking them. The muffled pounding of a  tereo wa  coming from an upper window in the neare t hou e. A pungent  mell of rotting rubbi h came from the pile of bulging bin-bag  ju t in ide the broken gate. 'Here,' Moody muttered, thru ting a piece of parchment toward  Harry'  Di illu ioned hand and holding hi  lit wand clo e to it,  o a  to illuminate the writing. 'Read quickly and memori e.' Harry looked down at the piece of paper. The narrow handwriting wa  vaguely familiar. It  aid: The Headquarter  of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place , London . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 4 - Number... 'What'  the Order of the -?' Harry began. 'Not here, boy!'  narled Moody. 'Wait till we're in ide!' He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harry'  hand and  et fire to it with hi  wand-tip. A  the me age curled into flame  and floated to the ground, Harry looked around at the hou e  again. They were  tanding out ide number eleven; he looked to the left and  aw number ten; to the right, however, wa  number thirteen. 'But where'  -?' Think about what you've ju t memori ed,'  aid Lupin quietly. Harry thought, and no  ooner had he reached the part about number twelve, Grimmauld Place, than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between number  eleven and thirteen, followed  wiftly by dirty wall  and grimy window . It wa  a  though an extra hou e had inflated, pu hing tho e on either  ide out of it  way. Harry gaped at it. The  tereo in number eleven thudded on. Apparently the Muggle  in ide hadn't felt anything. 'Come on, hurry,' growled Moody, prodding Harry in the back. Harry walked up the worn  tone  tep ,  taring at the newly materiali ed door. It  black paint wa   habby and  cratched. The  ilver doorknocker wa  in the form of a twi ted  erpent. There wa  no keyhole or letterbox. Lupin pulled out hi  wand and tapped the door once. Harry heard many loud, metallic click  and what  ounded like the clatter of a chain. The door creaked open. 'Get in quick, Harry,' Lupin whi pered, 'but don't go far in ide and don't touch anything.' Harry  tepped over the thre hold into the almo t total darkne  of the hall. He could  mell damp, du t and a  weeti h, rotting  mell; the place had the feeling of a derelict building. He looked over hi   houlder and  aw the other  filing in behind him, Lupin and Tonk  carrying hi  trunk and Hedwig'  cage. Moody wa   tanding on the top  tep relea ing the ball  of light the Put-Outer had  tolen from the  treetlamp ; they flew back to their bulb  and the  quare glowed momentarily with orange light before Moody limped in ide and clo ed the front door,  o that the darkne  in the hall became complete. 'Here -' He rapped Harry hard over the head with hi  wand; Harry felt a  though  omething hot wa  trickling down hi  back thi  time and knew that the Di illu ionment Charm mu t have lifted. 'Now  tay  till, everyone, while I give u  a bit of light in here,' Moody whi pered. The other ' hu hed voice  were giving Harry an odd feeling of foreboding; it wa  a  though they had ju t entered the hou e of a dying per on. He heard a  oft hi ing noi e and then old-fa hioned ga  lamp   puttered into life all along the wall , ca ting a flickering in ub tantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portrait  hung crooked on the wall . Harry heard  omething  cuttling behind the  kirting board. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby were  haped like  erpent . There were hurried foot tep  and Ron  mother, Mr . Wea ley, emerged from a door at the far end of the hall. She wa  beaming in welcome a   he hurried toward  them, though Harry noticed that  he wa  rather thinner and paler than  he had been la t time he had  een her. 'Oh, Harry, it'  lovely to  ee you!'  he whi pered, pulling him into a rib-cracking hug before holding him at arm'  length and examining him critically. 'You're looking peaky; you need feeding up, but you'll have to wait a bit for dinner, I'm afraid.' She turned to the gang of wizard  behind him and whi pered urgently, 'He'  ju t arrived, the meeting'   tarted.' The wizard  behind Harry all made noi e  of intere t and excitement and began filing pa t him toward  the door through which Mr . Wea ley had ju t come. Harry made to follow Lupin, but Mr . Wea ley held him back. 'No, Harry, the meeting  only for member  of the Order. Ron and Hermione are up tair , you can wait with them until the meeting  over, then we'll have dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall,'  he added in an urgent whi per. 'Why?' 'I don't want anything to wake up.' 'What d'you -?' Til explain later, I've got to hurry, I'm  uppo ed to be at the meeting - I'll ju t  how you where you're  leeping.' Pre ing her finger to her lip ,  he led him on tiptoe pa t a pair of long, moth-eaten curtain , behind which Harry  uppo ed there mu t be another door, and after  kirting a large umbrella  tand that looked a  though it had been made from a  evered troll'  leg they  tarted up the dark  tairca e, pa ing a row of  hrunken head  mounted on plaque  on the wall. A clo er look  howed Harry that the head  belonged to hou e-elve . All of them had the  ame rather  nout-like no e. Harry'  bewilderment deepened with every  tep he took. What on earth were they doing in a hou e that looked a  though it belonged to the Darke t of wizard ? 'Mr . Wea ley, why -?' 'Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, I've really got to da h,' Mr . Wea ley whi pered di tractedly. There -' they had reached the  econd landing, '- you're the door on the right. I'll call you when it'  over.' And  he hurried off down tair  again. Harry cro ed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom doorknob, which wa   haped like a  erpent  head, and opened the door. He caught a brief glimp e of a gloomy high-ceilinged, twin-bedded room; then there wa  a loud twittering noi e, followed by an even louder  hriek, and hi  vi ion wa  completely ob cured by a large quantity of very bu hy hair. Hermione had thrown her elf on to him in a hug that nearly knocked him flat, while Ron'  tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round and round their head . 'HARRY! Ron, he'  here, Harry  here! We didn't hear you arrive! Oh, how are you? Are you all right? Have you been furiou  with u ? I bet you have, I know our letter  were u ele  - but we couldn't tell you anything, Dumbledore made u   wear we wouldn't, oh, we've got  o much to tell you, and you've got thing  to tell u  -the Dementor ! When we heard - and that Mini try hearing - it'  ju t outrageou , I've looked it all up, they can't expel you, they ju t can't, there'  provi ion in the Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery for the u e of magic in life-threatening  ituation  -' 'Let him breathe, Hermione,'  aid Ron, grinning a  he clo ed the door behind Harry. He  eemed to have grown  everal more inche  during their month apart, making him taller and more gangly looking than ever, though the long no e, bright red hair and freckle  were the  ame. Still beaming, Hermione let go of Harry, but before  he could  ay another word there wa  a  oft whoo hing  ound and  omething white  oared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harry   houlder. 'Hedwig!' The  nowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled hi  ear affectionately a  Harry  troked her feather . 'She'  been in a right  tate,'  aid Ron. 'Pecked u  half to death when  he brought your la t letter , look at thi  -' He  howed Harry the index finger ol hi  right hand, which  ported a half-healed but clearly deep cut. 'Oh, yeah,' Harry  aid. 'Sorry about that, but I wanted an wer , you know -' 'We wanted to give them to you, mate,'  aid Ron. 'Hermione wa  going  pare,  he kept  aying you'd do  omething  tupid if you were  tuck all on your own without new , but Dumbledore made u  -' '—  wear not to tell me,'  aid Harry. 'Yeah, Hermione'  already  aid. ' The warm glow that had flared in ide him at the  ight of hi  two be t friend  wa  extingui hed a   omething icy flooded the pit of hi   tomach. All of a  udden - after yearning to  ee them for a  olid month — he felt he would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone. There wa  a  trained  ilence in which Harry  troked Hedwig automatically, not looking at either of the other . 'He  eemed to think it wa  be t,'  aid Hermione rather breathle ly. 'Dumbledore, I mean.' 'Right,'  aid Harry. He noticed that her hand , too, bore the mark  of Hedwig  beak and found that he wa  not at all  orry. 'I think he thought you were  afe t with the Muggle  -' Ron began. 'Yeah?'  aid Harry, rai ing hi  eyebrow . 'Have either of you been attacked by Dementor  thi   ummer?' 'Well, no - but that'  why he'  had people from the Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time -' Harry felt a great jolt in hi  gut  a  though he had ju t mi ed a  tep going down tair . So everyone had known he wa  being followed, except him. 'Didn't work that well, though, did it?'  aid Harry, doing hi  utmo t to keep hi  voice even. 'Had to look after my elf after all, didn't I?' 'He wa   o angry,'  aid Hermione, in an almo t awe truck voice. 'Dumbledore. We  aw him. When he found out Mundungu  had left before hi   hift had ended. He wa   cary.' 'Well, I'm glad he left,' Harry  aid coldly. 'If he hadn't, I wouldn't have done magic and Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all  ummer.' 'Aren't you… aren't you worried about the Mini try of Magic hearing?'  aid Hermione quietly. 'No,' Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them, looking around, with Hedwig ne tled contentedly on hi   houlder, but thi  room wa  not likely to rai e hi   pirit . It wa  dank and dark. A blank  tretch of canva  in an ornate picture frame wa  all that relieved the barene  of the peeling wall , and a  Harry pa ed it he thought he heard  omeone, who wa  lurking out of  ight,  nigger. 'So why'  Dumbledore been  o keen to keep me in the dark?' Harry a ked,  till trying hard to keep hi  voice ca ual. 'Did you -er - bother to a k him at all?' He glanced up ju t in time to  ee them exchanging a look that told him he wa  behaving ju t a  they had feared he would. It did nothing to improve hi  temper. 'We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what wa  going on,'  aid Ron. 'We did, mate. But he'  really bu y now, we've only  een him twice  ince we came here and he didn't have much time, he ju t made u   wear not to tell you important  tuff when we wrote, he  aid the owl  might be intercepted.' 'He could  till've kept me informed if he'd wanted to,' Harry  aid  hortly. 'You're not telling me he doe n't know way  to  end me age  without owl .' Hermione glanced at Ron and then  aid, '1 thought that, too. But he didn't want you to know anything.' 'Maybe he think  I can't be tru ted,'  aid Harry, watching their expre ion . 'Don't be thick,'  aid Ron, looking highly di concerted. 'Or that I can't take care of my elf.' 'Of cour e he doe n't think that!'  aid Hermione anxiou ly. 'So how come I have to  tay at the Dur ley ' while you two get to join in everything that'  going on here?'  aid Harry, the word  tumbling over one another in a ru h, hi  voice growing louder with every word. 'How come you two are allowed to know everything that'  going on?' 'We're not!' Ron interrupted. 'Mum won't let u  near the meeting ,  he  ay  we're too young -' But before he knew it, Harry wa   houting. 'SO YOU HAVEN'T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOU'VE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN'T YOU? YOU'VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, I'VE BEEN STUCK AT THE DURSLEYS' FOR A MONTH! AND I'VE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWO'VE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT -WHO SAVED THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE? WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?' Every bitter and re entful thought Harry had had in the pa t month wa  pouring out of him: hi  fru tration at the lack of new , the hurt that they had all been together without him, hi  fury at being followed and not told about it - all the feeling  he wa  half-a hamed of finally bur t their boundarie . Hedwig took fright at the noi e and  oared off to the top of the wardrobe again; Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even ta ter around their head . 'WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM? ME!' Ron wa   tanding there with hi  mouth half-open, clearly  tunned and at a lo  for anything to  ay, whil t Hermione looked on the verge of tear . 'BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING?' 'Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did -' Hermione began. 'CANT'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT Dl/MBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR - Well, he did -' 'FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON -' We wanted to -' 'I SUPPOSE YOU'VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN'T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER -' 'No, hone t -' 'Harry we're really  orry!'  aid Hermione de perately, her eye  now  parkling with tear . 'You're ab olutely right, Harry - I'd be furiou  if it wa  me!' Harry glared at her,  till breathing deeply, then turned away from them again, pacing up and down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. There wa  a long pau e, broken only by the mournful creak of the floorboard  below Harry'  feet. 'What i  thi  place, anyway?' he  hot at Ron and Hermione. 'Headquarter  of the Order of the Phoenix,'  aid Ron at once. 'I  anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix -?' 'It'  a  ecret  ociety,'  aid Hermione quickly. 'Dumbledore'  in charge, he founded it. It'  the people who fought again t You-Know-Who la t time.' 'Who'  in it?'  aid Harry, coming to a halt with hi  hand  in hi  pocket . 'Quite a few people -' 'We've met about twenty of them,'  aid Ron, 'but we think there are more.' Harry glared at them. 'Well?' he demanded, looking from one to the other. 'Er,'  aid Ron. 'Well what?' 'Voldemort!'  aid Harry furiou ly, and both Ron and Hermione winced. 'What'  happening? What'  he up to? Where i  he? What are we doing to  top him?' 'We've told you, the Order don't let u  in on their meeting ,'  aid Hermione nervou ly. 'So we don't know the detail  - but we've got a general idea,'  he added ha tily,  eeing the look on Harry'  face. 'Fred and George have invented Extendable Ear ,  ee,'  aid Ron. They're really u eful.' 'Extendable -?' 'Ear , yeah. Only we've had to  top u ing them lately becau e Mum found out and went ber erk. Fred and George had to hide them all to  top Mum binning them. But we got a good bit of u e out of them before Mum reali ed what wa  going on. We know  ome of the Order are following known Death Eater , keeping tab  on them, you know -' 'Some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order -'  aid Hermione. 'And  ome of them are  tanding guard over  omething,'  aid Ron. They're alway  talking about guard duty.' 'Couldn't have been me, could it?'  aid Harry  arca tically. 'Oh, yeah,'  aid Ron, with a look of dawning comprehen ion. Harry  norted. He walked around the room again, looking anywhere but at Ron and Hermione. 'So, what have you two been doing, if you're not allowed in meeting ?' he demanded. 'You  aid you'd been bu y.' 'We have,'  aid Hermione quickly. 'We've been decontaminating thi  hou e, it'  been empty for age  and  tuff'  been breeding in here. We've managed to clean out the kitchen, mo t of the bedroom  and I think we're doing the drawing room tomo— AARGH!' With two loud crack , Fred and George, Ron'  elder twin brother , had materiali ed out of thin air in the middle of the room. Pigwidgeon twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the wardrobe. 'Stop doing that!' Hermione  aid weakly to the twin , who were a  vividly red-haired a  Ron, though  tockier and  lightly  horter. 'Hello, Harry,'  aid George, beaming at him. 'We thought we heard your dulcet tone .' 'You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out,'  aid Fred, al o beaming. There might be a couple of people fifty mile  away who didn't hear you.' 'You two pa ed your Apparation te t , then?' a ked Harry grumpily. 'With di tinction,'  aid Fred, who wa  holding what looked like a piece of very long, fle h-coloured  tring. 'It would have taken you about thirty  econd  longer to walk down the  tair ,'  aid Ron. Time i  Galleon , little brother,'  aid Fred. 'Anyway, Harry, you're interfering with reception. Extendable Ear ,' he added in re pon e" to Harry'  rai ed eyebrow , and held up the  tring which Harry now  aw wa  trailing out on to the landing. We're trying to hear what'  going on down tair .' 'You want to be careful,'  aid Ron,  taring at the Ear, 'if Mum  ee  one of them again…" 'It'  worth the ri k, that'  a major meeting they're having,'  aid Fred. The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared. 'Oh, hello, Harry!'  aid Ron'  younger  i ter, Ginny, brightly. 'I thought I heard your voice.' Turning to Fred and George,  he  aid, 'It'  no-go with the Extendable Ear ,  he'  gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.' 'How d'you know?'  aid George, looking cre tfallen. Tonk  told me how to find out,'  aid Ginny. 'You ju t chuck  tuff at the door and if it can't make contact the door'  been Imperturbed. I've been flicking Dungbomb  at it from the top of the  tair  and they ju t  oar away from it,  o there'  no way the Extendable Ear  will be able to get under the gap.' Fred heaved a deep  igh. 'Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snape'  been up to.' 'Snape!'  aid Harry quickly. 'I  he here?' 'Yeah,'  aid George, carefully clo ing the door and  itting down on one of the bed ; Fred and Ginny followed. 'Giving a report. Top  ecret.' 'Git,'  aid Fred idly. 'He'  on our  ide now,'  aid Hermione reprovingly. Ron  norted. 'Doe n't  top him being a git. The way he look  at u  when he  ee  u .' 'Bill doe n't like him, either,'  aid Ginny, a  though that  ettled the matter. Harry wa  not  ure hi  anger had abated yet; but hi  thir t for information wa  now overcoming hi  urge to keep  houting. He  ank on to the bed oppo ite the other . 'I  Bill here?' he a ked. 'I thought he wa  working in Egypt?' 'He applied for a de k job  o he could come home and work for the Order,'  aid Fred. 'He  ay  he mi e  the tomb , but; he  mirked, 'there are compen ation .' 'What d'you mean?' 'Remember old Fleur Delacour?'  aid George. 'She'  got a job at Gringott  to eempwve 'er Eeengli h -' 'And Bill'  been giving her a lot of private le on ,'  niggered Fred. 'Charlie'  in the Order, too,'  aid George, 'but he'   till in Romania. Dumbledore want  a  many foreign wizard  brought in a  po ible,  o Charlie'  trying to make contact  on hi  day  off.' 'Couldn't Percy do that?' Harry a ked. The la t he had heard, the third Wea ley brother wa  working in the Department of International Magical Co-operation at the Mini try of Magic. At Harry'  word , all the Wea ley  and Hermione exchanged darkly  ignificant look . 'Whatever you do, don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad,' Ron told Harry in a ten e voice. 'Why not?' 'Becau e every time Percy'  name'  mentioned, Dad break  whatever he'  holding and Mum  tart  crying,' Fred  aid. 'It'  been awful,'  aid Ginny  adly. 'I think we're well  hot of him,'  aid George, with an uncharacteri tically ugly look on hi  face. 'What'  happened?' Harry  aid. 'Percy and Dad had a row,'  aid Fred. 'I've never  een Dad row with anyone like that. It'  normally Mum who  hout .' 'It wa  the fir t week back after term ended,'  aid Ron. 'We were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told u  he'd been promoted.' 'You're kidding?'  aid Harry. Though he knew perfectly well that Percy wa  highly ambitiou , Harry'  impre ion wa  that Percy had not made a great  ucce  of hi  fir t job at the Mini try of Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large over ight of failing to notice that hi  bo  wa  being controlled by Lord Voldemort (not that the Mini try had believed it - they all thought Mr Crouch had gone mad). 'Yeah, we were all  urpri ed,'  aid George, 'becau e Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there wa  an inquiry and everything. They  aid Percy ought to have reali ed Crouch wa  off hi  rocker and informed a  uperior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wa n't going to complain.' 'So how come they promoted him?' That'  exactly what we wondered,'  aid Ron, who  eemed very keen to keep normal conver ation going now that Harry had  topped yelling. 'He came home really plea ed with him elf -even more plea ed than u ual, if you can imagine that — and told Dad he'd been offered a po ition in Fudge'  own office. A really good one for  omeone only a year out of Hogwart : Junior A i tant to the Mini ter. He expected Dad to be all impre ed, I think.' 'Only Dad wa n't,'  aid Fred grimly. 'Why not?'  aid Harry. .f- 'Well, apparently Fudge ha  been  torming round the Mini try checking that nobody'  having any contact with Dumbledore,'  aid George. 'Dumbledore'  name i  mud with the Mini try the e day ,  ee,'  aid Fred. They all think he'  ju t making trouble  aying You-Know-Who  back.' 'Dad  ay  Fudge ha  made it clear that anyone who'  in league with Dumbledore can clear out their de k ,'  aid George. 'Trouble i , Fudge  u pect  Dad, he know  he'  friendly with Dumbledore, and he'  alway  thought Dad'  a bit of a weirdo becau e of hi  Muggle ob e ion.' 'But what'  that got to do with Percy?' a ked Harry, contu ed. 'I'm coming to that. Dad reckon  Fudge only want  Percy in hi  office becau e he want  to u e him to  py on the family - and Dumbledore.' Harry let out a low whi tle. 'Bet Percy loved that.' Ron laughed in a hollow  ort of way. 'He went completely ber erk. He  aid — well, he  aid load  of terrible  tuff. He  aid he'  been having to  truggle again t Dad'  lou y reputation ever  ince he joined the Mini try and that Dad'  got no ambition and that'  why we've alway  been - you know -not had a lot of money, I mean -' 'What?'  aid Harry in di belief, a  Ginny made a noi e like an angry cat. 'I know,'  aid Ron in a low voice. 'And it got wor e. He  aid Dad wa  an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore wa  heading for big trouble and Dad wa  going to go down with him, and that he - Percy - knew where hi  loyalty lay and it wa  with the Mini try. And if Mum and Dad were going to become traitor  to the Mini try he wa  going to make  ure everyone knew he didn't belong to our family any more. And he packed hi  bag  the  ame night and left. He'  living here in London now.' Harry  wore under hi  breath. He had alway  liked Percy lea t of Ron'  brother , but he had never imagined he would  ay  uch thing  to Mr Wea ley. 'Mum'  been in a right  tate,'  aid Ron dully. 'You know - crying and  tuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he  lammed the door in her face. I dunno what he doe  if he meet  Dad at work - ignore  him, I' 'po e.' 'But Percy mu t know Voldemort'  back,'  aid Harry  lowly. 'He'  not  tupid, he mu t know your mum and dad wouldn't ri k everything without proof.' 'Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,'  aid Ron,  hooting Harry a furtive look. 'Percy  aid the only evidence wa  your word and… I dunno… he didn't think it wa  good enough.' 'Percy take  the Daily Prophet  eriou ly,'  aid Hermione tartly, and the other  all nodded. 'What are you talking about?' Harry a ked, looking around at them all. They were all regarding him warily. 'Haven't - haven't you been getting the Daily Prophet!' Hermione a ked nervou ly. 'Yeah, I have!'  aid Harry. 'Have you - er - been reading it thoroughly?' Hermione a ked,  till more anxiou ly. 'Not cover to cover,'  aid Harry defen ively. 'If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline new , wouldn't it?' The other  flinched at the  ound of the name. Hermione hurried on, 'Well, you'd need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they - um - they mention you a couple of time  a week.' 'But I'd have  een -' 'Not if you've only been reading the front page, you wouldn't,'  aid Hermione,  haking her head. 'I'm not talking about big article . They ju t  lip you in, like you're a  tanding joke.' 'What d'you -?' 'It'  quite na ty, actually,'  aid Hermione in a voice of forced calm. They're ju t building on Rita'   tuff.' 'But  he'  not writing for them any more, i   he?' 'Oh, no,  he'  kept her promi e — not that  he'  got any choice,' Hermione added with  ati faction. 'But  he laid the foundation for what they're trying to do now.' 'Which i  what?'  aid Harry impatiently. 'OK, you know  he wrote that you were collap ing all over the place and  aying your  car wa  hurting and all that?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, who wa  not likely to forget Rita Skeeter'   torie  about him in a hurry. 'Well, they're writing about you a  though you're thi  deluded, attention- eeking per on who think  he'  a great tragic hero or  omething,'  aid Hermione, very fa t, a  though it would be le  unplea ant for Harry to hear the e fact  quickly. They keep  lipping in  nide comment  about you. If  ome far-fetched  tory appear , they  ay  omething like, “A tale worthy of Harry Potter”, and if anyone ha  a funny accident or anything it' , “Let'  hope he ha n't got a  car on hi  forehead or we'll be a ked to wor hip him next” -' 'I don't want anyone to wor hip —' Harry began hotly. 'I know you don't,'  aid Hermione quickly, looking frightened. 'I know, Harry. But you  ee what they're doing? They want to turn you into  omeone nobody will believe. Fudge i  behind it, I'll bet anything. They want wizard  on the  treet to think you're ju t  ome  tupid boy who'  a bit of a joke, who tell  ridiculou  tall  torie  becau e he love  being famou  and want  to keep it going.' 'I didn't a k - I didn't want - Voldemort killed my parent !' Harry  pluttered. 'I got famou  becau e he murdered my family but couldn't kill me! Who want  to be famou  for that? Don't they think I'd rather it'd never -' 'We know, Harry,'  aid Ginny earne tly. 'And of cour e, they didn't report a word about the Dementor  attacking you,'  aid Hermione. 'Someone'  told them to keep that quiet. That  hould've been a really big  tory, out-of-control Dementor . They haven't even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We thought they would, it would tie in  o well with thi  image of you a   ome  tupid  how-off. We think they're biding their time until you're expelled, then they're really going to go to town - I mean, if you're expelled, obviou ly,'  he went on ha tily. 'You really  houldn't be, not if they abide by their own law , there'  no ca e again t you.' They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about that. He ca t around for another change of  ubject, but wa   aved the nece ity of finding one by the  ound of foot tep  coming up the  tair . 'Uh oh.' Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there wa  another loud crack and he and George vani hed. Second  later, Mr . Wea ley appeared in the bedroom doorway. The meeting'  over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyone'  dying to  ee you, Harry. And who'  left all tho e Dungbomb  out ide the kitchen door?' 'Crook hank ,'  aid Ginny unblu hmgly. 'He love  playing with them.' 'Oh,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, 'I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keep  doing odd thing  like that. Now don't forget to keep your voice  down in the hall. Ginny, your hand  are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wa h them before dinner, plea e.' Ginny grimaced at the other  and followed her mother out of the room, leaving Harry alone with Ron and Hermione. Both of them were watching him apprehen ively, a  though they feared he would  tart  houting again now that everyone el e had gone. The  ight of them looking  o nervou  made him feel  lightly a hamed. 'Look…' he muttered, but Ron  hook hi  head, and Hermione  aid quietly, 'We knew you'd be angry, Harry, we really don't blame you, but you've got to under tand, we did try to per uade Dumbledore -' 'Yeah, I know,'  aid Harry  hortly. He ca t around for a topic that didn't involve hi  headma ter, becau e the very thought of Dumbledore made Harry'  in ide  burn with anger again. 'Who'  Kreacher?' he a ked. The hou e-elf who live  here,'  aid Ron. 'Nutter. Never met one like him.' Hermione frowned at Ron. 'He'  not a nutter, Ron.' 'Hi  life'  ambition i  to have hi  head cut off and  tuck up on a plaque ju t like hi  mother,'  aid Ron irritably. 'I  that normal, Hermione?' 'Well - well, if he i  a bit  trange, it'  not hi  fault.' Ron rolled hi  eye  at Harry. 'Hermione  till ha n't given up on SPEW 'It'  not SPEW!'  aid Hermione heatedly. 'It'  the Society for the Promotion of Elfi h Welfare. And it'  not ju t me, Dumbledore  ay  we  hould be kind to Kreacher too.' 'Yeah, yeah,'  aid Ron. 'C'mon, I'm  tarving.' He led the way out of the door and on to the landing, but before they could de cend the  tair  - 'Hold it!' Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to  top Harry and Hermione walking any further. They're  till in the hall, we might be able to hear  omething.' The three of them looked cautiou ly over the bani ter . The gloomy hallway below wa  packed with witche  and wizard , including all of Harry  guard. They were whi pering excitedly together. In the very centre of the group Harry  aw the dark, grea y-haired head and prominent no e of hi  lea t favourite teacher at Hogwart , Profe or Snape. Harry leant further over the bani ter . He wa  very intere ted in what Snape wa  doing for the Order of the Phoenix… A thin piece of fle h-coloured  tring de cended in front of Harry  eye . Looking up, he  aw Ered and George on the landing above, cautiou ly lowering the Extendable Ear toward  the dark knot of people below. A moment later, however, they all began to move toward  the front door and out of  ight. 'Dammit,' Harry heard Fred whi per, a  he hoi ted the Extendable Ear back up again. They heard the front door open, then clo e. 'Snape never eat  here,' Ron told Harry quietly. Thank God. C'mon.' 'And don't forget to keep your voice down in the hall, Harry,' Hermione whi pered. A  they pa ed the row of hou e-elf head  on the wall, they  aw Lupin, Mr . Wea ley and Tonk  at the front door, magically  ealing it  many lock  and bolt  behind tho e who had ju t left. 'We're eating down in the kitchen,' Mr . Wea ley whi pered, meeting them at the bottom of the  tair . 'Harry, dear, if you'll ju t tiptoe acro  the hall it'  through thi  door here -' CRASH. 'Tonk !' cried Mr . Wea ley in exa peration, turning to look behind her. 'I'm  orry!' wailed Tonk , who wa  lying flat on the floor. 'It'  that  tupid umbrella  tand, that'  the  econd time I've tripped over -' But the re t of her word  were drowned by a horrible, ear- plitting, blood-curdling  creech. The moth-eaten velvet curtain  Harry had pa ed earlier had flown apart, but there wa  no door behind them. For a  plit  econd, Harry thought he wa  looking through a window, a window behind which an old woman in a black cap wa   creaming and  creaming a  though  he were being tortured - then he reali ed it wa   imply a life- ize portrait, but the mo t reali tic, and the mo t unplea ant, he had ever  een in hi  life. The old woman wa  drooling, her eye  were rolling, the yellowing  kin of her face  tretched taut a   he  creamed; and all along the hall behind them, the other portrait  awoke and began to yell, too,  o that Harry actually  crewed up hi  eye  at the noi e and clapped hi  hand  over hi  ear . Lupin and Mr . Wea ley darted forward and tried to tug the curtain   hut over the old woman, but they would not clo e and  he  creeched louder than ever, brandi hing clawed hand  a  though trying to tear at their face . 'Filth! Scum! By-product  of dirt and vilene ! Half-breed , mutant , freak , begone from thi  place! How dare you befoul the hou e of my father  -' Tonk  apologi ed over and over again, dragging the huge, heavy troll'  leg back off the floor; Mr . Wea ley abandoned the attempt to clo e the curtain  and hurried up and down the hall, Stunning all the other portrait  with her wand; and a man with long black hair came charging out of a door facing Harry. 'Shut up, you horrible old hag,  hut UP!' he roared,  eizing the curtain Mr . Wea ley had abandoned. The old woman'  face blanched. 'Yoooou!'  he howled, her eye  popping at the  ight of the man. 'Blood traitor, abomination,  hame of my fle h!' 'I  aid -  hut - UP!' roared the man, and with a  tupendou  effort he and Lupin managed to force the curtain  clo ed again. The old woman'   creeche  died and an echoing  ilence fell. Panting  lightly and  weeping hi  long dark hair out of hi  eye , Harry'  godfather Siriu  turned to face him. 'Hello, Harry,' he  aid grimly, 'I  ee you've met my mother.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 5 - The Order of the... 'Your -?' 'My dear old mum, yeah,'  aid Siriu . 'We've been trying to get her down for a month but we think  he put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canva . Let'  get down tair , quick, before they all wake up again.' 'But what'  a portrait of your mother doing here?' Harry a ked, bewildered, a  they went through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight of narrow  tone  tep , the other  ju t behind them. 'Ha n't anyone told you? Thi  wa  my parent ' hou e,'  aid Siriu . 'But I'm the la t Black left,  o it'  mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for Headquarter  - about the only u eful thing I've been able to do.' Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter Siriu '  voice  ounded. He followed hi  godfather to the bottom of the  tep  and through a door leading into the ba ement kitchen. It wa   carcely le  gloomy than the hall above, a cavernou  room with rough  tone wall . Mo t of the light wa  coming from a large fire at the far end of the room. A haze of pipe  moke hung in the air like battle fume , through which loomed the menacing  hape  of heavy iron pot  and pan  hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chair  had been crammed into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table  tood in the middle of them, littered with roll  of parchment, goblet , empty wine bottle , and a heap of what appeared to be rag . Mr Wea ley and hi  elde t  on Bill were talking quietly with their head  together at the end of the table. Mr . Wea ley cleared her throat. Her hu band, a thin, balding, red-haired man who wore horn-rimmed gla e , looked around and jumped to hi  feet. 'Harry!' Mr Wea ley  aid, hurrying forward to greet him, and  haking hi  hand vigorou ly. 'Good to  ee you!' Over hi   houlder Harry  aw Bill, who  till wore hi  long hair in a ponytail, ha tily rolling up the length  of parchment left on the table. 'Journey all right, Harry?' Bill called, trying to gather up twelve  croll  at once. 'Mad-Eye didn't make you come via Greenland, then?' 'He tried,'  aid Tonk ,  triding over to help Bill and immediately toppling a candle on to the la t piece of parchment. 'Oh no -  orry - 'Here, dear,'  aid Mr . Wea ley,  ounding exa perated, and  he repaired the parchment with a wave of her wand. In the fla h of light cau ed by Mr . Wea ley'  charm Harry caught a glimp e of what looked like the plan of a building. Mr . Wea ley had  een him looking. She  natched the plan off the table and  tuffed it into Bill'  already overladen arm . 'Thi   ort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meeting ,'  he  napped, before  weeping off toward  an ancient dre er from which  he  tarted unloading dinner plate . Bill took out hi  wand, muttered, 'Evane co!' and the  croll  vani hed. 'Sit down, Harry,'  aid Siriu . 'You've met Mundungu , haven't you?' The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rag  gave a prolonged, grunting  nore, then jerked awake. 'Some'n  ay m'name?' Mundungu  mumbled  leepily. 'I 'gree with Siriu …' He rai ed a very grubby hand in the air a  though voting, hi  droopy, blood hot eye  unfocu ed. Ginny giggled. 'The meeting'  over, Dung,'  aid Siriu , a  they all  at down around him at the table. 'Harry'  arrived.' 'Eh?'  aid Mundungu , peering balefully at Harry through hi  matted ginger hair. 'Blimey,  o 'e 'a . Yeah… you all right, 'Any?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. Mundungu  fumbled nervou ly in hi  pocket ,  till  taring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black pipe. He  tuck it in hi  mouth, ignited the end of it with hi  wand and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing cloud  of greeni h  moke ob cured him within  econd . 'Owe you a 'pology,' grunted a voice from the middle of the  melly cloud. 'For the la t time, Mundungu ,' called Mr . Wea ley, 'will you plea e not  moke that thing in the kitchen, e pecially not when we're about to eat!' 'Ah,'  aid Mundungu . 'Right. Sorry, Molly.' The cloud of  moke vani hed a  Mundungu   towed hi  pipe back in hi  pocket, but an acrid  mell of burning  ock  lingered. 'And if you want dinner before midnight I'll need a hand,' Mr . Wea ley  aid to the room at large. 'No, you can  tay where you are, Harry dear, you've had a long journey.' 'What can I do, Molly?'  aid Tonk  enthu ia tically, bounding forward . Mr . Wea ley he itated, looking apprehen ive. 'Er - no, it'  all right, Tonk , you have a re t too, you've done enough today.' 'No, no, I want to help!'  aid Tonk  brightly, knocking over a chair a   he hurried toward  the dre er, from which Ginny wa  collecting cutlery. Soon, a  erie  of heavy knive  were chopping meat and vegetable  of their own accord,  upervi ed by Mr Wea ley, while Mr . Wea ley  tirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the other  took out plate , more goblet  and food from the pantry. Harry wa  left at the table with Siriu  and Mundungu , who wa   till blinking at him mournfully. 'Seen old Figgy  ince?' he a ked. 'No,'  aid Harry, 'I haven't  een anyone.' 'See, I wouldn't 'ave left,'  aid Mundungu , leaning forward, a pleading note in hi  voice, 'but I 'ad a bu ine  opportunity -' Harry felt  omething bru h again t hi  knee  and  tarted, but it wa  only Crook hank , Hermione'  bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound him elf once around Harry'  leg , purring, then jumped on to Siriu '  lap and curled up. Siriu   cratched him ab ent-mindedly behind the ear  a  he turned,  till grim-faced, to Harry. 'Had a good  ummer  o far?' 'No, it'  been lou y,'  aid Harry. For the fir t time,  omething like a grin flitted acro  Siriu '  face. 'Don't know what you're complaining about, my elf.' 'What?'  aid Harry incredulou ly. 'Per onally, I'd have welcomed a Dementor attack. A deadly  truggle for my  oul would have broken the monotony nicely. You think you've had it bad, at lea t you've been able to get out and about,  tretch your leg , get into a few fight … I've been  tuck in ide for a month.' 'How come?' a ked Harry, frowning. 'Becau e the Mini try of Magic'   till after me, and Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagu  by now, Wormtail will have told him,  o my big di gui e i  u ele . There'  not much I can do for the Order of the Phoenix… or  o Dumbledore feel .' There wa   omething about the  lightly flattened tone of voice in which Siriu  uttered Dumbledore'  name that told Harry that Siriu , too, wa  not very happy with the Headma ter. Harry felt a  udden up urge of affection for hi  godfather. At lea t you've known what'  been going on,' he  aid bracingly. 'Oh yeah,'  aid Siriu   arca tically. 'Li tening to Snape'  report , having to take all hi   nide hint  that he'  out there ri king hi  life while I'm  at on my back ide here having a nice comfortable time… a king me how the cleaning  going -' 'What cleaning?' a ked Harry. Trying to make thi  place fit for human habitation,'  aid Siriu , waving a hand around the di mal kitchen. 'No one'  lived here for ten year , not  ince my dear mother died, unle  you count her old hou e-elf, and he'  gone round the twi t - ha n't cleaned anything in age .' 'Siriu ,'  aid Mundungu , who did not appear to have paid any attention to the conver ation, but had been clo ely examining an empty goblet. 'Thi   olid  ilver, mate?' 'Ye ,'  aid Siriu ,  urveying it with di ta te. 'Fine t fifteenth-century goblin-wrought  ilver, embo ed with the Black family cre t.' That'd come orf, though,' muttered Mundungu , poli hing it with hi  cuff. 'Fred - George - NO, JUST CARRY THEM!' Mr . Wea ley  hrieked. Harry, Siriu  and Mundungu  looked round and, within a  plit  econd, they had dived away from the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large cauldron of  tew, an iron flagon of Butterbeer and a heavy wooden breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through the air toward  them. The  tew  kidded the length of the table and came to a halt ju t before the end, leaving a long black burn on the wooden  urface; the flagon of Butterbeer fell with a cra h,  pilling it  content  everywhere; the bread knife  lipped off the board and landed, point down and quivering ominou ly, exactly where Siriu '  right hand had been  econd  before. 'FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!'  creamed Mr . Wea ley. THERE WAS NO NEED - I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS - JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW, YOU DON'T HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!' 'We were ju t trying to  ave a bit of time!'  aid Fred, hurrying forward to wrench the bread knife out of the table. 'Sorry, Siriu , mate - didn't mean to -' Harry and Siriu  were both laughing; Mundungu , who had toppled backward  off hi  chair, wa   wearing a  he got to hi  feet; Crook hank  had given an angry hi  and  hot off under the dre er, from where hi  large yellow eye  glowed in the darkne . 'Boy ,' Mr Wea ley  aid, lifting the  tew back into the middle of the table, 'your mother'  right, you're  uppo ed to  how a  en e of re pon ibility now you've come of age -' 'None of your brother  cau ed thi   ort of trouble!' Mr . Wea ley raged at the twin  a   he  lammed a fre h flagon of Butterbeer on to the table, and  pilling almo t a  much again. 'Bill didn't feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didn't charm everything he met! Percy -' She  topped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her hu band, who e expre ion wa   uddenly wooden. 'Let'  eat,'  aid Bill quickly. 'It look  wonderful, Molly,'  aid Lupin, ladling  tew on to a plate for her and handing it acro  the table. For a few minute  there wa   ilence but for the chink of plate  and cutlery and the  craping of chair  a  everyone  ettled down to their food. Then Mr . Wea ley turned to Siriu . 'I've been meaning to tell you, Siriu , there'   omething trapped in that writing de k in the drawing room, it keep  rattling and  haking. Of cour e, it could ju t be a Boggart, but I thought we ought to a k Ala tor to have a look at it before we let it out.' 'Whatever you like,'  aid Siriu  indifferently. 'The curtain  in there are full of Doxy , too,' Mr . Wea ley went on. 'I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.' 'I look forward to it,'  aid Siriu . Harry heard the  arca m in hi  voice, but he wa  not  ure that anyone el e did. Oppo ite Harry, Tonk  wa  entertaining Hermione and Ginny by tran forming her no e between mouthful . Screwing up her eye  each time with the  ame pained expre ion  he had worn back in Harry'  bedroom, her no e  welled to a beak-like protuberance that re embled Snape' ,  hrank to the  ize of a button mu hroom and then  prouted a great deal of hair from each no tril. Apparently thi  wa  a regular mealtime entertainment, becau e Hermione and Ginny were  oon reque ting their favourite no e . 'Do that one like a pig  nout, Tonk .' Tonk  obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting impre ion that a female Dudley wa  grinning at him from acro  the table. Mr Wea ley, Bill and Lupin were having an inten e di cu ion about goblin . They're not giving anything away yet,'  aid Bill. 'I  till can't work out whether or not they believe he'  back. Cour e, they might prefer not to take  ide  at all. Keep out of it.' 'I'm  ure they'd never go over to You-Know-Who,'  aid Mr Wea ley,  haking hi  head. They've  uffered lo e  too; remember that goblin family he murdered la t time,  omewhere near Nottingham?' 'I think it depend  what they're offered,'  aid Lupin. 'And I'm not talking about gold. If they're offered the freedom  we've been denying them for centurie  they're going to be tempted. Have you  till not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?' 'He'  feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,'  aid Bill, 'he ha n't  topped raging about the Bagman bu ine , he reckon  the Mini try did a cover-up, tho e goblin  never got their gold from him, you know -' A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the re t of Bill'  word . Fred, George, Ron and Mundungu  were rolling around in their  eat . '… and then,' choked Mundungu , tear  running down hi  face, 'and then, if you'll believe it, 'e  ay  to me, 'e  ay , “'Ere, Dung, where didja get all them toad  from? 'Co   ome  on of a Bludger'  gone and nicked all mine!” And I  ay , “Nicked all your toad , Will, what next? So you'll be wanting  ome more, then?” And if you'll believe me, lad , the gormle  gargoyle buy  all 'i  own toad  back orf me for a lot more'n what 'e paid in the fir t place -' '1 don't think we need to hear any more of your bu ine  dealing , thank you very much, Mundungu ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply, a  Ron  lumped forward  on to the table, howling with laughter. 'Beg pardon, Molly,'  aid Mundungu  at once, wiping hi  eye  and winking at Harry. 'But, you know, Will nicked 'em orf Warty Harri  in the fir t place  o I wa n't really doing nothing wrong.' 'I don't know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundungu , but you  eem to have mi ed a few crucial le on ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley coldly. Fred and George buried their face  in their goblet  of Butterbeer; George wa  hiccoughing. For  ome rea on, Mr . Wea ley threw a very na ty look at Siriu  before getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at hi  godfather. 'Molly doe n't approve of Mundungu ,'  aid Siriu  in an undertone. 'How come he'  in the Order?' Harry  aid, very quietly. 'He'  u eful,' Siriu  muttered. 'Know  all the crook  - well, he would,  eeing a  he'  one him elf. But he'  al o very loyal to Dumbledore, who helped him out of a tight  pot once. It pay  to have  omeone like Dung around, he hear  thing  we don't. But Molly think  inviting him to  tay for dinner i  going too far. She ha n't forgiven him for  lipping off duty when he wa   uppo ed to be tailing you.' Three helping  of rhubarb crumble and cu tard later and the wai tband on Harry  jean  wa  feeling uncomfortably tight (which wa   aying  omething a  the jean  had once been Dudley' ). A  he laid down hi   poon there wa  a lull in the general conver ation: Mr Wea ley wa  leaning back in hi  chair, looking replete and relaxed; Tonk  wa  yawning widely, her no e now back to normal; and Ginny who had lured Crook hank  out from under the dre er, wa   itting cro -legged on the floor, rolling Butterbeer cork  for him to cha e. 'Nearly time for bed, I think,'  aid Mr . Wea ley with a yawn. 'Not ju t yet, Molly'  aid Siriu , pu hing away hi  empty plate and turning to look at Harry. 'You know, I'm  urpri ed at you. I thought the fir t thing you'd do when you got here would be to  tart a king que tion  about Voldemort.' The atmo phere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry a ociated with the arrival of Dementor . Where  econd  before it had been  leepily relaxed, it wa  now alert, even ten e. A fri on had gone around the table at the mention of Voldemort'  name. Lupin, who had been about to take a  ip of wine, lowered hi  goblet  lowly, looking wary. 'I did!'  aid Harry indignantly. 'I a ked Ron and Hermione but they  aid we're not allowed in the Order,  o -' 'And they're quite right,'  aid Mr . Wea ley. 'You're too young.' She wa   itting bolt upright in her chair, her fi t  clenched on it  arm , every trace of drow ine  gone. 'Since when did  omeone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to a k que tion ?' a ked Siriu . 'Harry'  been trapped in that Muggle hou e for a month. He'  got the right to know what'  been happen—' 'Hang on!' interrupted George loudly. 'How come Harry get  hi  que tion  an wered?'  aid Fred angrily. 'We've been trying to get  tuff out of you for a month and you haven't told u  a  ingle  tinking thing!'  aid George. '“You're too young, you're not in the Order,'”  aid Fred, in a high-pitched voice that  ounded uncannily like hi  mother' . 'Harry'  not even of age!' 'It'  not my fault you haven't been told what the Order'  doing,'  aid Siriu  calmly, 'that'  your parent ' deci ion. Harry, on the other hand -' 'It'  not down to you to decide what'  good for Harry!'  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply. The expre ion on her normally kind face looked dangerou . 'You haven't forgotten what Dumbledore  aid, I  uppo e?' 'Which bit?' Siriu  a ked politely, but with the air of a man readying him elf for a fight. The bit about not telling Harry more than he need  to know,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, placing a heavy empha i  on the la t three word . Ron, Hermione, Fred and George'  head   wivelled from Siriu  to Mr . Wea ley a  though they were following a tenni  rally. Ginny wa  kneeling amid a pile of abandoned Butterbeer cork , watching the conver ation with her mouth  lightly open. Lupin'  eye  were fixed on Siriu . 'I don't intend to tell him more than he need  to know, Molly,'  aid Siriu . 'But a  he wa  the one who  aw Voldemort come back' (again, there wa  a collective  hudder around the table at the name) 'he ha  more right than mo t to -' 'He'  not a member of the Order of the Phoenix!'  aid Mr . Wea ley. 'He'  only fifteen and -' 'And he'  dealt with a  much a  mo t in the Order,'  aid Siriu , 'and more than  ome.' 'No one'  denying what he'  done!'  aid Mr . Wea ley, her voice ri ing, her fi t  trembling on the arm  of her chair. 'But he'   till -' 'He'  not a child!'  aid Siriu  impatiently. 'He'  not an adult either!'  aid Mr . Wea ley, the colour ri ing in her cheek . 'He'  not Jame , Siriu !' 'I'm perfectly clear who he i , thank , Molly,'  aid Siriu  coldly. 'I'm not  ure you are!'  aid Mr . Wea ley. 'Sometime , the way you talk about him, it'  a  though you think you've got your be t friend back!' 'What'  wrong with that?'  aid Harry. 'What'  wrong, Harry, i  that you are not your father, however much you might look like him!'  aid Mr . Wea ley, her eye   till boring into Siriu . 'You are  till at  chool and adult  re pon ible for you  hould not forget it!' 'Meaning I'm an irre pon ible godfather?' demanded Siriu , hi  voice ri ing. 'Meaning you have been known to act ra hly, Siriu , which i  why Dumbledore keep  reminding you to  tay at home and -' 'We'll leave my in truction  from Dumbledore out of thi , if you plea e!'  aid Siriu  loudly. 'Arthur!'  aid Mr . Wea ley, rounding on her hu band. 'Arthur, back me up!' Mr Wea ley did not  peak at once. He took off hi  gla e  and cleaned them  lowly on hi  robe , not looking at hi  wife. Only when he had replaced them carefully on hi  no e did he reply. 'Dumbledore know  the po ition ha  changed, Molly. He accept  that Harry will have to be filled in, to a certain extent, now that he i   taying at Headquarter .' 'Ye , but there'  a difference between that and inviting him to a k whatever he like !' 'Per onally,'  aid Lupin quietly, looking away from Siriu  at la t, a  Mr . Wea ley turned quickly to him, hopeful that finally  he wa  about to get an ally, 'I think it better that Harry get  the fact  -not all the fact , Molly, but the general picture - from u , rather than a garbled ver ion from… other .' Hi  expre ion wa  mild, but Harry felt  ure Lupin, at lea t, knew that  ome Extendable Ear  had  urvived Mr . Wea ley'  purge. 'Well,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, breathing deeply and looking around the table for  upport that did not come, 'well… I can  ee I'm going to be overruled. I'll ju t  ay thi : Dumbledore mu t have had hi  rea on  for not wanting Harry to know too much, and  peaking a   omeone who ha  Harry'  be t intere t  at heart -' 'He'  not your  on,'  aid Siriu  quietly. 'He'  a  good a ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley fiercely. 'Who el e ha  he got?' 'He'  got me!' 'Ye ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, her lip curling, 'the thing i , it'  been rather difficult for you to look after him while you've been locked UP in Azkaban, ha n't it?' Siriu   tarted to ri e from hi  chair. 'Molly, you're not the only per on at thi  table who care  about Harry,'  aid Lupin  harply. 'Siriu ,  it down.' Mr . Wea ley'  lower lip wa  trembling. Siriu   ank  lowly back into hi  chair, hi  face white. 'I think Harry ought to be allowed a  ay in thi ,' Lupin continued, 'he'  old enough to decide for him elf.' 'I want to know what'  been going on,' Harry  aid at once. He did not look at Mr . Wea ley. He had been touched by what  he had  aid about hi  being a  good a  a  on, but he wa  al o impatient with her mollycoddling. Siriu  wa  right, he wa  not a child. 'Very well,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, her voice cracking. 'Ginny - Ron - Hermione - Fred - George - I want you out of thi  kitchen, now.' There wa  in tant uproar. 'We're of age!' Fred and George bellowed together. 'If Harry'  allowed, why can't I?'  houted Ron. 'Mum, I want to hear!' wailed Ginny. 'NO!'  houted Mr . Wea ley,  tanding up, her eye  overbright. 'I ab olutely forbid -' 'Molly, you can't  top Fred and George,'  aid Mr Wea ley wearily. They are of age.' They're  till at  chool.' 'But they're legally adult  now,'  aid Mr Wea ley, in the  ame tired voice. Mr . Wea ley wa  now  carlet in the face. 'I - oh, all right then, Fred and George can  tay, but Ron -' 'Harry'll tell me and Hermione everything you  ay anyway!'  aid Ron hotly. 'Won't - won't you?' he added uncertainly, meeting Harry'  eye . For a  plit  econd, Harry con idered telling Ron that he wouldn't tell him a  ingle word, that he could try a ta te of being kept in the dark and  ee how he liked it. But the na ty impul e vani hed a  they looked at each other. 'Cour e I will,' Harry  aid. Ron and Hermione beamed. 'Fine!'  houted Mr . Wea ley. 'Fine! Ginny - BED!' Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging and  torming at her mother all the way up the  tair , and when  he reached the hall Mr . Black  ear- plitting  hriek  were added to the din. Lupin hurried off to the portrait to re tore calm. It wa  only after he had returned, clo ing the kitchen door behind him and taking hi   eat at the table again, that Siriu   poke. 'OK, Harry… what do you want to know?' Harry took a deep breath and a ked the que tion that had ob e ed him for the la t month. 'Where'  Voldemort?' he  aid, ignoring the renewed  hudder  and wince  at the name. 'What'  he doing? I've been trying to watch the Muggle new , and there ha n't been anything that look  like him yet, no funny death  or anything.' That'  becau e there haven't been any funny death  yet,'  aid Siriu , 'not a  far a  we know, anyway… and we know quite a lot.' 'More than he think  we do, anyway,'  aid Lupin. 'How come he'   topped killing people?' Harry a ked. He knew Voldemort had murdered more than once in the la t year alone. 'Becau e he doe n't want to draw attention to him elf,'  aid Siriu . 'It would be dangerou  for him. Hi  comeback didn't come off quite the way he wanted it to, you  ee. He me ed it up.' 'Or rather, you me ed it tip for him,'  aid Lupin, with a  ati fied  mile. 'How?' Harry a ked, perplexed. 'You weren't  uppo ed to  urvive!'  aid Siriu . 'Nobody apart from hi  Death Eater  wa   uppo ed to know he'd come back. But you  urvived to bear witne .' 'And the very la t per on he wanted alerted to hi  return the moment he got back wa  Dumbledore,'  aid Lupin. 'And you made  ure Dumbledore knew at once.' 'How ha  that helped?' Harry a ked. 'Are you kidding?'  aid Bill incredulou ly. 'Dumbledore wa  the only one You-Know-Who wa  ever  cared of!' Thank  to you, Dumbledore wa  able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned,'  aid Siriu . 'So, what'  the Order been doing?'  aid Harry, looking around at them all. 'Working a  hard a  we can to make  ure Voldemort can't carry out hi  plan ,'  aid Siriu . 'How d'you know what hi  plan  are?' Harry a ked quickly. 'Dumbledore'  got a  hrewd idea,'  aid Lupin, 'and Dumbledore'   hrewd idea  normally turn out to be accurate.' 'So what doe  Dumbledore reckon he'  planning?' 'Well, fir tly, he want  to build up hi  army again,'  aid Siriu . 'In the old day  he had huge number  at hi  command: witche  and wizard  he'd bullied or bewitched into following him, hi  faithful Death Eater , a great variety of Dark creature . You heard him planning to recruit the giant ; well, they'll be ju t one of the group  he'  after. He'  certainly not going to try and take on the Mini try of Magic with only a dozen Death Eater .' 'So you're trying to  top him getting more follower ?' 'We're doing our be t,'  aid Lupin. 'How?' 'Well, the main thing i  to try and convince a  many people a  po ible that You-Know-Who really ha  returned, to put them on their guard,'  aid Bill. 'It'  proving tricky, though.' 'Why?' 'Becau e of the Mini try'  attitude,'  aid Tonk . 'You  aw Corneliu  Fudge after You-Know-Who came back, Harry. Well, he ha n't  hifted hi  po ition at all. He'  ab olutely refu ing to believe it'  happened.' 'But why?'  aid Harry de perately. Why'  he being  o  tupid? If Dumbledore -' 'Ah, well, you've put your finger on the problem,'  aid Mr Wea ley with a wry  mile. 'Dumbledore.' 'Fudge i  frightened of him, you  ee,'  aid Tonk   adly. 'Frightened of Dumbledore?'  aid Harry incredulou ly. 'Frightened of what he'  up to,'  aid Mr Wea ley. 'Fudge think  Dumbledore'  plotting to overthrow him. He think  Dumbledore want  to be Mini ter for Magic.' 'But Dumbledore doe n't want -' 'Of cour e he doe n't,'  aid Mr Wea ley. 'He'  never wanted the Mini ter'  job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power in tead, but - he'  never quite forgotten how much popular  upport Dumbledore had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the job.' 'Deep down, Fudge know  Dumbledore'  much cleverer than he i  a much more powerful wizard, and in the early day  of hi  Mini try he wa  forever a king Dumbledore for help and advice,'  aid Lupin. 'But it  eem  he'  become fond of power, and much more confident. He love  being Mini ter for Magic and he'  managed to convince him elf that he'  the clever one and Dumbledore'   imply  tirring up trouble for the  ake of it.' 'How can he think that?'  aid Harry angrily. 'How can he think Dumbledore would ju t make it all up - that I'd make it all up?' 'Becau e accepting that Voldemort'  back would mean trouble like the Mini try ha n't had to cope with for nearly fourteen year ,'  aid Siriu  bitterly. 'Fudge ju t can't bring him elf to face it. It'   o much more comfortable to convince him elf Dumbledore'  lying to de tabili e him.' 'You  ee the problem,'  aid Lupin. 'While the Mini try in i t  there i  nothing to fear from Voldemort it'  hard to convince people he'  back, e pecially a  they really don't want to believe it in the fir t place. What'  more, the Mini try'  leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they're calling Dumbledore'  rumour-mongering,  o mo t of the wizarding community are completely unaware any thing  happened, and that make  them ea y target  for the Death Eater  if they're u ing the Imperiu  Cur e.' 'But you're telling people, aren't you?'  aid Harry, looking around at Mr Wea ley, Siriu , Bill, Mundungu , Lupin and Tonk . 'You're letting people know he'  back?' They all  miled humourle ly. 'Well, a  everyone think  I'm a mad ma -murderer and the Mini try'  put a ten thou and Galleon price on my head, I can hardly  troll up the  treet and  tart handing out leaflet , can I?'  aid Siriu  re tle ly. 'And I'm not a very popular dinner gue t with mo t of the community,'  aid Lupin. 'It'  an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.' 'Tonk  and Arthur would lo e their job  at the Mini try if they  tarted  hooting their mouth  off,'  aid Siriu , 'and it'  very important for u  to have  pie  in ide the Mini try, becau e you can bet Voldemort will have them.' 'We've managed to convince a couple of people, though,'  aid Mr Wea ley. Tonk  here, for one -  he'  too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix la t time, and having Auror  on our  ide i  a huge advantage - King ley Shacklebolt'  been a real a et, too; he'  in charge of the hunt for Siriu ,  o he'  been feeding the Mini try information that Siriu  i  in Tibet.' 'But if none of you are putting the new  out that Voldemort  back -' Harry began. 'Who  aid none of u  are putting the new  out?'  aid Siriu . Why d'you think Dumbledore'  in  uch trouble?' 'What d'you mean?' Harry a ked. They're trying to di credit him,'  aid Lupin. 'Didn't you  ee the Daily Prophet la t week? They reported that he'd been voted out of the Chairman hip of the International Confederation of Wizard  becau e he'  getting old and lo ing hi  grip, but it'  not true; he wa  voted out by Mini try wizard  after he made a  peech announcing Voldemort  return. They've demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot - that'  the Wizard High Court - and they're talking about taking away hi  Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , too.' 'But Dumbledore  ay  he doe n't care what they do a  long a  they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog Card ,'  aid Bill, grinning. 'It'  no laughing matter,'  aid Mr Wea ley  harply. 'If he carrie  on defying the Mini try like thi  he could end up in Azkaban, and the la t thing we want i  to have Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who know  Dumbledore'  out there and wi e to what he'  up to he'  going to go cautiou ly. If Dumbledore'  out ol the way - well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field.' 'But if Voldemort'  trying to recruit more Death Eater  it'  bound to get out that he'  come back, i n't it?' a ked Harry de perately. 'Voldemort doe n't march up to people'  hou e  and bang on their front door , Harry,'  aid Siriu . 'He trick , jinxe  and blackmail  them. He'  well-practi ed at operating in  ecret. In any ca e, gathering follower  i  only one thing he'  intere ted in. He'  got other plan  too, plan  he can put into operation very quietly indeed, and he'  concentrating on tho e for the moment.' 'What'  he after apart from follower ?' Harry a ked  wiftly. He thought he  aw Siriu  and Lupin exchange the mo t fleeting of look  before Siriu  an wered. 'Stuff he can only get by  tealth.' When Harry continued to look puzzled, Siriu   aid, 'Like a weapon. Something he didn't have la t time.' 'When he wa  powerful before?' 'Ye .' 'Like what kind of weapon?'  aid Harry. 'Something wor e than the Avada Kedavra -?' 'That'  enough!' Mr . Wea ley  poke from the  hadow  be ide the door. Harry hadn't noticed her return from taking Ginny up tair . Her arm  were cro ed and  he looked furiou . 'I want you in bed, now. All of you,'  he added, looking around at Fred, George, Ron and Hermione. 'You can't bo  u  -' Fred began. 'Watch me,'  narled Mr . Wea ley. She wa  trembling  lightly a   he looked at Siriu . 'You've given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might ju t a  well induct him into the Order  traightaway.' 'Why not?'  aid Harry quickly. Til join, I want to join, I want to fight.' 'No.' It wa  not Mr . Wea ley who  poke thi  time, but Lupin. The Order i  compri ed only of overage wizard ,' he  aid. 'Wizard  who have left  chool,' he added, a  Fred and Georg^ opened their mouth . There are danger  involved of which you can have no idea, any of you… I think Molly'  right, Siriu . We've  aid enough.' Siriu  half- hrugged but did not argue. Mr . Wea ley beckoned imperiou ly to her  on  and Hermione. One by one they  tood up and Harry, recogni ing defeat, followed  uit. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 6 - The Noble and Mo t Ancient Hou e of Black Mr . Wea ley followed them up tair  looking grim. 'I want you all to go  traight to bed, no talking,'  he  aid a  they reached the fir t landing, 'we've got a bu y day tomorrow. I expect Ginny'  a leep,'  he added to Hermione, ' o try not to wake her up.' 'A leep, yeah, right,'  aid Fred in an undertone, after Hermione bade them goodnight and they were climbing to the next floor. 'If Ginny'  not lying awake waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they  aid down tair  then I'm a Flobberworm…' 'All right, Ron, Harry,'  aid Mr . Wea ley on the  econd landing, pointing them into their bedroom. 'Off to bed with you.' 'Night,' Harry and Ron  aid to the twin . 'Sleep tight,'  aid Fred, winking. Mr . Wea ley clo ed the door behind Harry with a  harp  nap. The bedroom looked, if anything, even danker and gloomier than it had on fir t  ight. The blank picture on the wall wa  now breathing very  lowly and deeply, a  though it  invi ible occupant wa  a leep. Harry put on hi  pyjama , took off hi  gla e  and climbed into hi  chilly bed while Ron threw Owl Treat  up on top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were clattering around and ru tling their wing  re tle ly. 'We can't let them out to hunt every night,' Ron explained a  he pulled on hi  maroon pyjama . 'Dumbledore doe n't want too many owl   wooping around the  quare, think  it'll look  u piciou . Oh yeah… I forgot…' He cro ed to the door and bolted it. 'What're you doing that for?' 'Kreacher,'  aid Ron a  he turned off the light. 'Fir t night I wa  here he came wandering in at three in the morning. Tru t me, you don't want to wake up and find him prowling around your room. Anyway…' he got into hi  bed,  ettled down under the cover  then turned to look at Harry in the darkne ; Harry could  ee hi  outline by the moonlight filtering in through the grimy window, 'what d'you reckon?' Harry didn't need to a k what Ron meant. 'Well, they didn't tell u  much we couldn't have gue ed, did they?' he  aid, thinking of all that had been  aid down tair . 'I mean, all they've really  aid i  that the Order'  trying to  top people joining Vol—' There wa  a  harp intake of breath from Ron. '—demort,'  aid Harry firmly. 'When are you going to  tart u ing hi  name? Siriu  and Lupin do.' Ron ignored thi  la t comment. 'Yeah, you're right,' he  aid, 'we already knew nearly everything they told u , from u ing the Extendable Ear . The only new bit wa  -' Crack. 'OUCH!' 'Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mum'll be back up here.' 'You two ju t Apparated on my knee !' 'Yeah, well, it'  harder in the dark.' Harry  aw the blurred outline  of Fred and George leaping down from Ron'  bed. There wa  a groan of bed pring  and Harry'  mattre  de cended a few inche  a  George  at down near hi  feet. 'So, got there yet?'  aid George eagerly. The weapon Siriu  mentioned?'  aid Harry. 'Let  lip, more like,'  aid Fred with reli h, now  itting next to Ron. 'We didn't hear about that on the old Extendable , did we?' 'What d'you reckon it i ?'  aid Harry. 'Could be anything,'  aid Fred. 'But there can't be anything wor e than the Avada Kedavra Cur e, can there?'  aid Ron. What'  wor e than death?' 'Maybe it'   omething that can kill load  of people at once,'  ugge ted George. 'Maybe it'   ome particularly painful way of killing people,'  aid Ron fearfully. 'He'  got the Cruciatu  Cur e for cau ing pain,'  aid Harry, 'he doe n't need anything more efficient than that.' There wa  a pau e and Harry knew that the other , like him, were wondering what horror  thi  weapon could perpetrate. 'So who d'you think'  got it now?' a ked George. 'I hope it'  our  ide,'  aid Ron,  ounding  lightly nervou . 'If it i , Dumbledore'  probably keeping it,'  aid Fred. *! 'Where?'  aid Ron quickly. 'Hogwart ?' •' 'Bet it i !'  aid George. That'  where he hid the Philo opher'  Stone.' 'A weapon  going to be a lot bigger than the Stone, though!'  aid Ron. 'Not nece arily'  aid Fred. 'Yeah,  ize i  no guarantee of power,'  aid George. 'Look at Ginny.' 'What d'you mean?'  aid Harry. 'You've never been on the receiving end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexe , have you?' 'Shhh!'  aid Fred, half-ri ing irom the bed. 'Li ten!' They fell  ilent. Foot tep  were coming up the  tair . 'Mum,'  aid George and without further ado there wa  a loud crack and Harry felt the weight vani h from the end of hi  bed. A few  econd  later, they heard the floorboard creak out ide their door; Mr . Wea ley wa  plainly li tening to check whether or not they were talking. Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. The floorboard creaked again and they heard her heading up tair  to check on Fred and George. 'She doe n't tru t u  at all, you know,'  aid Ron regretfully. Harry wa   ure he would not be able to fall a leep; the evening had been  o packed with thing  to think about that he fully expected to lie awake for hour  mulling it all over. He wanted to continue talking to Ron, but Mr . Wea ley wa  now creaking back down tair  again, and once  he had gone he di tinctly heard other  making their way up tair … in fact, many-legged creature  were cantering  oftly up and down out ide the bedroom door, and Hagrid the Care of Magical Creature  teacher wa   aying, 'Beautie , arm they, eh, Harry? We'll be  tudyin' weapon  thi  term …" and Harry  aw that the creature  had cannon  for head  and were wheeling to face him… he ducked… The next thing he knew, he wa  curled into a warm ball under hi  bedclothe  and George  loud voice wa  filling the room. 'Mum  ay  get up, your breakfa t i  in the kitchen and then  he need  you in the drawing room, there are load  more Doxy  than  he thought and  he'  found a ne t of dead Puff kein  under the  ofa.' Half an hour later Harry and Ron, who had dre ed and breakfa ted quickly, entered the drawing room, a long, high-ceilinged room on the fir t floor with olive green wall  covered in dirty tape trie . The carpet exhaled little cloud  of du t every time  omeone put their foot on it and the long, mo  green velvet curtain  were buzzing a  though  warming with invi ible bee . It wa  around the e that Mr . Wea ley, Hermione, Ginny, Fred and George were grouped, all looking rather peculiar a  they had each tied a cloth over their no e and mouth. Each of them wa  al o holding a large bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at the end. 'Cover your face  and take a  pray,' Mr . Wea ley  aid to Harry and Ron the moment  he  aw them, pointing to two more bottle  of black liquid  tanding on a  pindle-legged table. 'It'  Doxycide. I've never  een an infe tation thi  bad - what that hou e-elf'  been doing for the la t ten year  -' Hermione'  face wa  half concealed by a tea towel but Harry di tinctly  aw her throw a reproachful look at Mr . Wea ley. 'Kreacher'  really old, he probably couldn't manage -' 'You'd be  urpri ed what Kreacher can manage when he want  to, Hermione,'  aid Siriu , who had ju t entered the room carrying a blood tained bag of what appeared to be dead rat . 'I've ju t been feeding Buckbeak,' he added, in reply to Harry  enquiring look. 'I keep him up tair  in my mother  bedroom. Anyway… thi  writing de k…' He dropped the bag of ral  into an armchair, then bent over Jo examine the locked cabinet which, Harry now noticed for the fül t time, wa   haking  lightly. 'Well, Molly, I'm pretty  ure thi  i  a Boggart,'  aid Siriu , peering through the keyhole, 'but perhap  we ought to let Mad-Eye have a  hifty at it before we let it out - knowing my mother, it could be  omething much wor e.' 'Right you are, Siriu ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley. They were both  peaking in carefully light, polite voice  that told Harry quite plainly that neither had forgotten their di agreement of the night before. A loud, clanging bell  ounded from down tair , followed at once by the cacophony of  cream  and wail  that had been triggered the previou  night by Tonk  knocking over the umbrella  tand. 'I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell!'  aid Siriu  exa -peratedly, hurrying out of the room. They heard him thundering down the  tair  a  Mr . Black'   creeche  echoed up through the hou e once more: 'Stain , of di honour, filthy half-breed , blood traitor , children of filth 'Clo e the door, plea e, Harry,'  aid Mr . Wea ley. Harry took a  much time a  he dared to clo e the drawing-room door; he wanted to li ten to what wa  going on down tair . Siriu  had obviou ly managed to  hut the curtain  over hi  mother'  portrait becau e  he had  topped  creaming. He heard Siriu  walking down the hall, then the clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice he recogni ed a  King ley Shacklebolt'   aying, 'He tia'  ju t relieved me,  o  he'  got Moody'  Cloak now, thought I'd leave a report for Dumbledore…' Feeling Mr . Wea ley'  eye  on the back of hi  head, Harry regretfully clo ed the drawing-room door and rejoined the Doxy party. Mr . Wea ley wa  bending over to check the page on Doxy  in Gilderoy Lockhart'  Guide to Hou ehold Pe t , which wa  lying open on the  ofa. 'Right, you lot, you need to be careful, becau e Doxy  bite and their teeth are poi onou . I've got a bottle of antidote here, but I'd rather nobody needed it.' She  traightened up, po itioned her elf  quarely in front of the curtain  and beckoned them all forward. 'When I  ay the word,  tart  praying immediately,'  he  aid. They'll come Hying out at u , I expect, but it  ay  on the  pray  one good  quirt will paraly e them. When they're immobili ed, ju t throw them in thi  bucket.' She  tepped carefully out of their line of fire, and rai ed her own  pray. 'All right -  quirt!' Harry had been  praying only a few  econd  when a fully-grown Doxy came  oaring out of a fold in the material,  hiny beetle-like wing  whirring, tiny needle- harp teeth bared, it  fairy-like body covered with thick black hair and it  four tiny li t  clenched with fury. Harry caught it full in the face with a bla t of Doxycide. It froze in midair and fell, with a  urpri ingly loud thunk, on to the worn carpet below. Harry picked it up and threw it in the bucket. 'Fred, what are you doing?'  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply. 'Spray that at once and throw it away!' Harry looked round. Fred wa  holding a  truggling Doxy between hi  forefinger and thumb. 'Right-o,' Fred  aid brightly,  praying the Doxy quickly in the face  o that it fainted, but the moment Mr . Wea ley'  back wa  turned he pocketed it with a wink. 'We want to experiment with Doxy venom for our Skiving Snackboxe ,' George told Harry under hi  breath. Deftly  praying two Doxy  at once a  they  oared  traight for hi  no e, Harry moved clo er to George and muttered out of the corner of hi  mouth, 'What are Skiving Snackboxe ?' 'Range of  weet  to make you ill,' George whi pered, keeping a wary eye on Mr . Wea ley'  back. 'Not  eriou ly ill, mind, ju t ill enough to get you out of a cla  when you feel like it. Fred and I have been developing them thi   ummer. They're double-ended, colour-coded chew . If you eat the orange half of the Puking Pa tille , you throw up. Moment you've been ru hed out of the le on for the ho pital wing, you  wallow the purple half -' ''- which re tore  you to full fitne , enabling you to pur ue the lei ure activity of your own choice during an hour that would otherwi e have been devoted to unprofitable boredom." That'  what we're putting in the advert , anyway,' whi pered Fred, who had edged over out of Mr . Wea ley'  line of vi ion and wa  now  weeping a few  tray Doxy  from the floor and adding them to hi  pocket. 'But they  till need a bit of work. At the moment our te ter  are having a bit of trouble  topping them elve  puking long enough to  wallow the purple end.' Te ter ?' 'U ,'  aid Fred. 'We take it in turn . George did the Fainting Fancie  - we both tried the No ebleed Nougat -' 'Mum thought we'd been duelling,'  aid George. 'Joke  hop  till on, then?' Harry muttered, pretending to be adju ting the nozzle on hi   pray. 'Well, we haven't had a chance to get premi e  yet,'  aid Fred, dropping hi  voice even lower a  Mr . Wea ley mopped her brow with her  carf before returning to the attack, ' o we're running it a  a mail-order  ervice at the moment. We put adverti ement  in the Daily Prophet la t week.' 'All thank  to you, mate,'  aid George. 'But don't worry… Mum ha n't got a clue. She won't read the Daily Prophet any more, 'cau e of it telling lie  about you and Dumbledore.' Harry grinned. He had forced the Wea ley twin  to take the thou and Galleon  prize money he had won in the Triwizard Tournament to help them reali e their ambition to open a joke  hop, but he wa   till glad to know that hi  part in furthering their plan  wa  unknown to Mr . Wea ley. She did not think running a joke  hop wa  a  uitable career for two of her  on . The de-Doxying of the curtain  took mo t of the morning. It wa  pa t midday when Mr . Wea ley finally removed her protective  carf,  ank into a  agging armchair and  prang up again with a cry of di gu t, having  at on the bag of dead rat . The curtain  were no longer buzzing; they hung limp and damp from the inten ive  praying. At the foot of them uncon ciou  Doxy  lay crammed in the bucket be ide a bowl of their black egg , at which Crook- hank  wa  now  niffing and Fred and George were  hooting covetou  look . 'I think we'll tackle tho e after lunch.' Mr . Wea ley pointed at the du ty gla -fronted cabinet   tanding on either  ide of the mantelpiece. They were crammed with an odd a ortment of object : a  election of ru ty dagger , claw , a coiled  nake kin, a number of tarni hed  ilver boxe  in cribed with language  Harry could not under tand and, lea t plea ant of all, an ornate cry tal bottle with a large opal  et into the  topper, full of what Harry wa  quite  ure wa  blood. The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at Mr . Wea ley. 'Stay here,'  he  aid firmly,  natching up the bag of rat  a  Mr . Black'   creeche   tarted up again from down below. I'll bring up  ome  andwiche .' She left the room, clo ing the door carefully behind her. At once, everyone da hed over to the window to look down on the door tep. They could  ee the top of an unkempt gingery head and a  tack of precariou ly balanced cauldron . 'Mundungu !'  aid Hermione. 'What'  he brought all tho e cauldron  for?' 'Probably looking for a  ale place to keep them,'  aid Harry. 'I n't that what he wa  doing the night he wa   uppo ed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldron ?' 'Yeah, you're right!'  aid Fred, a  the front door opened; Mundungu  heaved hi  cauldron  through it and di appeared from view. 'Blimey, Mum won't like that…' He and George cro ed to the door and  tood be ide it, li tening clo ely. Mr . Black'   creaming had  topped. 'Mundungu  i  talking to Siriu  and King ley,' Fred muttered, frowning with concentration. 'Can't hear properly… d'you reckon we can ri k the Extendable Ear ?' 'Might be worth it,'  aid George. 'I could  neak up tair  and get a pair -' But at that preci e moment there wa  an explo ion of  ound from down tair  that rendered Extendable Ear  quite unnece ary. All of them could hear exactly what Mr . Wea ley wa   houting at the top of her voice. WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!' I love hearing Mum  houting at  omeone el e,'  aid Fred, with a  ati fied  mile on hi  face a  he opened the door an inch or  o to allow Mr . Wea ley'  voice to permeate the room better, 'it make   uch a nice change.' '- COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVEN'T GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE -' The idiot  are letting her get into her  tride,'  aid George,  haking hi  head. 'You've got to head her off early otherwi e  he build  up a head of  team and goe  on for hour . And  he'  been dying to have a go at Mundungu  ever  ince he  neaked off when he wa   uppo ed to be following you, Harry - and there goe  Siriu '  mum again.' Mr . Wea ley'  voice wa  lo t amid fre h  hriek  and  cream  from the portrait  in the hall. George made to  hut the door to drown the noi e, but before he could do  o, a hou e-elf edged into the room. Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around it  middle, it wa  completely naked. It looked very old. It   kin  eemed to be  everal time  too big for it and, though it wa  bald like all hou e-elve , there wa  a quantity of white hair growing out of it  large, batlike ear . It  eye  were a blood hot and watery grey and it  fle hy no e wa  large and rather  noutlike. The elf took ab olutely no notice of Harry and the re t. Acting a  though it could not  ee them, it  huffled hunchbacked,  lowly and doggedly, toward  the far end of the room, all the while muttering under it  breath in a hoar e, deep voice like a bullfrog . '…  mell  like a drain and a criminal to boot, but  he'  no better, na ty old blood traitor with her brat  me ing up my mi tre '  hou e, oh, my poor mi tre , if  he knew, if  he knew the  cum they've let into her hou e, what would  he  ay to old Kreacher, oh, the  hame of it, Mudblood  and werewolve  and traitor  and thieve , poor old Kreacher, what can he do…' 'Hello, Kreacher,'  aid Fred very loudly, clo ing the door with a  nap. The hou e-elf froze in hi  track ,  topped muttering, and gave a very pronounced and very unconvincing  tart of  urpri e. 'Kreacher did not  ee young ma ter,' he  aid, turning around and bowing to Fred. Still facing the carpet, he added, perfectly audibly, 'Na ty little brat of a blood traitor it i .' 'Sorry?'  aid George. 'Didn't catch that la t bit.' 'Kreacher  aid nothing,'  aid the elf, with a  econd bow to George, adding in a clear undertone, 'and there'  it  twin, unnatural little bea t  they are.' Harry didn't know whether to laugh or not. The elf  traightened up, eyeing them all malevolently, and apparently convinced that they could not hear him a  he continued to mutter. '… and there'  the Mudblood,  tanding there bold a  bra , oh, if my mi tre  knew, oh, how  he'd cry, and there'  a new boy, Kreacher doe n't know hi  name. What i  he doing here? Kreacher doe n't know…" Thi  i  Harry, Kreacher,'  aid Herrmone tentatively. 'Harry Potter.' Kreacher'  pale eye  widened and he muttered fa ter and more furiou ly than ever. The Mudblood i  talking to Kreacher a  though  he i  my friend, if Kreacher'  mi tre   aw him in  uch company, oh, what would  he  ay -' 'Don't call her a Mudblood!'  aid Ron and Ginny together, very angrily. 'It doe n't matter,' Hermione whi pered, 'he'  not in hi  right mind, he doe n't know what he'  -' 'Don't kid your elf, Hermione, he know  exactly what he'   aying,'  aid Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great di like. Kreacher wa   till muttering, hi  eye  on Harry. 'I  it true? I  it Harry Potter? Kreacher can  ee the  car, it mu t be true, that'  the boy who  topped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonder  how he did it -' 'Don't we all, Kreacher,'  aid Fred. 'What do you want, anyway?' George a ked. Kreacher'  huge eye  darted toward  George. 'Kreacher i  cleaning,' he  aid eva ively. 'A likely  tory,'  aid a voice behind Harry. Siriu  had come back; he wa  glowering at the elf from the doorway. The noi e in the hall had abated; perhap  Mr . Wea ley and Mundungu  had moved their argument down into the kitchen. At the  ight of Siriu , Kreacher flung him elf into a ridiculou ly low bow that flattened hi   noutltke no e on the floor. 'Stand up  traight,'  aid Siriu  impatiently. 'Now, what are you up to?' 'Kreacher i  cleaning,' the elf repeated. 'Kreacher live  to  erve the Noble Hou e of Black -' 'And it'  getting blacker every day, it'  filthy,'  aid Siriu . 'Ma ter alway  liked hi  little joke,'  aid Kreacher, bowing again, and continuing in an undertone, 'Ma ter wa  a na ty ungrateful  wine who broke hi  mother'  heart -' 'My mother didn't have a heart, Kreacher,'  napped Siriu . 'She kept her elf alive out of pure  pite.' Kreacher bowed again a  he  poke. 'Whatever Ma ter  ay ,' he muttered furiou ly. 'Ma ter i  not fit to wipe  lime from hi  mother'  boot , oh, my poor mi tre , what would  he  ay if  he  aw Kreacher  erving him, how  he hated him, what a di appointment he wa  -' '1 a ked you what you were up to,'  aid Siriu  coldly. 'Every time you  how up pretending to be cleaning, you  neak  omething off to your room  o we can't throw it out.' 'Kreacher would never move anything from it  proper place in Ma ter'  hou e,'  aid the elf, then muttered very fa t, 'Mi tre  would never forgive Kreacher if the tape try wa  thrown out,  even centurie  it'  been in the family, Kreacher mu t  ave it, Kreacher will not let Ma ter and the blood traitor  and the brat  de troy it -' 'I thought it might be that,'  aid Siriu , ca ting a di dainful look at the oppo ite wall. 'She'll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, I don't doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher.' It  eemed that Kreacher did not dare di obey a direct order; neverthele , the look he gave Siriu  a  he  huffled out pa t him wa  full of deepe t loathing and he muttered all the way out of the room. '- come  back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh, my poor mi tre , what would  he  ay if  he  aw the hou e now,  cum living in it, her trea ure  thrown out,  he  wore he wa  no  on of her  and he'  back, they  ay he'  a murderer too -' 'Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!'  aid Siriu  irritably a  he  lammed the door  hut on the elf. 'Siriu , he'  not right in the head,' Hermione pleaded, '1 don't think he reali e  we can hear him.' 'He'  been alone too long,'  aid Siriu , 'taking mad order  from my mother'  portrait and talking to him elf, but he wa  alway  a foul little -' 'If you could ju t  et him free,'  aid Hermione hopefully, 'maybe -' 'We can't  et him free, he know  too much about the Order,'  aid Siriu  curtly. 'And anyway, the  hock would kill him. You  ugge t to him that he leave  thi  hou e,  ee how he take  it.' Siriu  walked acro  the room to where the tape try Kreacher had been trying to protect hung the length of the wall. Harry and the other  followed. The tape try looked immen ely old; it wa  faded and looked a  though Doxy  had gnawed it in place . Neverthele , the golden thread with which it wa  embroidered  till glinted brightly enough to  how them a  prawling family tree dating back (a  far a  Harry could tell) to the Middle Age . Large word  at the very top of the tape try read: The Noble and Mo t Ancient Hou e oj Black Toujour  pur' 'You're not on here!'  aid Harry, after  canning the bottom of the tree clo ely. 'I u ed to be there,'  aid Siriu , pointing at a  mall, round, charred hole in the tape try, rather like a cigarette burn. 'My  weet old mother bla ted me off after I ran away from home - Kreacher'  quite fond of muttering the  tory under hi  breath.' 'You ran away from home?' 'When I wa  about  ixteen,'  aid Siriu . 'I'd had enough.' 'Where did you go?' a ked Harry,  taring at him. 'Your dad'  place,'  aid Siriu . 'Your grandparent  were really good about it; they  ort of adopted me a  a  econd  on. Yeah, I camped out at your dad'  in the  chool holiday , and when I wa   eventeen I got a place of my own. My Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold - he'  been wiped off here, too, that'  probably why - anyway, after that I looked after my elf. I wa  alway  welcome at Mr and Mr . Potter'  for Sunday lunch, though.' 'But… why did you… ?' 'Leave?' Siriu   miled bitterly and ran hi  finger  through hi  long, unkempt hair. 'Becau e I hated the whole lot of them: my parent , with their pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a Black made you practically royal… my idiot brother,  oft enough to believe them… that'  him.' Siriu  jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, at the name 'Regulu  Black'. A date of death ( ome fifteen year  previou ly) followed the date of birth. 'He wa  younger than me,'  aid Siriu , 'and a much better  on, a  I wa  con tantly reminded.' 'But he died,'  aid Harry. 'Yeah,'  aid Siriu . 'Stupid idiot… he joined the Death Eater .' 'You're kidding!' 'Come on, Harry, haven't you  een enough of thi  hou e to tell what kind of wizard  my family were?'  aid Siriu  te tily. 'Were - were your parent  Death Eater  a  well?' 'No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had the right idea, they were all for the purification of the wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-born  and having pure-blood  in charge. They weren't alone, either, there were quite a few people, before Voldemort  howed hi  true colour , who thought he had the right idea about thing … they got cold feet when they  aw what he wa  prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my parent  thought Regulu  wa  a right little hero for joining up at fir t.' 'Wa  he killed by an Auror?' Harry a ked tentatively. 'Oh, no,'  aid Siriu . 'No, he wa  murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemort'  order , more likely; I doubt Regulu  wa  ever important enough to be killed by Voldemort in per on. From what I found out after he died, he got in  o far, then panicked about what he wa  being a ked to do and tried to back out. Well, you don't ju t hand in your re ignation to Voldemort. It'  a lifetime of  ervice or death.' 'Lunch,'  aid Mr . Wea ley  voice. She wa  holding her wand high in front of her, balancing a huge tray loaded with  andwiche  and cake on it  tip. She wa  very red in the face and  till looked angry. The other  moved over to her, eager for  ome food, but Harry remained with Siriu , who had bent clo er to the tape try. 'I haven't looked at thi  for year . There'  Phinea  Nigellu … my great-great-grandfather,  ee?… lea t popular Headma ter Hogwart  ever had… and Araminta Mehflua… cou in of my mother … tried to force through a Mini try Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal… and dear Aunt Elladora…  he  tarted the family tradition of beheading hou e-elve  when they got too old to carry tea tray … of cour e, any time the family produced  omeone halfway decent they were di owned. I  ee Tonk  i n't on here. Maybe that'  why Kreacher won't take order  from her - he'   uppo ed to do whatever anyone in the family a k  him -' 'You and Tonk  are related?' Harry a ked,  urpri ed. 'Oh, yeah, her mother Andromeda wa  my favourite cou in,'  aid Siriu , examining the tape try clo ely. 'No, Andromeda'  not on here either, look -' He pointed to another  mall round burn mark between two name , Bellatrix and Narci a. 'Andromeda'   i ter  are  till here becau e they made lovely, re pectable pure-blood marriage , but Andromeda married a Muggle-born, Ted Tonk ,  o -' Siriu  mimed bla ting the tape try with a wand and laughed  ourly. Harry, however, did not laugh; he wa  too bu y  taring at the name  to the right of Andromeda'  burn mark. A double line of gold embroidery linked Narci a Black with Luciu  Malfoy and a  ingle vertical gold line from their name  led to the name Draco. 'You're related to the Malfoy !' The pure-blood familie  are all interrelated,'  aid Siriu . Tf you're only going to let your  on  and daughter  marry pure-blood  your choice i  very limited; there are hardly any of u  left. Molly and I are cou in  by marriage and Arthur'   omething like my  econd cou in once removed. But there'  no point looking for them on here - if ever a family wa  a bunch of blood traitor  it'  the Wea ley .' But Harry wa  now looking at the name to the left of Andromeda'  burn: Bellatrix Black, which wa  connected by a double line to Rodolphu  Le trange. 'Le trange…' Harry  aid aloud. The name had  tirred  omething in hi  memory; he knew it from  omewhere, but for a moment he couldn't think where, though it gave him an odd, creeping  en ation in the pit of hi   tomach. They're in Azkaban,'  aid Siriu   hortly. Harry looked at him curiou ly. 'Bellatrix and her hu band Rodolphu  came in with Barty Crouch junior,'  aid Siriu , in the  ame bru que voice. 'Rodolphu  brother Raba tan wa  with them, too.' Then Harry remembered. He had  een Bellatrix Le trange in ide Dumbledore'  Pen ieve, the  trange device in which thought  and memorie  could be  tored: a tall dark woman with heavy-lidded eye , who had  tood at her trial and proclaimed her continuing allegiance to Lord Voldemort, her pride that  he had tried to find him after hi  downfall and her conviction that  he would one day be rewarded for her loyalty. 'You never  aid  he wa  your -' 'Doe  it matter if  he'  my cou in?'  napped Siriu . 'A  far a  I'm concerned, they're not my family. She'  certainly not my family. I haven't  een her  ince I wa  your age, unle  you count a glimp e of her coming into Azkaban. D'you think I'm proud of having a relative like her?' 'Sorry,'  aid Harry quickly, 'I didn't mean - I wa  ju t  urpri ed, that'  all -' 'It doe n't matter, don't apologi e,' Siriu  mumbled. He turned away from the tape try, hi  hand  deep in hi  pocket . 'I don't like being back here,' he  aid,  taring acro  the drawing room. 'I never thought I'd be  tuck in thi  hou e again.' Harry under tood completely. He knew how he would feel, when he wa  grown up and thought he wa  free of the place for ever, to return and live at number four, Privet Drive. 'It'  ideal for Headquarter , of cour e,' Siriu   aid. 'My father put every  ecurity mea ure known to wizardkind on it when he lived here. It'  unplottable,  o Muggle  could never come and call - a  if they'd ever have wanted to - and now Dumbledore'  added hi  protection, you'd be hard put to find a  afer hou e anywhere. Dumbledore i  Secret Keeper for the Order, you know - nobody can find Headquarter  unle  he tell  them per onally where it i  - that note Moody  howed you la t night, that wa  from Dumbledore…' Siriu  gave a  hort, bark-like laugh. 'If my parent  could  ee the u e their hou e wa  being put to now… well, my mother  portrait  hould give you  ome idea He  cowled for a moment, then  ighed. 'I wouldn't mind if I could ju t get out occa ionally and do  omething u eful. I've a ked Dumbledore whether I can e cort you to your hearing - a  Snuffle , obviou ly -  o I can give you a bit of moral  upport, what d'you think?' Harry felt a  though hi   tomach had  unk through the du ty carpet. He had not thought about the hearing once  ince dinner the previou  evening; in the excitement of being back with the people he liked be t, and hearing everything that wa  going on, it had completely flown hi  mind. At Siriu '  word , however, the cru hing  en e of dread returned to him. He  tared at Hermione and the Wea ley , all tucking into their  andwiche , and thought how he would feel if they went back to Hogwart  without him. 'Don't worry,' Siriu   aid. Harry looked up and reali ed that Siriu  had been watching him. 'I'm  ure they'll clear you, there'  definitely  omething in the International Statute of Secrecy about being allowed to u e magic to  ave your own life.' 'But if they do expel me,'  aid Harry quietly, 'can I come back here and live with you?' Siriu   miled  adly. 'We'll  ee.' 'I'd feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didn't have to go back to the Dur ley ',' Harry pre ed him. 'They mu t be bad if you prefer thi  place,'  aid Siriu  gloomily. 'Hurry up, you two, or there won't be any food left,' Mr . Wea ley called. Siriu  heaved another great  igh, ca t a dark look at the tape try, then he and Harry went to join the other . Harry tried hi  be t not to think about the hearing while they emptied the gla -fronted cabinet  that afternoon. Fortunately for him, it wa  a job that required a lot of concentration, a  many of the object  in there  eemed very reluctant to leave their du ty  helve . Siriu   u tained a bad bite from a  ilver  nuffbox; within  econd  hi  bitten hand had developed an unplea ant cru ty covering like a tough brown glove. 'It  OK,' he  aid, examining the hand with intere t before tapping it lightly with hi  wand and re toring it   kin to normal, 'mu t be Wartcap powder in there.' He threw the box a ide into the  ack where they were depo iting the debri  from the cabinet ; Harry  aw George wrap hi  own hand carefully in a cloth moment  later and  neak the box into hi  already Doxy-filled pocket. They found an unplea ant-looking  ilver in trument,  omething like a many-legged pair of tweezer , which  cuttled up Harry  arm like a  pider when he picked it up, and attempted to puncture hi   kin. Siriu   eized it and  ma hed it with a heavy book entitled Nature'  Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. There wa  a mu ical box that emitted a faintly  ini ter, tinkling tune when wound, and they all found them elve  becoming curiou ly weak and  leepy, until Ginny had the  en e to  lam the lid  hut; a heavy locket that none of them could open; a number of ancient  eal ; and, in a du ty box, an Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , that had been awarded to Siriu '  grandfather for ' ervice  to the Mini try'. 'It mean  he gave them a load of gold,'  aid Siriu  contemptuou ly, throwing the medal into the rubbi h  ack. Several time  Kreacher  idled into the room and attempted to  muggle thing  away under hi  loincloth, muttering horrible cur e  every time they caught him at it. When Siriu  wre ted a large golden ring bearing the Black cre t from hi  grip, Kreacher actually bur t into furiou  tear  and left the room  obbing under hi  breath and calling Siriu  name  Harry had never heard before. 'It wa  my father' ,'  aid Siriu , throwing the ring into the  ack. 'Kreacher wa n't quite a  devoted to him a  to my mother, but I  till caught him  nogging a pair of my father'  old trou er  la t week.' Wea ley kept them all working very hard over the next few day . The drawing room took three day  to decontaminate. Finally, the only unde irable thing  left in it were the tape try of the Black family tree, which re i ted all their attempt  to remove it from the wall, and the rattling writing de k. Moody had not dropped by Headquarter  yet,  o they could not be  ure what wa  in ide it. They moved from the drawing room to a dining room on the ground floor where they found  pider  a  large a   aucer  lurking in the dre er (Ron left the room hurriedly to make a cup of tea and did not return for an hour and a half). The china, which bore the Black cre t and motto, wa  all thrown unceremoniou ly into a  ack by Siriu , and the  ame fate met a  et of old photograph  in tarni hed  ilver frame , all of who e occupant   quealed  hrilly a  the gla  covering them  ma hed. Snape might refer to their work a  'cleaning', but in Harry  opinion they were really waging war on the hou e, which wa  putting up a very good fight, aided and abetted by Kreacher. The hou e-elf kept appearing wherever they were congregated, hi  muttering becoming more and more offen ive a  he attempted to remove anything he could from the rubbi h  ack . Siriu  went a  far a  to threaten him with clothe , but Kreacher fixed him with a watery  tare and  aid, 'Ma ter mu t do a  Ma ter wi he ,' before turning away and muttering very loudly, 'but Ma ter will not turn Kreacher away, no, becau e Kreacher know  what they are up to, oh ye , he i  plotting again t the Dark Lord, ye , with the e Mudblood  and traitor  and  cum…' At which Siriu , ignoring Hermione'  prote t ,  eized Kreacher by the back of hi  loincloth and threw him bodily from the room. The doorbell rang  everal time  a day, which wa  the cue for Siriu '  mother to  tart  hrieking again, and for Harry and the other  to attempt to eave drop on the vi itor, though they gleaned very little from the brief glimp e  and  natche  of conver ation they were able to  neak before Mr . Wea ley recalled them to their ta k . Snape flitted in and out of the hou e  everal time  more, though to Harry'  relief they never came face to face; Harry al o caught  ight of hi  Tran figuration teacher Profe or McGonagall, looking very odd in a Muggle dre  and coat, and  he al o  eemed too bu y to linger. Sometime , however, the vi itor   tayed to help. Tonk  joined them for a memorable afternoon in which they found a murderou  old ghoul lurking in an up tair  toilet, and Lupin, who wa   taying in the hou e with Siriu  but who left it for long period  to do my teriou  work for the Order, helped them repair a grandfather clock that had developed the unplea ant habit of  hooting heavy bolt  at pa er -by. Mundungu  redeemed him elf  lightly in Mr . Wea ley'  eye  by re cuing Ron from an ancient  et of purple robe  that had tried to  trangle him when he removed them from their wardrobe. De pite the fact that he wa   till  leeping badly,  till having dream  about corridor  and locked door  that made hi   car prickle, Harry wa  managing to have fun for the fir t time all  ummer. A  long a  he wa  bu y he wa  happy; when the action abated, however, whenever he dropped hi  guard, or lay exhau ted in bed watching blurred  hadow  move acro  the ceiling, the thought of the looming Mini try hearing returned to him. Fear jabbed at hi  in ide  like needle  a  he wondered what wa  going to happen to him if he wa  expelled. The idea wa   o terrible that he did not dare voice it aloud, not even to Ron and Hermione, who, though he often  aw them whi pering together and ca ting anxiou  look  in hi  direction, followed hi  lead in not mentioning it. Sometime , he could not prevent hi  imagination  howing him a facele  Mini try official who wa   napping hi  wand in two and ordering him back to the Dur ley '… but he would not go. He wa  determined on that. He would come back here to Grimmauld Place and live with Siriu . He felt a  though a brick had dropped into hi   tomach when Mr . Wea ley turned to him during dinner on Wedne day evening and  aid quietly, 'I've ironed your be t clothe  for tomorrow morning, Harry, and I want you to wa h your hair tonight, too. A good fir t impre ion can work wonder .' Ron, Hermione, Fred, George and Ginny all  topped talking and looked over at him. Harry nodded and tried to keep eating hi  chop, but hi  mouth had become  o dry he could not chew. 'How am I getting there?' he a ked Mr . Wea ley, trying to  ound unconcerned. 'Arthur  taking you to work with him,'  aid Mr . Wea ley gently. Mr Wea ley  miled encouragingly at Harry acro  the table. 'You can wait in my office until it'  time for the hearing,' he  aid. Harry looked over at Siriu , but before he could a k the que tion, Mr . Wea ley had an wered it. 'Profe or Dumbledore doe n't think it'  a good idea for Siriu  to go with you, and I mu t  ay I -' '- think he'  quite right,'  aid Siriu  through clenched teeth. Mr . Wea ley pur ed her lip . 'When did Dumbledore tell you that?' Harry  aid,  taring at Siriu . 'He came la t night, when you were in bed,'  aid Mr Wea ley. Siriu   tabbed moodily at a potato with hi  fork. Harry lowered hi  own eye  to hi  plate. The thought that Dumbledore had been in the hou e on the eve of hi  hearing and not a ked to  ee him made him feel, if it were po ible, even wor e. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 7 - The Mini try of Magic Harry awoke at half pa t five the next morning a  abruptly and completely a  if  omebody had yelled in hi  ear. For a few moment  he lay immobile a  the pro pect of the di ciplinary hearing filled every tiny particle of hi  brain, then, unable to bear it, he leapt out of bed and put on hi  gla e . Mr . Wea ley had laid out hi  fre hly laundered jean  and T- hirt at the foot of hi  bed. Harry  crambled into them. The blank picture on the wall  niggered. Ron wa  lying  prawled on hi  back with hi  mouth wide open, fa t a leep. He did not  tir a  Harry cro ed the room,  tepped out on to the landing and clo ed the door  oftly behind him. Trying not to think of the next time he would  ee Ron, when they might no longer be fellow  tudent  at Hogwart , Harry walked quietly down the  tair , pa t the head  of Kreacher'  ance tor , and down into the kitchen. He had expected it to be empty, but when he reached the door he heard the  oft rumble of voice  on the other  ide. He pu hed it open and  aw Mr and Mr . Wea ley, Siriu , Lupin and Tonk   itting there almo t a  though they were waiting for him. All were fully dre ed except Mr . Wea ley, who wa  wearing a quilted purple dre ing gown. She leapt to her feet the moment Harry entered. 'Breakfa t,'  he  aid a   he pulled out her wand and hurried over to the fire. 'M - in - morning, Harry,' yawned Tonk . Her hair wa  blonde and curly thi  morning. 'Sleep all right?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'I've b - b - been up all night,'  he  aid, with another  huddering yawn. 'Come and  it down…' She drew out a chair, knocking over the one be ide it in the proce . 'What do you want, Harry?' Mr . Wea ley called. 'Porridge? Muffin ? Kipper ? Bacon and egg ? Toa t?' 'Ju t - ju t toa t, thank ,'  aid Harry. Lupin glanced at Harry, then  aid to Tonk , 'What were you  aying about Scrimgeour?' 'Oh… yeah… well, we need to be a bit more careful, he'  been a king Kmg ley and me funny que tion …' Harry felt vaguely grateful that he wa  not required to join in the conver ation. Hi  in ide  were  quirming. Mr . Wea ley placed a couple of piece  of toa t and marmalade in front of him; he tried to eat, but it wa  like chewing carpet. Mr . Wea ley  at down on hi  other  ide and  tarted fu ing with hi  T- hirt, tucking in the label and  moothing out the crea e  acro  hi   houlder . He wi hed  he wouldn't. '… and I'll have to tell Dumbledore I can't do night duty tomorrow, I'm ju t't -1 - too tired,' Tonk  fini hed, yawning hugely again. I'll cover for you,'  aid Mr Wea ley. 'I'm OK, I've got a report to fini h anyway Mr Wea ley wa  not wearing wizard ' robe  but a pair of pin triped trou er  and an old bomber jacket. He turned from Tonk  to Harry. 'How are you feeling?' Harry  hrugged. 'It'll all be over  oon,' Mr Wea ley  aid bracingly. Tn a few hour ' time you'll be cleared.' Harry  aid nothing. The hearing'  on my floor, in Amelia Bone '  office. She'  Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and the one who'll be que tioning you.' 'Amelia Bone  i  OK, Harry,'  aid Tonk  earne tly. 'She'  fair,  he'll hear you out.' Harry nodded,  till unable to think of anything to  ay. 'Don't lo e your temper,'  aid Siriu  abruptly. 'Be polite and  tick to the fact .' Harry nodded again. The law'  on your  ide,'  aid Lupin quietly. 'Even underage wizard  are allowed to u e magic in life-threatening  ituation .' Something very cold trickled down the back of Harry  neck; for a moment he thought  omeone wa  putting a Di illu ionment Charm on him, then he reali ed that Mr . Wea ley wa  attacking hi  hair with a wet comb. She pre ed hard on the top of hi  head. 'Doe n't it ever lie flat?'  he  aid de perately. Harry  hook hi  head. Mr Wea ley checked hi  watch and looked up at Harry. 'I think we'll go now,' he  aid. 'We're a bit early but I think you'll be better off at the Mini try than hanging around here.' 'OK,'  aid Harry automatically, dropping hi  toa t and getting to hi  feet. 'You'll be all right, Harry,'  aid Tonk , patting him on the arm. 'Good luck,'  aid Lupin. 'I'm  ure it will be fine.' 'And if it'  not,'  aid Siriu  grimly 'I'll  ee to Amelia Bone  for you…' Harry  miled weakly. Mr . Wea ley hugged him. 'We've all got our finger  cro ed,'  he  aid. 'Right,'  aid Harry. 'Well…  ee you later then.' He followed Mr Wea ley up tair  and along the hall. He could hear Siriu '  mother grunting in her  leep behind her curtain . Mr Wea ley unbolted the door and they  tepped out into the cold, grey dawn. 'You don't normally walk to work, do you?' Harry a ked him, a  they  et off bri kly around the  quare. 'No, I u ually Apparate,'  aid Mr Wea ley, 'but obviou ly you can't, and I think it'  be t we arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fa hion… make  a better impre ion, given what you're being di ciplined for…' Mr Wea ley kept hi  hand in ide hi  jacket a  they walked. Harry knew it wa  clenched around hi  wand. The run-down  treet  were almo t de erted, but when they arrived at the mi erable little underground  tation they found it already full of early-morning commuter . A  ever when he found him elf in clo e proximity to Muggle  going about their daily bu ine , Mr Wea ley wa  hard put to contain hi  enthu ia m. 'Simply fabulou ,' he whi pered, indicating the automatic ticket machine . 'Wonderfully ingeniou .' They're out of order,'  aid Harry, pointing at the  ign. 'Ye , but even  o…'  aid Mr Wea ley, beaming at them fondly They bought their ticket  in tead from a  leepy-looking guard (Harry handled the tran action, a  Mr Wea ley wa  not very good with Muggle money) and five minute  later they were boarding an underground train that rattled them off toward  the centre of London. Mr Wea ley kept anxiou ly checking and re-checking the Underground Map above the window . 'Four more  top , Harry… Three  top  left now… Two  top  to go, Harry…' They got off at a  tation in the very heart of London, and were  wept from the train in a tide of be uited men and women carrying briefca e . Up the e calator they went, through the ticket barrier (Mr Wea ley delighted with the way the  tile  wallowed hi  ticket), and emerged on to a broad  treet lined with impo ing-looking building  and already full of traffic. 'Where are we?'  aid Mr Wea ley blankly, and for one heart- topping moment Harry thought they had got off at the wrong  tation de pite Mr Wea ley'  continual reference  to the map; but a  econd later he  aid, 'Ah ye … thi  way, Harry,' and led him down a  ide road. 'Sorry,' he  aid, 'but I never come by train and it all look  rather different from a Muggle per pective. A  a matter of fact, I've never even u ed the vi itor ' entrance before.' The further they walked, the  maller and le  impo ing the building  became, until finally they reached a  treet that contained  everal rather  habby-looking office , a pub and an overflowing  kip. Harry had expected a rather more impre ive location for the Mini try of Magic. 'Here we are,'  aid Mr Wea ley brightly, pointing at an old red telephone box, which wa  mi ing  everal pane  of gla  and  tood before a heavily graffitied wall. 'After you, Harry.' He opened the telephone-box door. Harry  tepped in ide, wondering what on earth thi  wa  about. Mr Wea ley folded him elf in be ide Harry and clo ed the door. It wa  a tight fit; Harry wa  jammed again t the telephone apparatu , which wa  hanging crookedly from the wall a  though a vandal had tried to rip it off. Mr Wea ley reached pa t Harry for the receiver. 'Mr Wea ley, I think thi  might be out of order, too,' Harry  aid. 'No, no, I'm  ure it'  fine,'  aid Mr Wea ley, holding the receiver above hi  head and peering at the dial. 'Let'   ee…  ix…“ he dialled the number, 'two… four… and another four… and another two…” A  the dial whirred  moothly back into place, a cool female voice  ounded in ide the telephone box, not from the receiver in Mr Wea ley'  hand, but a  loudly and plainly a  though an invi ible woman were  tanding right be ide them. 'Welcome to the Mini try of Magic. Plea e  tate your name and bu ine .' 'Er…'  aid Mr Wea ley, clearly uncertain whether or not he  hould talk into the receiver. He compromi ed by holding the mouthpiece to hi  ear, 'Arthur Wea ley, Mi u e of Muggle Artefact  Office, here to e cort Harry Potter, who ha  been a ked to attend a di ciplinary hearing…' Thank you,'  aid the cool female voice. 'Vi itor, plea e take the badge and attach it to the front of your robe .' There wa  a click and a rattle, and Harry  aw  omething  lide out of the metal chute where returned coin  u ually appeared. He picked it up: it wa  a  quare  ilver badge with Harry Potter, Di ciplinary Hearing on it. He pinned it to the front of hi  T- hirt a  the female voice  poke again. 'Vi itor to the Mini try, you are required to  ubmit to a  earch and pre ent your wand for regi tration at the  ecurity de k, which i  located at the far end of the Atrium.' The floor of the telephone box  huddered. They were  inking  lowly into the ground. Harry watched apprehen ively a  the pavement  eemed to ri e up pa t the gla  window  of the telephone box until darkne  clo ed over their head . Then he could  ee nothing at all; he could hear only a dull grinding noi e a  the tele-phone box made it  way down through the earth. After about a minute, though it felt much longer to Harry, a chink of golden light illuminated hi  feet and, widening, ro e up hi  body, until it hit him in the face and he had to blink to  top hi  eye  watering. The Mini try of Magic wi he  you a plea ant day,'  aid the woman'  voice. The door of the telephone box  prang open and Mr Wea ley  tepped out of it, followed by Harry, who e mouth had fallen open. They were  tanding at one end of a very long and  plendid hall with a highly poli hed, dark wood floor. The peacock blue ceiling wa  inlaid with gleaming golden  ymbol  that kept moving and changing like  ome enormou  heavenly noticeboard. The wall  on each  ide were panelled in  hiny dark wood and had many gilded fireplace   et into them. Every few  econd  a witch or wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplace  with a  oft whoo h. On the right-hand  ide,  hort queue  were forming before each fireplace, waiting to depart. Halfway down the hall wa  a fountain. A group of golden  tatue , larger than life- ize,  tood in the middle of a circular pool. Talle t of them all wa  a noble-looking wizard with hi  wand pointing  traight up in the air. Grouped around him were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin and a hou e-elf. The la t three were all looking adoringly up at the witch and wizard. Glittering jet  of water were flying from the end  of their wand , the point of the centaur'  arrow, the tip of the goblin  hat and each of the hou e-elf'  ear ,  o that the tinkling hi  of falling water wa  added to the pop  and crack  of the Apparator  and the clatter of foot tep  a  hundred  of witche  and wizard , mo t of whom were wearing glum, early-morning look ,  trode toward  a  et of golden gate  at the far end of the hall. Thi  way,'  aid Mr Wea ley. They joined the throng, wending their way between the Mini try worker ,  ome of whom were carrying tottering pile  of parchment, other  battered briefca e ;  till other  were reading the Daily Prophet while they walked. A  they pa ed the fountain Harry  aw  ilver Sickle  and bronze Knut  glinting up at him from the bottom of the pool. A  mall  mudged  ign be ide it read: ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE FOUNTAIN OF MAGICAL BRETHREN WILL BE GIVEN TO ST MUNGO'S HOSPITAL FOR MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES. If I'm not expelled from Hogwart , I'll put in ten Galleon , Harry found him elf thinking de perately. 'Over here, Harry,'  aid Mr Wea ley, and they  tepped out of the  tream of Mini try employee  heading for the golden gate . Seated at a de k to the left, beneath a  ign  aying Security, a badly- haven wizard in peacock blue robe  looked up a  they approached and put down hi  Daily Prophet. 'I'm e corting a vi itor,'  aid Mr Wea ley, ge turing toward  Harry. 'Step over here,'  aid the wizard in a bored voice. Harry walked clo er to him and the wizard held up a long golden rod, thin and flexible a  a car aerial, and pa ed it up and down Harry  front and back. 'Wand,' grunted the  ecurity wizard at Harry, putting down the golden in trument and holding out hi  hand. Harry produced hi  wand. The wizard dropped it on to a  trange bra  in trument, which looked  omething like a  et of  cale  with only one di h. It began to vibrate. A narrow  trip of parchment came  peeding out of a  lit in the ba e. The wizard tore thi  off and read the writing on it. 'Eleven inche , phoenix-feather core, been in u e four year . That correct?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry nervou ly. 'I keep thi ,'  aid the wizard, impaling the  lip of parchment on a  mall bra   pike. 'You get thi  back,' he added, thru ting the wand at Harry. Thank you.' 'Hang on…'  aid the wizard  lowly. Hi  eye  had darted from the  ilver vi itor  badge on Harry'  che t to hi  forehead. Thank you, Eric,'  aid Mr Wea ley firmly, and gra ping Harry by the  houlder he  teered him away from the de k and back into the  tream of wizard  and witche  walking through the golden gate . Jo tled  lightly by the crowd, Harry followed Mr Wea ley through the gate  into the  maller hall beyond, where at lea t twenty lift   tood behind wrought golden grille . Harry and Mr Wea ley joined the crowd around one of them. Nearby,  tood a big bearded wizard holding a large cardboard box which wa  emitting ra ping noi e . 'All right, Arthur?'  aid the wizard, nodding at Mr Wea ley. 'What've you got there, Bob?' a ked Mr Wea ley, looking at the box. 'We're not  ure,'  aid the wizard  eriou ly. 'We thought it wa  a bog- tandard chicken until it  tarted breathing fire. Look  like a  eriou  breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me.' With a great jangling and clattering a lift de cended in front of them; the golden grille  lid back and Harry and Mr Wea ley  tepped into the lift with the re t of the crowd and Harry found him elf jammed again t the back wall. Several witche  and wizard  were looking at him curiou ly; he  tared at hi  feet to avoid catching anyone'  eye, flattening hi  fringe a  he did  o. The grille   lid  hut with a cra h and the lift a cended  lowly, chain  rattling, while the  ame cool female voice Harry had heard in the telephone box rang out again. 'Level Seven, Department of Magical Game  and Sport , incorporating the Briti h and Iri h Quidditch League Headquarter , Official Gob tone  Club and Ludicrou  Patent  Office.' The lift door  opened. Harry glimp ed an untidy-looking corridor, with variou  po ter  of Quidditch team  tacked lop idedly on the wall . One of the wizard  in the lift, who wa  carrying an armful of broom tick , extricated him elf with difficulty and di appeared down the corridor. The door  clo ed, the lift juddered upward  again and the woman'  voice announced: 'Level Six, Department of Magical Tran portation, incorporating the Floo Network Authority, Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office and Apparation Te t Centre.' Once again the lift door  opened and four or five witche  and wizard  got out; at the  ame time,  everal paper aeroplane   wooped into the lift. Harry  tared up at them a  they flapped idly around above hi  head; they were a pale violet colour and he could  ee Mini try of Magic  tamped along the edge of their wing . 'Ju t inter-departmental memo ,' Mr Wea ley muttered to him. 'We u ed to u e owl , but the me  wa  unbelievable… dropping  all over the de k …' A  they clattered upward  again the memo  flapped around ihe lamp  waying from the lift'  ceiling. 'Level Five, Department of International Magical Co-operation, incorporating the International Magical Trading Standard  Body, the International Magical Office of Law and the International Confederation of Wizard , Briti h Seat .' When the door  opened, two of the memo  zoomed out with a few more of the witche  and wizard , but  everal more memo  zoomed in,  o that the light from the lamp flickered and fla hed overhead a  they darted around it. 'Level Four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature , incorporating Bea t, Being and Spirit Divi ion , Goblin Liai on Office and Pe t Advi ory Bureau.' 'S'cu e,'  aid the wizard carrying the fire-breathing chicken and he left the lift pur ued by a little flock of memo . The door  clanged  hut yet again. 'Level Three, Department of Magical Accident  and Cata trophe , including the Accidental Magic Rever al Squad, Obliviator Headquarter  and Muggle-Worthy Excu e Committee.' Everybody left the lift on thi  floor except Mr Wea ley, Harry and a witch who wa  reading an extremely long piece of parchment that wa  trailing on the floor. The remaining memo  continued to  oar around the lamp a  the lift juddered upward  again, then the door  opened and the voice made it  announcement. 'Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper U e of Magic Office, Auror Headquarter  and Wizengamot Admini tration Service .' Thi  i  u , Harry,'  aid Mr Wea ley, and they followed the witch out of the lift into a corridor lined with door . 'My office i  on the other  ide of the floor.' 'Mr Wea ley'  aid Harry, a  they pa ed a window through which  unlight wa   treaming, 'aren't we  till underground?' 'Ye , we are,'  aid Mr Wea ley. Tho e are enchanted window . Magical Maintenance decide what weather we'll get every day. We had two month  of hurricane  la t time they were angling for a pay ri e… Ju t round here, Harry.' They turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy oak door  and emerged in a cluttered open area divided into cubicle , which wa  buzzing with talk and laughter. Memo  were zooming in and out of cubicle  like miniature rocket . A lop ided  ign on the neare t cubicle read: Auror Headquarter . Harry looked  urreptitiou ly through the doorway  a  they pa ed. The Auror  had covered their cubicle wall  with everything from picture  of wanted wizard  and photograph  of their familie , to po ter  of their favourite Quidditch team  and article  Irom the Daily Prophet. A  carlet-robed man with a ponytail longer than Bill'  wa   itting with hi  boot  up on hi  de k, dictating a report to hi  quill. A little further along, a witch with a patch over one eye wa  talking over the top of her cubicle wall to King ley Shacklebolt. 'Morning, Wea ley,'  aid King ley carele ly, a  they drew nearer. 'I've been wanting a word with you, have you got a  econd?' 'Ye , if it really i  a  econd,'  aid Mr Wea ley, "I'm in rather a hurry.' They were talking a  though they hardly knew each other and when Harry opened hi  mouth to  ay hello to King ley, Mr Wea ley  tood on hi  foot. They followed King ley along the row and into the very la t cubicle. Harry received a  light  hock; blinking down at him from every direction wa  Siriu '  face. New paper cutting  and old photograph  - even the one of Siriu  being be t man at the Potter ' wedding -papered the wall . The only Siriu -free  pace wa  a map of the world in which little red pin  were glowing like jewel . 'Here,'  aid King ley bru quely to Mr Wea ley,  hoving a  heaf of parchment into hi  hand. 'I need a  much information a  po ible on flying Muggle vehicle   ighted in the la t twelve month . We've received information that Black might  till be u ing hi  old motorcycle.' King ley tipped Harry an enormou  wink and added, in a whi per, 'Give him the magazine, he might find it intere ting.' Then he  aid in normal tone , 'And don't take too long, Wea ley, the delay on that fireleg  report held our inve tigation up for a month.' 'If you had read my report you would know that the term i  firearm ,'  aid Mr Wea ley coolly. 'And I'm afraid you'll have to wait for information on motorcycle ; we're extremely bu y at the moment.' He dropped hi  voice and  aid, 'If you can get away before  even, Molly'  making meatball .' He beckoned to Harry and led him out of King ley'  cubicle, through a  econd  et of oak door , into another pa age, turned left, marched along another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and di tinctly  habby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left  tood ajar, revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarni hed bra  plaque reading: Mi u e of Muggle Artefact . Mr Wea ley'  dingy office  eemed to be  lightly  maller than the broom cupboard. Two de k  had been crammed in ide it and there wa  barely  pace to move around them becau e of all the overflowing filing cabinet  lining the wall , on top of which were tottering pile  of file . The little wall  pace available bore witne  to Mr Wea ley'  ob e ion :  everal po ter  of car , including one of a di mantled engine; two illu tration  of po tboxe  he  eemed to have cut out of Muggle children'  book ; and a diagram  howing how to wire a plug. Sitting on top of Mr Wea ley'  overflowing in-tray wa  an old toa ter that wa  hiccoughing in a di con olate way and a pair of empty leather glove  that were twiddling their thumb . A photograph of the Wea ley family  tood be ide the in-tray. Harry noticed that Percy appeared to have walked out of it. 'We haven't got a window,'  aid Mr Wea ley apologetically, taking off hi  bomber jacket and placing it on the back of hi  chair. 'We've a ked, but they don't  eem to think we need one. Have a  eat, Harry, doe n't look a  if Perkin  i  in yet.' Harry  queezed him elf into the chair behind Perkin '  de k while Mr Wea ley riffled through the  heaf of parchment King ley Shacklebolt had given him. 'Ah,' he  aid, grinning, a  he extracted a copy of a magazine entitled The Quibbler from it  mid t, 'ye …' He flicked through it. 'Ye , he'  right, I'm  ure Sinu  will find that very amu ing - oh dear, what'  thi  now?' A memo had ju t zoomed in through the open door and fluttered to re t on top of the hiccoughing toa ter. Mr Wea ley unfolded it and read it aloud. 'Third regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly inve tigate immediately." Thi  i  getting ridiculou …' 'A regurgitating toilet?' 'Anti-Muggle prank ter ,'  aid Mr Wea ley, frowning. 'We had two la t week, one in Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Ca tle. Muggle  are pulling the flu h and in tead of everything di appearing - well, you can imagine. The poor thing  keep calling in tho e - pumble , I think they're called - you know, the one  who mend pipe  and thing .' 'Plumber ?' 'Exactly, ye , but of cour e they're flummoxed. I only hope we can catch whoever'  doing it.' 'Will it be Auror  who catch them?' 'Oh no, thi  i  too trivial for Auror , it'll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol - ah, Harry, thi  i  Perkin .' A  tooped, timid-looking old wizard with fluffy white hair had ju t entered the room, panting. 'Oh, Arthur!' he  aid de perately, without looking at Harry. Thank goodne , I didn't know what to do for the be t, whether to wait here for you or not. I've ju t  ent an owl to your home but you've obviou ly mi ed it - an urgent me age came ten minute  ago -' 'I know about the regurgitating toilet,'  aid Mr Wea ley. 'No, no, it'  not the toilet, it'  the Potter boy'  hearing - they've changed the time and venue - it  tart  at eight o'clock now and it'  down in old Courtroom Ten -' 'Down in old - but they told me - Merlin'  beard!' Mr Wea ley looked at hi  watch, let out a yelp and leapt from hi  chair. 'Quick, Harry, we  hould have been there five minute  ago!' Perkin  flattened him elf again t the filing cabinet  a  Mr Wea ley left the office at a run, Harry clo e on hi  heel . 'Why have they changed the time?' Harry  aid breathle ly, a  they hurtled pa t the Auror cubicle ; people poked out their head  and  tared a  they  treaked pa t. Harry felt a  though he'd left all hi  in ide  back at Perkin '  de k. I've no idea, but thank goodne  we got here  o early, if you'd mi ed it, it would have been cata trophic!' Mr Wea ley  kidded to a halt be ide the lift  and jabbed impatiently at the 'down' button. 'Come ON!' The lift clattered into view and they hurried in ide. Every time it  topped Mr Wea ley cur ed furiou ly and pummelled the number nine button. Tho e courtroom  haven't been u ed in year ,'  aid Mr Wea ley angrily. 'I can't think why they're doing it down there - unle  -but no -' A plump witch carrying a  moking goblet entered the lift at that moment, and Mr Wea ley did not elaborate. The Atrium,'  aid the cool female voice and the golden grille   lid open,  howing Harry a di tant glimp e of the golden  tatue  in the fountain. The plump witch got out and a  allow- kinned wizard with a very mournful face got in. 'Morning, Arthur,' he  aid in a  epulchral voice a  the lift began to de cend. 'Don't often  ee you down here.' 'Urgent bu ine , Bode,'  aid Mr Wea ley, who wa  bouncing on the ball  of hi  feet and throwing anxiou  look  over at Harry. 'Ah, ye ,'  aid Bode,  urveying Harry unblinkingly. 'Of cour e.' Harry barely had emotion to  pare for Bode, but hi  unfaltering gaze did not make him feel any more comfortable. 'Department of My terie ,'  aid the cool female voice, and left it at that. 'Quick, Harry,'  aid Mr Wea ley a  the lift door  rattled open, and they  ped up a corridor that wa  quite different from tho e above. The wall  were bare; there were no window  and no door  apart from a plain black one  et at the very end of the corridor. Harry expected them to go through it, but in tead Mr Wea ley  eized him by the arm and dragged him to the left, where there wa  an opening leading to a flight of  tep . 'Down here, down here,' panted Mr Wea ley, taking two  tep  at a time. The lift doe n't even come down thi  far… why they're doing it down there I…' They reached the bottom of the  tep  and ran along yet another corridor, which bore a great re emblance to the one that led to Snape'  dungeon at Hogwart , with rough  tone wall  and torche  in bracket . The door  they pa ed here were heavy wooden one  with iron bolt  and keyhole . 'Courtroom… Ten… I think… we're nearly… ye .' Mr Wea ley  tumbled to a halt out ide a grimy dark door with an immen e iron lock and  lumped again t the wall, clutching at a  titch in hi  che t. 'Go on,' he panted, pointing hi  thumb at the door. 'Get in there.' 'Aren't - aren't you coming with -?' 'No, no, I'm not allowed. Good luck!' Harry'  heart wa  beating a violent tattoo again t hi  Adam'  apple. He  wallowed hard, turned the heavy iron door handle and  tepped in ide the courtroom. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 8 - The Hearing Harry ga ped; he could not help him elf. The large dungeon he had entered wa  horribly familiar. He had not only  een it before, he had been here before. Thi  wa  the place he had vi ited in ide Dumbledore'  Pen ieve, the place where he had watched the Le trange   entenced to life impri onment in Azkaban. The wall  were made of dark  tone, dimly lit by torche . Empty benche  ro e on either  ide of him, but ahead, in the highe t benche  of all, were many  hadowy figure . They had been talking in low voice , but a  the heavy door  wung clo ed behind Harry an ominou   ilence fell. A cold male voice rang acro  the courtroom. 'You're late.' 'Sorry,'  aid Harry nervou ly 'I — I didn't know the time had been changed.' That i  not the Wizengamot'  fault,'  aid the voice. 'An owl wa   ent to you thi  morning. Take your  eat.' Harry dropped hi  gaze to the chair in the centre of the room, the arm  of which were covered in chain . He had  een tho e chain   pring to life and bind whoever  at between them. Hi  foot tep  echoed loudly a  he walked acro  the  tone floor. When he  at gingerly on the edge of the chair the chain  clinked threateningly, but did not bind him. Feeling rather  ick, he looked up at the people  eated at the bench above. There were about fifty of them, all, a  far a  he could  ee, wearing plum-coloured robe  with an elaborately worked  ilver 'W on the left-hand  ide of the che t and all  taring down their no e  at him,  ome with very au tere expre ion , other  look  of frank curio ity. THE HE A RING In the very middle of the front row  at Corneliu  Fudge, the Mini ter for Magic. Fudge wa  a portly man who often  ported a lime-green bowler hat, though today he had di pen ed with it; he had di pen ed, too, with the indulgent  mile he had once worn when he  poke to Harry. A broad,  quare-jawed witch with very  hort grey hair  at on Fudge'  left;  he wore a monocle and looked forbidding. On Fudge'  right wa  another witch, but  he wa   itting  o far back on the bench that her face wa  in  hadow. 'Very well,'  aid Fudge. The accu ed being pre ent - finally -let u  begin. Are you ready?' he called down the row. 'Ye ,  ir,'  aid an eager voice Harry knew. Ron'  brother Percy wa   itting at the very end of the front bench. Harry looked at Percy, expecting  ome  ign of recognition from him, but none came. Percy'  eye , behind hi  horn-rimmed gla e , were fixed on hi  parchment, a quill poi ed in hi  hand. 'Di ciplinary hearing of the twelfth of Augu t,'  aid Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began taking note  at once, 'into offence  committed under the Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry Jame  Potter, re ident at number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. 'Interrogator : Corneliu  O wald Fudge, Mini ter for Magic; Amelia Su an Bone , Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement; Dolore  Jane Umbridge, Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatiu  Wea ley -' 'Witne  for the defence, Albu  Percival Wulfric Brian Dumble-dore,'  aid a quiet voice from behind Harry, who turned hi  head  o fa t he cricked hi  neck. Dumbledore wa   triding  erenely acro  the room wearing long midnight-blue robe  and a perfectly calm expre ion. Hi  long  ilver beard and hair gleamed in the torchlight a  he drew level with Harry and looked up at Fudge through the half-moon  pectacle  that re ted halfway down hi  very crooked no e. The member  of the Wizengamot were muttering. All eye  were now on Dumbledore. Some looked annoyed, other   lightly frightened; two elderly witche  in the back row, however, rai ed their hand  and waved in welcome. A powerful emotion had ri en in Harry'  che t at the  ight of Dumbledore, a fortified, hopeful feeling rather like that which phoenix  ong gave him. He wanted to catch Dumbledore'  eye, but Dumbledore wa  not looking hi  way; he wa  continuing to look up at the obviou ly flu tered Fudge. 'Ah,'  aid Fudge, who looked thoroughly di concerted. 'Dumbledore. Ye . You - er - got our - er - me age that the time and -er - place of the hearing had been changed, then?' 'I mu t have mi ed it,'  aid Dumbledore cheerfully. 'However, due to a lucky mi take I arrived at the Mini try three hour  early,  o no harm done.' 'Ye  - well - I  uppo e we'll need another chair - I - Wea ley, could you -?' 'Not to worry, not to worry,'  aid Dumbledore plea antly; he took out hi  wand, gave it a little flick, and a  qua hy chintz armchair appeared out of nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore  at down, put the tip  of hi  long finger  together and  urveyed Fudge over them with an expre ion of polite intere t. The Wizengamot wa   till muttering and fidgeting re tle ly; only when Fudge  poke again did they  ettle down. 'Ye ,'  aid Fudge again,  huffling hi  note . 'Well, then. So. The charge . Ye .' He extricated a piece of parchment from the pile before him, took a deep breath, and read out, The charge  again t the accu ed are a  follow : That he did knowingly, deliberately and in full awarene  of the illegality of hi  action , having received a previou  written warning from the Mini try of Magic on a  imilar charge, produce a Patronu  Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area, in the pre ence of a Muggle, on the  econd of Augu t at twenty-three minute  pa t nine, which con titute  an offence under Paragraph C of the Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, and al o under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlock ' Statute of Secrecy. 'You are Harry Jame  Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?' Fudge  aid, glaring at Harry over the top of hi  parchment. 'Ye ,' Harry  aid. 'You received an official warning from the Mini try for u ing illegal magic three year  ago, did you not?' 'Ye , but -' 'And yet you conjured a Patronu  on the night of the  econd of Augu t?'  aid Fudge. 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, 'but -' 'Knowing that you are not permitted to u e magic out ide  chool while you are under the age of  eventeen?' 'Ye , but -' 'Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggle ?' 'Ye , but -' 'Fully aware that you were in clo e proximity to a Muggle at the time?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry angrily, 'but I only u ed it becau e we were -' The witch with the monocle cut acro  him in a booming voice. 'You produced a fully-fledged Patronu ?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, 'becau e -' 'A corporeal Patronu ?' 'A - what?'  aid Harry. 'Your Patronu  had a clearly defined form? I mean to  ay, it wa  more than vapour or  moke?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, feeling both impatient and  lightly de perate, 'it'  a  tag, it'  alway  a  tag.' 'Alway ?' boomed Madam Bone . 'You have produced a Patronu  before now?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, 'I've been doing it for over a year.' 'And you are fifteen year  old?' 'Ye , and -' 'You learned thi  at  chool?' 'Ye , Profe or Lupin taught me in my third year, becau e of the -' 'Impre ive,'  aid Madam Bone ,  taring down at him, 'a true Patronu  at hi  age… very impre ive indeed.' Some of the wizard  and witche  around her were muttering again; a few nodded, but other  were frowning and  haking their head . 'It'  not a que tion of how impre ive the magic wa ,'  aid Fudge in a te ty voice, 'in fact, the more impre ive the wor e it i , I would have thought, given that the boy did it in plain view of a Muggle!' Tho e who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it wa  the  ight of Percy'   anctimoniou  little nod that goaded Harry into  peech. 'I did it becau e of the Dementor !' he  aid loudly, before anyone could interrupt him again. He had expected more muttering, but the  ilence that fell  eemed to be  omehow den er than before. 'Dementor ?'  aid Madam Bone  after a moment, her thick eyebrow  ri ing until her monocle looked in danger of falling out. 'What do you mean, boy?' 'I mean there were two Dementor  down that alleyway and they went for me and my cou in!' 'Ah,'  aid Fudge again,  mirking unplea antly a  he looked around at the Wizengamot, a  though inviting them to  hare the joke. 'Ye . Ye , I thought we'd be hearing  omething like thi .' 'Dementor  in Little Whinging?' Madam Bone   aid, in a tone of great  urpri e. 'I don't under tand -' 'Don't you, Amelia?'  aid Fudge,  till  mirking. 'Let me explain. He'  been thinking it through and decided Dementor  would make a very nice little cover  tory, very nice indeed. Muggle  can't  ee Dementor , can they, boy? Highly convenient, highly convenient…  o it'  ju t your word and no witne e …' 'I'm not lying!'  aid Harry loudly, over another outbreak of muttering from the court. There were two of them, coming from oppo ite end  of the alley, everything went dark and cold and my cou in felt them and ran for it -' 'Enough, enough!'  aid Fudge, with a very  uperciliou  look on hi  face. 'I'm  orry to interrupt what I'm  ure would have been a very well-rehear ed  tory -' Dumbledore cleared hi  throat. The Wizengamot fell  ilent again. 'We do, in fact, have a witne  to the pre ence of Dementor  in that alleyway,' he  aid, 'other than Dudley Dur ley, I mean.' Fudge'  plump face  eemed to  lacken, a  though  omebody had let air out of it. He  tared down at Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the appearance of a man pulling him elf back together,  aid, 'We haven't got time to li ten to more tarradiddle , I'm afraid, Dumbledore. I want thi  dealt with quickly -' 'I may be wrong,'  aid Dumbledore plea antly, 'but I am  ure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Right , the accu ed ha  the right to pre ent witne e  for hi  or her ca e? I n't that the policy of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bone ?' he continued, addre ing the witch in the monocle. 'True,'  aid Madam Bone . 'Perfectly true.' 'Oh, very well, very well,'  napped Fudge. 'Where i  thi  per on?' 'I brought her with me,'  aid Dumbledore. 'She'  ju t out ide the door. Should I -?' 'No — Wea ley, you go,' Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, ran down the  tone  tep  from the judge'  balcony and hurried pa t Dumbledore and Harry without glancing at them. A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mr . Figg. She looked  cared and more batty than ever. Harry wi hed  he had thought to change out of her carpet  lipper . Dumbledore  tood up and gave Mr . Figg hi  chair, conjuring a  econd one for him elf. 'Full name?'  aid Fudge loudly, when Mr . Figg had perched her elf nervou ly on the very edge of her  eal. 'Arabella Doreen Figg,'  aid Mr . Figg in her quavery voice. 'And who exactly are you?'  aid Fudge, in a bored and lofty voice. 'I'm a re ident of Little Whinging, clo e to where Harry Potter live ,'  aid Mr . Figg. 'We have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whinging, other than Harry Potter,'  aid Madam Bone  at once. That  ituation ha  alway  been clo ely monitored, given… given pa t event .' 'I'm a Squib,'  aid Mr . Figg. 'So you wouldn't have me regi tered, would you?' 'A Squib, eh?'  aid Fudge, eyeing her clo ely. 'We'll be checking that. You'll leave detail  of your parentage with my a i tant Wea ley. Incidentally, can Squib   ee Dementor ?' he added, looking left and right along the bench. 'Ye , we can!'  aid Mr . Figg indignantly. Fudge looked back down at her, hi  eyebrow  rai ed. 'Very well,' he  aid aloofly. 'What i  your  tory?' 'I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner  hop at the end of Wi teria Walk, around about nine o'clock, on the evening of the  econd of Augu t,' gabbled Mr . Figg at once, a  though  he had learned what  he wa   aying by heart, 'when I heard a di turbance down the alleyway between Magnolia Cre cent and Wi teria Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I  aw Dementor  running -' 'Running?'  aid Madam Bone   harply. 'Dementor  don't run, they glide.' That'  what I meant to  ay,'  aid Mr . Figg quickly, patche  of pink appearing in her withered cheek . 'Gliding along the alley toward  what looked like two boy .' 'What did they look like?'  aid Madam Bone , narrowing her eye   o that the edge of the monocle di appeared into her fle h. 'Well, one wa  very large and the other one rather  kinny -' 'No, no,'  aid Madam Bone  impatiently. 'The Dementor … de cribe them.' 'Oh,1  aid Mr . Figg, the pink flu h creeping up her neck now. They were big. Big and wearing cloak .' Harry felt a horrible  inking in the pit of hi   tomach. Whatever Mr . Figg might  ay, it  ounded to him a  though the mo t  he had ever  een wa  a picture of a Dementor, and a picture could never convey the truth of what the e being  were like: the eerie way they moved, hovering inche  over the ground; or the rotting  mell of them; or that terrible rattling noi e they made a  they  ucked on the  urrounding air… In the  econd row, a dumpy wizard with a large black mou tache leaned clo e to whi per in the ear of hi  neighbour, a frizzy-haired witch. She  mirked and nodded. 'Big and wearing cloak ,' repeated Madam Bone  coolly, while Fudge  norted deri ively. 'I  ee. Anything el e?' 'Ye ,'  aid Mr . Figg. 'I felt them. Everything went cold, and thi  wa  a very warm  ummer'  night, mark you. And I felt… a  though all happine  had gone from the world… and I remembered… dreadful thing …' Her voice  hook and died. Madam Bone '  eye  widened  lightly. Harry could  ee red mark  under her eyebrow where the monocle had dug into it. 'What did the Dementor  do?'  he a ked, and Harry felt a ru h of hope. They went for the boy ,'  aid Mr . Figg, her voice  tronger and more confident now, the pink flu h ebbing away from her face. 'One of them had fallen. The other wa  backing away, trying to repel the Dementor. That wa  Harry. He tried twice and produced only  ilver vapour. On the third attempt, he produced a Patronu , which charged down the fir t Dementor and then, with hi  encouragement, cha ed the  econd one away from hi  cou in. And that that i  what happened,' Mr . Figg fini hed,  omewhat lamely. Madam Bone  looked down at Mr . Figg in  ilence. Fudge wa  not looking at her at all, but fidgeting with hi  paper . Finally, he rai ed hi  eye  and  aid, rather aggre ively, That'  what you  aw, i  it?' That i  what happened,' Mr . Figg repeated. 'Very well,'  aid Fudge. 'You may go.' Mr . Figg ca t a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore, then got up and  huffled otf toward  the door. Harry heard it thud  hut behind her. 'Not a very convincing witne ,'  aid Fudge loftily. 'Oh, I don't know,'  aid Madam Bone , in her booming voice. 'She certainly de cribed the effect  of a Dementor attack very accurately. And I can't imagine why  he would  ay they were there if they weren't.' 'But Dementor  wandering into a Muggle  uburb and ju t happening to come acro  a wizard?'  norted Fudge. The odd  on that mu t be very, very long. Even Bagman wouldn't have bet -' 'Oh, I don't think any of u  believe the Dementor  were there by coincidence,'  aid Dumbledore lightly. The witch  itting to the right of Fudge, with her face in  hadow, moved  lightly but everyone el e wa  quite  till and  ilent. And what i  that  uppo ed to mean?' Fudge a ked icily. 'It mean  that I think they were ordered there,'  aid Dumbledore. 'I think we might have a record of it if  omeone had ordered a pair of Dementor  to go  trolling through Little Whanging!' barked Fudge. 'Not if the Dementor  are taking order  from  omeone other than the Mini try of Magic the e day ,'  aid Dumbledore calmly. 'I have already given you my view  on thi  matter, Corneliu .' 'Ye , you have,'  aid Fudge forcefully, 'and I have no rea on to believe that your view  are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. The Dementor  remain in place in Azkaban and are doing everything we a k them to.' Then,'  aid Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, 'we mu t a k our elve  why  omebody within the Mini try ordered a pair of Dementor  into that alleyway on the  econd of Augu t.' In the complete  ilence that greeted the e word , the witch to the right of Fudge leaned forward   o that Harry  aw her for the fir t time. He thought  he looked ju t like a large, pale toad. She wa  rather  quat with a broad, flabby face, a  little neck a  Uncle Vernon and a very wide,  lack mouth. Her eye  were large, round and  lightly bulging. Even the little black velvet bow perched on top of her  hort curly hair put him in mind of a large fly  he wa  about to catch on a long  ticky tongue. The Chair recogni e  Dolore  Jane Umbridge, Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter,'  aid Fudge. The witch  poke in a fluttery, girli h, high-pitched voice that took Harry aback; he had been expecting a croak. 'I'm  ure I mu t have mi under tood you, Profe or Dumbledore,'  he  aid, with a  imper that left her big, round eye  a  cold a  ever. 'So  illy of me. But it  ounded for a teen y moment a  though you were  ugge ting that the Mini try of Magic had ordered an attack on thi  boy!' She gave a  ilvery laugh that made the hair  on the back of Harry'  neck  tand up. A few other member  of the Wizengamot laughed with her. It could not have been plainer that not one of them wa  really amu ed. 'If it i  true that the Dementor  are taking order  only from the Mini try of Magic, and it i  al o true that two Dementor  attacked Harry and hi  cou in a week ago, then it follow  logically that  omebody at the Mini try might have ordered the attack ,'  aid Dumbledore politely. 'Of cour e, the e particular Dementor  may have been out ide Mini try control -' 'There are no Dementor  out ide Mini try control!'  napped Fudge, who had turned brick red. Dumbledore inclined hi  head in a little bow. Then undoubtedly the Mini try will be making a full inquiry into why two Dementor  were  o very far from Azkaban and why they attacked without authori ation.' 'It i  not for you to decide what the Mini try of Magic doe  or doe  not do, Dumbledore!'  napped Fudge, now a  hade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would have been proud. 'Of cour e it i n't,'  aid Dumbledore mildly. 'I wa  merely expre ing my confidence that thi  matter will not go uninve ti-gated.' He glanced at Madam Bone , who readju ted her monocle and  tared back at him, frowning  lightly. 'I would remind everybody that the behaviour of the e Dementor , if indeed they are not figment  of thi  boy'  imagination, i  not the  ubject of thi  hearing!'  aid Fudge. 'We are here to examine Harry Potter'  offence  under the Decree for the Rea onable Re triction of Underage Sorcery!' 'Of cour e we are,'  aid Dumbledore, 'but the pre ence of Dementor  in that alleyway i  highly relevant. Clau e Seven of the Decree  tate  that magic may be u ed before Muggle  in exceptional circum tance , and a  tho e exceptional circum tance  include  ituation  which threaten the life of the wizard or witch him- or her elf, or any witche , wizard  or Muggle  pre ent at the time of the -' 'We are familiar with Clau e Seven, thank you very much!'  narled Fudge. 'Of cour e you are,'  aid Dumbledore courteou ly. Then we are in agreement that Harry  u e of the Patronu  Charm in the e circum tance  fall  preci ely into the category of exceptional circum tance  the clau e de cribe ?' 'If there were Dementor , which I doubt.' 'You have heard it from an eyewitne ,' Dumbledore interrupted. 'If you  till doubt her truthfulne , call her back, que tion her again. I am  ure  he would not object.' 'I - that - not -' blu tered Fudge, fiddling with the paper  before him. 'It'  - I want thi  over with today, Dumbledore!' 'But naturally, you would not care how many time  you heard from a witne , if the alternative wa  a  eriou  mi carriage of ju tice,'  aid Dumbledore. 'Seriou  mi carriage, my hat!'  aid Fudge at the top of hi  voice. 'Have you ever bothered to tot up the number of cock-and-bull  torie  thi  boy ha  come out with, Dumbledore, while trying to cover up hi  flagrant mi u e of magic out of  chool? I  uppo e you've forgotten the Hover Charm he u ed three year  ago -' That wa n't me, it wa  a hou e-elf!'  aid Harry. 'YOU SEE?' roared Fudge, ge turing flamboyantly in Harry'  direction. 'A hou e-elf! In a Muggle hou e! I a k you.' The hou e-elfin que tion i  currently in the employ of Hogwart  School,'  aid Dumbledore. 'I can  ummon him here in an in tant to give evidence if you wi h." 'I - not - I haven't got time to li ten to hou e-elve ! Anyway, that'  not the only - he blew up hi  aunt, for God'   ake!' Fudge  houted, banging hi  fi t on the judge'  bench and up etting a bottle of ink. 'And you very kindly did not pre  charge  on that occa ion, accepting, I pre ume, that even the be t wizard  cannot alway  control their emotion ,'  aid Dumbledore calmly, a  Fudge attempted to  crub the ink off hi  note . 'And I haven't even  tarted on what he get  up to at  chool.' 'But, a  the Mini try ha  no authority to puni h Hogwart   tudent  for mi demeanour  at  chool, Harry'  behaviour there i  not relevant to thi  hearing,'  aid Dumbledore, a  politely a  ever, but now with a  ugge tion of coolne  behind hi  word . 'Oho!'  aid Fudge. 'Not our bu ine  what he doe  at  chool, eh? You think  o?' The Mini try doe  not have the power to expel Hogwart   tudent , Corneliu , a  I reminded you on the night of the  econd of Augu t,'  aid Dumbledore. 'Nor doe  it have the right to confi cate wand  until charge  have been  ucce fully proven; again, a  I reminded you on the night of the  econd of Augu t. In your admirable ha te to en ure that the law i  upheld, you appear, inadvertently I am  ure, to have overlooked a few law  your elf.' 'Law  can be changed,'  aid Fudge  avagely. 'Of cour e they can,'  aid Dumbledore, inclining hi  head. 'And vou certainly  eem to be making many change , Corneliu . Why, in the few  hort week   ince I wa  a ked to leave the Wizengamot, it ha  already become the practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a  imple matter of underage magic!' A few of the wizard  above them  hifted uncomfortably in their  eat . Fudge turned a  lightly deeper  hade of puce. The toadlike witch on hi  right, however, merely gazed at Dumbledore, her face quite expre ionle . 'A  far a  I am aware,' Dumbledore continued, 'there i  no law yet in place that  ay  thi  court'  job i  to puni h Harry for every bit of magic he ha  ever performed. He ha  been charged with a  pecific offence and he ha  pre ented hi  defence. All he and I can do now i  to await your verdict.' Dumbledore put hi  fingertip  together again and  aid no more. Fudge glared at him, evidently incen ed. Harry glanced  ideway  at Dumbledore,  eeking rea urance; he wa  not at all  ure that Dumbledore wa  right in telling the Wizengamot, in effect, that it wa  about time they made a deci ion. Again, however, Dumbledore  eemed obliviou  to Harry'  attempt to catch hi  eye. He continued to look up at the benche  where the entire Wizengamot had fallen into urgent, whi pered conver ation . Harry looked at hi  feet. Hi  heart, which  eemed to have  wollen to an unnatural  ize, wa  thumping loudly under hi  rib . He had expected the hearing to la t longer than thi . He wa  not at all  ure that he had made a good impre ion. He had not really  aid very much. He ought to have explained more fully about the Dementor , about how he had fallen over, about how both he and Dudley had nearly been ki ed… Twice he looked up at Fudge and opened hi  mouth to  peak, but hi   wollen heart wa  now con tricting hi  air pa age  and both time  he merely took a deep breath and looked back down at hi   hoe . Then the whi pering  topped. Harry wanted to look up at the judge , but found that it wa  really much, much ea ier to keep examining hi  lace . Tho e in favour of clearing the witne  of all charge ?'  aid Madam Bone  booming voice. Harry  head jerked upward . There were hand  in the air, many of them… more than half! Breathing very fa t, he tried to count, but before he could fini h, Madam Bone  had  aid, 'And tho e in favour of conviction?' Fudge rai ed hi  hand;  o did half a dozen other , including the witch on hi  right and the heavily-mou tached wizard and the frizzy-haired witch in the  econd row. Fudge glanced around at them all, looking a  though there wa   omething large  tuck in hi  throat, then lowered hi  own hand. He took two deep breath  and  aid, in a voice di torted by  uppre ed rage, 'Very well, very well… cleared of all charge .' 'Excellent,'  aid Dumbledore bri kly,  pringing to hi  feet, pulling out hi  wand and cau ing the two chintz armchair  to vani h. 'Well, I mu t be getting along. Good-day to you all.' And without looking once at Harry, he  wept from the dungeon. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 9 - The Woe  of Mr . Wea ley Dumbledore'  abrupt departure took Harry completely by  urpri e. He remained  itting where he wa  in the chained chair,  truggling with hi  feeling  of  hock and relief. The Wizengamot were all getting to their feet, talking, gathering up their paper  and packing them away. Harry  tood up. Nobody  eemed to be paying him the  lighte t bit of attention, except the toadlike witch on Fudge'  right, who wa  now gazing down at him in tead of at Dumbledore. Ignoring her, he tried to catch Fudge'  eye, or Madam Bone ' , wanting to a k whether he wa  free to go, but Fudge  eemed quite determined not to notice Harry, and Madam Bone  wa  bu y with her briefca e,  o he took a few tentative  tep  toward  the exit and, when nobody called him back, broke into a very fa t walk. He took the la t few  tep  at a run, wrenched open the door and almo t collided with Mr Wea ley, who wa   tanding right out ide, looking pale and apprehen ive. 'Dumbledore didn't  ay -' 'Cleared,' Harry  aid, pulling the door clo ed behind him, 'of all charge !' Beaming, Mr Wea ley  eized Harry by the  houlder . 'Harry, that'  wonderful! Well, of cour e, they couldn't have found you guilty, not on the evidence, but even  o, I can't pretend I wa n't -' But Mr Wea ley broke off, becau e the courtroom door had ju t opened again. The Wizengamot were filing out. 'Merlin'  beard!' exclaimed Mr Wea ley wonderingly, pulling Harry a ide to let them all pa . 'You were tried by the full court?' 'I think  o,'  aid Harry quietly. One or two of the wizard  nodded to Harry a  they pa ed and a few, including Madam Bone ,  aid, 'Morning, Arthur,' to Mr Wea ley, but mo t averted their eye . Corneliu  Fudge and the toadlike witch were almo t the la t to leave the dungeon. Fudge acted a  though Mr Wea ley and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almo t apprai ingly at Harry a   he pa ed. La t of all to pa  wa  Percy. Like Fudge, he completely ignored hi  father and Harry; he marched pa t clutching a large roll of parchment and a handful of  pare quill , hi  back rigid and hi  no e in the air. The line  around Mr Wea ley  mouth tightened  lightly, but other than thi  he gave no  ign that he had  een hi  third  on. 'I'm going to take you  traight back  o you can tell the other  the good new ,' he  aid, beckoning Harry forward  a  Percy'  heel  di appeared up the  tep  to Level Nine. Til drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on…" 'So, what will you have to do about the toilet?' Harry a ked, grinning. Everything  uddenly  eemed five time  funnier than u ual. It wa   tarting to  ink in: he wa  cleared, he wa  going back to Hogwart . 'Oh, it  a  imple enough anti-jinx,'  aid Mr Wea ley a  they mounted the  tair , 'but it'  not  o much having to repair the damage, it  more the attitude behind the vandali m, Harry. Muggle-baiting might  trike  ome wizard  a  funny, but it'  an expre ion of  omething much deeper and na tier, and I for one -' Mr Wea ley broke off in mid- entence. They had ju t reached the ninth-level corridor and Corneliu  Fudge wa   tanding a few feet away from them, talking quietly to a tall man with  leek blond hair and a pointed, pale face. The  econd man turned at the  ound of their foot tep . He, too, broke off in mid-conver ation, hi  cold grey eye  narrowed and fixed upon Harry'  face. 'Well, well, well… Patronu  Potter,'  aid Luciu  Malfoy coolly. Harry felt winded, a  though he had ju t walked into  omething  olid. He had la t  een tho e cold grey eye  through  lit  in a Death Eater  hood, and la t heard that man'  voice jeering in a dark graveyard while Lord Voldemort tortured him. Harry could not believe that Luciu  Malfoy dared look him in the face; he could not believe that he wa  here, in the Mini try of Magic, or that Corneliu  Fudge wa  talking to him, when Harry had told Fudge mere week  ago that Malfoy wa  a Death Eater. 'The Mini ter wa  ju t telling me about your lucky e cape, Potter,' drawled Mr Malfoy. 'Quite a toni hing, the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight hole …  nakelike, in fact.' Mr Wea ley gripped Harry'   houlder in warning. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, 'yeah, I'm good at e caping.' Luciu  Malfoy rai ed hi  eye  to Mr Wea ley'  face. 'And Arthur Wea ley too! What are you doing here, Arthur?' 'I work here,'  aid Mr Wea ley curtly. 'Not here,  urely?'  aid Mr Malfoy, rai ing hi  eyebrow  and glancing toward  the door over Mr Wea ley'   houlder. 'I thought you were up on the  econd floor… don't you do  omething that involve   neaking Muggle artefact  home and bewitching them?' 'No,' Mr Wea ley  napped, hi  finger  now biting into Harry   houlder. What are you doing here, anyway?' Harry a ked Luciu  Malfoy. 'I don't think private matter  between my elf and the Mini ter are any concern of your , Potter,'  aid Malfoy,  moothing the front of hi  robe . Harry di tinctly heard the gentle clinking of what  ounded like a full pocket of gold. 'Really, ju t becau e you are Dumbledore'  favourite boy, you mu t not expect the  ame indulgence from the re t of u …  hall we go up to your office, then, Mini ter?' 'Certainly'  aid Fudge, turning hi  back on Harry and Mr Wea ley. Thi  way, Luciu .' They  trode off together, talking in low voice . Mr Wea ley did not let go of Harry'   houlder until they had di appeared into the lift. Why wa n't he waiting out ide Fudge'  office if they've got bu ine  to do together?' Harry bur t out furiou ly. What wa  he doing down here?' 'Trying to  neak down to the courtroom, if you a k me,'  aid Mr Wea ley, looking extremely agitated and glancing over hi   houlder a  though making  ure they could not be overheard. Trying One or two of the wizard  nodded to Harry a  they pa ed and a few, including Madam Bone ,  aid, 'Morning, Arthur,' to Mr Wea ley, but mo t averted their eye . Corneliu  Fudge and the toadlike witch were almo t the la t to leave the dungeon. Fudge acted a  though Mr Wea ley and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almo t apprai ingly at Harry a   he pa ed. La t of all to pa  wa  Percy. Like Fudge, he completely ignored hi  father and Harry; he marched pa t clutching a large roll of parchment and a handful of  pare quill , hi  back rigid and hi  no e in the air. The line  around Mr Wea ley'  mouth tightened  lightly, but other than thi  he gave no  ign that he had  een hi  third  on. 'I'm going to take you  traight back  o you can tell the other  the good new ,' he  aid, beckoning Harry forward  a  Percy'  heel  di appeared up the  tep  to Level Nine. Til drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on…" 'So, what will you have to do about the toilet?' Harry a ked, grinning. Everything  uddenly  eemed five time  funnier than u ual. It wa   tarting to  ink in: he wa  cleared, he wa  going back to Hogwart . 'Oh, it'  a  imple enough anti-jinx,'  aid Mr Wea ley a  they mounted the  tair , 'but it'  not  o much having to repair the damage, it'  more the attitude behind the vandali m, Harry. Muggle-baiting might  trike  ome wizard  a  funny, but it'  an expre ion of  omething much deeper and na tier, and I for one -' Mr Wea ley broke off in mid- entence. They had ju t reached the ninth-level corridor and Corneliu  Fudge wa   tanding a few feet away from them, talking quietly to a tall man with  leek blond hair and a pointed, pale face. The  econd man turned at the  ound of their foot tep . He, too, broke off in mid-conver ation, hi  cold grey eye  narrowed and fixed upon Harry'  face. 'Well, well, well… Patronu  Potter,'  aid Luciu  Malfoy coolly. Harry felt winded, a  though he had ju t walked into  omething  olid. He had la t  een tho e cold grey eye  through  lit  in a Death Eater  hood, and la t heard that man'  voice jeering in a dark graveyard while Lord Voldemort tortured him. Harry could not believe that Luciu  Malfoy dared look him in the face; he could not believe that he wa  here, in the Mini try of Magic, or that Corneliu  Fudge wa  talking to him, when Harry had told Fudge mere week  ago that Malfoy wa  a Death Eater. The Mini ter wa  ju t telling me about your lucky e cape, Potter,' drawled Mr Malfoy. 'Quite a toni hing, the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight hole …  nakdike, in fact.' Mr Wea ley gripped Harry'   houlder in warning. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, 'yeah, I'm good at e caping.' Luciu  Malfoy rai ed hi  eye  to Mr Wea ley'  face. 'And Arthur Wea ley too! What are you doing here, Arthur?' 'I work here,'  aid Mr Wea ley curtly. 'Not here,  urely?'  aid Mr Malfoy, rai ing hi  eyebrow  and glancing toward  the door over Mr Wea ley'   houlder. 'I thought you were up on the  econd floor… don't you do  omething that involve   neaking Muggle artefact  home and bewitching them?' 'No,' Mr Wea ley  napped, hi  finger  now biting into Harry'   houlder. 'What are you doing here, anyway?' Harry a ked Luciu  Malfoy. 'I don't think private matter  between my elf and the Mini ter are any concern of your , Potter,'  aid Malfoy,  moothing the front of hi  robe . Harry di tinctly heard the gentle clinking of what  ounded like a full pocket of gold. 'Really, ju t becau e you are Dumbledore'  favourite boy, you mu t not expect the  ame indulgence from the re t of u …  hall we go up to your office, then, Mini ter?' 'Certainly'  aid Fudge, turning hi  back on Harry and Mr Wea ley. Thi  way, Luciu .' They  trode off together, talking in low voice . Mr Wea ley did not let go of Harry'   houlder until they had di appeared into the lift. 'Why wa n't he waiting out ide Fudge'  office if they've got bu ine  to do together?' Harry bur t out furiou ly. 'What wa  he doing down here?' 'Trying to  neak down to the courtroom, if you a k me,'  aid Mr Wea ley, looking extremely agitated and glancing over hi   houlder a  though making  ure they could not be overheard. Trying to find out whether you'd been expelled or not. I'll leave a note for Dumbledore when I drop you off, he ought to know Malfoy  been talking to Fudge again.' 'What private bu ine  have they got together, anyway?' 'Gold, I expect,'  aid Mr Wea ley angrily. 'Malfoy'  been giving generou ly to all  ort  of thing  for year … get  him in with the right people… then he can a k favour … delay law  he doe n't want pa ed… oh, he'  very well-connected, Luciu  Malfoy.' The lift arrived; it wa  empty except for a flock of memo  that flapped around Mr Wea ley'  head a  he pre ed the button for the Atrium and the door  clanged  hut. He waved them away irritably. 'Mr Wea ley'  aid Harry  lowly, 'if Fudge i  meeting Death Eater  like Malfoy, if he'   eeing them alone, how do we know they haven't put the Imperiu  Cur e on him?' 'Don't think it ha n't occurred to u , Harry'  aid Mr Wea ley quietly. 'But Dumbledore think  Fudge i  acting of hi  own accord at the moment - which, a  Dumbledore  ay , i  not a lot of comfort. Be t not talk about it any more ju t now, Harry.' The door   lid open and they  tepped out into the now almo t-de erted Atrium. Eric the watchwizard wa  hidden behind hi  Daily Prophet again. They had walked  traight pa t the golden fountain before Harry remembered. 'Wait…' he told Mr Wea ley, and, pulling hi  moneybag Irom hi  pocket, he turned back to the fountain. He looked up into the hand ome wizard'  face, but clo e-to Harry thought he looked rather weak and fooli h. The witch wa  wearing a vapid  mile like a beauty conte tant, and from what Harry knew of goblin  and centaur , they were mo t unlikely to be caught  taring  o  oppily at human  of any de cription. Only the hou e-elf'  attitude of creeping  ervility looked convincing. With a grin at the thought of what Hermione would  ay if  he could  ee the  tatue of the elf, Harry turned hi  moneybag up ide-down and emptied not ju t ten Galleon , but the whole content  into the pool. * 'I knew it!' yelled Ron, punching the air. 'You alway  get away with  tuff!' They were bound to clear you,'  aid Hermione, who had looked po itively faint with anxiety when Harry had entered the kitchen and wa  now holding a  haking hand over her eye , 'there wa  no ca e again t you, none at all.' 'Everyone  eem  quite relieved, though, con idering you all knew I'd get off,'  aid Harry,  miling. Mr . Wea ley wa  wiping her face on her apron, and Fred, George and Ginny were doing a kind of war dance to a chant that went: 'He got off, he got off, he got off…" That'  enough! Settle down!'  houted Mr Wea ley, though he too wa   miling. 'Li ten, Siriu , Luciu  Malfoy wa  at the Mini try -' 'What?'  aid Siriu   harply. 'He got off, he got off, he got off…" 'Be quiet, you three! Ye , we  aw him talking to Fudge on Level Nine, then they went up to Fudge'  office together. Dumbledore ought to know.' 'Ab olutely,'  aid Siriu . 'We'll tell him, don't worry.' 'Well, I'd better get going, there'  a vomiting toilet waiting for me in Bethnal Green. Molly, I'll be late, I'm covering for Tonk , but King ley might be dropping in for dinner -' 'He got off, he got off, he got off…" That'  enough - Fred - George - Ginny!'  aid Mr . Wea ley, a  Mr Wea ley left the kitchen. 'Harry, dear, come and  it down, have  ome lunch, you hardly ate breakfa t.' Ron and Hermione  at them elve  down oppo ite him, looking happier than they had done  ince he had fir t arrived at Grimmauld Place, and Harry'  feeling of giddy relief, which had been  omewhat dented by hi  encounter with Luciu  Malfoy,  welled again. The gloomy hou e  eemed warmer and more welcoming all of a  udden; even Kreacher looked le  ugly a  he poked hi   noutlike no e into the kitchen to inve tigate the  ource of all the noi e. 'Cour e, once Dumbledore turned up on your  ide, there wa  no way they were going to convict you,'  aid Ron happily, now di hing great mound  of ma hed potato on to everyone'  plate . 'Yeah, he  wung it for me,'  aid Harry. He felt it would  ound highly ungrateful, not to mention childi h, to  ay, 'I wi h he'd talked to me, though. Or even looked at me.' And a  he thought thi , the  car on hi  forehead burned  o badly that he clapped hi  hand to it. 'What'  up?'  aid Hermione, looking alarmed. 'Scar,' Harry mumbled. 'But it'  nothing… it happen  all the time now…' None of the other  had noticed a thing; all of them were now helping them elve  to food while gloating over Harry  narrow e cape; Fred, George and Ginny were  till  inging. Hermione looked rather anxiou , but before  he could  ay anything, Ron had  aid happily, 'I bet Dumbledore turn  up thi  evening, to celebrate with u , you know.' 'I don't think he'll be able to, Ron,'  aid Mr . Wea ley,  etting a huge plate of roa t chicken down in front of Harry. 'He'  really very bu y at the moment.' 'HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF 'SHUT UP!' roared Mr . Wea ley. * Over the next few day  Harry could not help noticing that there wa  one per on within number twelve, Grimmauld Place, who did not  eem wholly overjoyed that he would be returning to Hogwart . Siriu  had put up a very good  how of happine  on fir t hearing the new , wringing Harry'  hand and beaming ju t like the re t of them. Soon, however, he wa  moodier and  urlier than before, talking le  to everybody, even Harry, and  pending increa ing amount  of time  hut up in hi  mother'  room with Buckbeak. 'Don't you go feeling guilty!'  aid Hermione  ternly, after Harry had confided  ome of hi  feeling  to her and Ron while they  crubbed out a mouldy cupboard on the third floor a few day  later. 'You belong at Hogwart  and Siriu  know  it. Per onally, I think he'  being  elfi h.' That'  a bit har h, Hermione,'  aid Ron, frowning a  he attempted to pri e off a bit of mould that had attached it elf firmly to hi  finger, 'you wouldn't want to be  tuck in ide thi  hou e without any company.' 'He'll have company!'  aid Hermione. 'It'  Headquarter  to the Order of the Phoenix, i n't it? He ju t got hi  hope  up that Harry would be coming to live here with him.' don't think that'  true/  aid Harry, wringing out hi  cloth. 'He wouldn't give me a  traight an wer when I a ked him if I could.' 'He ju t didn't want to get hi  own hope  up even more,'  aid Hermione wi ely. 'And he probably felt a bit guilty him elf, becau e I think a part of him wa  really hoping you'd be expelled. Then you'd both be outca t  together.' 'Come off it!'  aid Harry and Ron together, but Hermione merely  hrugged. 'Suit your elve . But I  ometime  think Ron  mum  right and Siriu  get  confu ed about whether you're you or your father, Harry.' 'So you think he'  touched in the head?'  aid Harry heatedly. 'No, I ju t think he'  been very lonely for a long time,'  aid Hermione  imply. At thi  point, Mr . Wea ley entered the bedroom behind them. 'Still not fini hed?'  he  aid, poking her head into the cupboard. 'I thought you might be here to tell u  to have a break!'  aid Ron bitterly. 'D'you know how much mould we've got rid of  ince we arrived here?' 'You were  o keen to help the Order,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, 'you can do your bit by making Headquarter  fit to live in.' 'I feel like a hou e-elf,' grumbled Ron. 'Well, now you under tand what dreadful live  they lead, perhap  you'll be a bit more active in SPEW!'  aid Hermione hopefully, a  Mr . Wea ley left them to it. 'You know, maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to  how people exactly how horrible it i  to clean all the time - we could do a  pon ored  crub ol Gryffindor common room, all proceed  to SPEW, it would rai e awarene  a  well a  fund .' 'I'll  pon or you to  hut up about SPEW,' Ron muttered irritably, but only  o Harry could hear him. * Harry found him elf daydreaming about Hogwart  more and more a  the end of the holiday  approached; he could not wait to  ee Hagrid again, to play Quidditch, even to  troll acro  the vegetable patche  to the Herbology greenhou e ; it would be a treat ju t to leave thi  du ty, mu ty hou e, where half of the cupboard  were  till bolted  hut and Kreacher wheezed in ult  out of the  hadow  a  you pa ed, though Harry wa  careful not to  ay any of thi  within ear hot of Siriu . The fact wa  that living at the Headquarter  of the anti-Voldemort movement wa  not nearly a  intere ting or exciting a  Harry would have expected before he'd experienced it. Though member  of the Order of the Phoenix came and went regularly,  ometime   taying for meal ,  ometime  only for a few minute  of whi pered conver ation, Mr . Wea ley made  ure that Harry and the other  were kept well out of ear hot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody, not even Siriu ,  eemed to feel that Harry needed to know anything more than he had heard on the night of hi  arrival. On the very la t day of the holiday  Harry wa   weeping up Hedwig  owl dropping  from the top of the wardrobe when Ron entered their bedroom carrying a couple of envelope . 'Bookli t  have arrived,' he  aid, throwing one of the envelope  up to Harry, who wa   tanding on a chair. 'About time, I thought they'd forgotten, they u ually come much earlier than thi …" Harry  wept the la t of the dropping  into a rubbi h bag and threw the bag over Ron'  head into the wa tepaper ba ket in the corner, which  wallowed it and belched loudly. He then opened hi  letter. It contained two piece  of parchment: one the u ual reminder that term  tarted on the fir t of September; the other telling him which book  he would need for the coming year. 'Only two new one ,' he  aid, reading the li t, The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 5, by Miranda Go hawk, and Defen ive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard.' Crack. Fred and George Apparated right be ide Harry. He wa   o u ed to them doing thi  by now that he didn't even fall off hi  chair. 'We were ju t wondering who  et the Slinkhard book,'  aid Fred conver ationally. 'Becau e it mean  Dumbledore'  found a new Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher,'  aid George. 'And about time too,'  aid Fred. 'What d'you mean?' Harry a ked, jumping down be ide them. 'Well, we overheard Mum and Dad talking on the Extendable Ear  a few week  back,' Fred told Harry, 'and from what they were  aying, Dumbledore wa  having real trouble finding anyone to do the job thi  year. 'Not  urpri ing, i  it, when you look at what'  happened to the la t four?'  aid George. 'One  acked, one dead, one'  memory removed and one locked in a trunk for nine month ,'  aid Harry, counting them off on hi  finger . 'Yeah, I  ee what you mean.' 'What'  up with you, Ron?' a ked Fred. Ron did not an wer. Harry looked round. Ron wa   tanding very  till with hi  mouth  lightly open, gaping at hi  letter from Hogwart . 'What'  the matter?'  aid Fred impatiently, moving around Ron to look over hi   houlder at the parchment. Fred'  mouth fell open, too. 'Prefect?' he  aid,  taring incredulou ly at the letter. 'Prefect?' George leapt forward ,  eized the envelope in Ron'  other hand and turned it up ide-down. Harry  aw  omething  carlet and gold fall into George'  palm. 'No way,'  aid George in a hu hed voice. There'  been a mi take,'  aid Fred,  natching the letter out of Ron'  gra p and holding it up to the light a  though checking for a watermark. 'No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect.' The twin ' head  turned in uni on and both of them  tared at Harry. 'We thought you were a cert!'  aid Fred, in a tone that  ugge ted Harry had tricked them in  ome way. 'We thought Dumbledore wa  bound to pick you!'  aid George indignantly. 'Winning the Triwizard and everything!'  aid Fred. 'I  uppo e all the mad  tuff mu t've counted again t him,'  aid George to Fred. 'Yeah,'  aid Fred  lowly. 'Yeah, you've cau ed too much trouble, mate. Well, at lea t one of you'  got their prioritie  right.' He  trode over to Harry and clapped him on the back while giving Ron a  cathing look. 'Prefect… ickle Ronnie the Prefect.' 'Ohh, Mum'  going to be revolting,' groaned George, thru ting the prefect badge back at Ron a  though it might contaminate him. Ron, who  till had not  aid a word, took the badge,  tared at it for a moment, then held it out to Harry a  though a king mutely for confirmation that it wa  genuine. Harry took it. A large T' wa   uperimpo ed on the Gryffindor lion. He had  een a badge ju t like thi  on Percy  che t on hi  very fir t day at Hogwart . The door banged open. Hermione came tearing into the room, her cheek  flu hed and her hair flying. There wa  an envelope in her hand. 'Did you - did you get -?' She  potted the badge in Harry'  hand and let out a  hriek. '] knew it!'  he  aid excitedly, brandi hing her letter. 'Me too, Harry, me too!' 'No,'  aid Harry quickly, pu hing the badge back into Ron'  hand. 'It'  Ron, not me.' : 'It - what?' i- 'Ron'  prefect, not me,' Harry  aid. 'Ron?'  aid Hermione, her jaw dropping. 'But… are you  ure? I mean -' She turned red a  Ron looked round at her with a defiant expre ion on hi  face. 'It  my name on the letter,' he  aid. 'I…'  aid Hermione, looking thoroughly bewildered. '1… well… wow! Well done, Ron! That'  really -' 'Unexpected,'  aid George, nodding. 'No,'  aid Hermione, blu hing harder than ever, 'no it'  not… Ron'  done load  of… he'  really…' The door behind her opened a little wider and Mr . Wea ley backed into the room carrying a pile of fre hly laundered robe . 'Ginny  aid the bookli t  had come at la t,'  he  aid, glancing around at all the envelope  a   he made her way over to the bed and  tarted  orting the robe  into two pile . 'If you give them to me I'll take them over to Diagon Alley thi  afternoon and get your book  while you're packing. Ron, I'll have to get you more pyjama , the e are at lea t  ix inche  too  hort, I can't believe how fa t you're growing… what colour would you like?' Tut WOES OF MRS. WEASLEY 'Get him red and gold to match hi  badge,'  aid George,  mirking. 'Match hi  what?'  aid Mr . Wea ley ab ently, rolling up a pair of maroon  ock  and placing them on Ron'  pile. 'Hi  badge,'  aid Fred, with the air of getting the wor t over quickly. 'Hi  lovely  hiny new prefect'  badge.' Fred'  word  took a moment to penetrate Mr . Wea ley'  preoccupation with pyjama . 'Hi … but… Ron, you're not…?' Ron held up hi  badge. Mr . Wea ley let out a  hriek ju t like Hermione' . 'I don't believe it! I don't believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That'  everyone in the family!' 'What are Fred and I, next-door neighbour ?'  aid George indignantly, a  hi  mother pu hed him a ide and flung her arm  around her younge t  on. 'Wait until your father hear ! Ron, I'm  o proud of you, what wonderful new , you could end up Head Boy ju t like Bill and Percy, it'  the fir t  tep! Oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of all thi  worry, I'm ju t thrilled, oh, Ronnie — Fred and George were both making loud retching noi e  behind her back but Mr . Wea ley did not notice; arm  tight around Ron'  neck,  he wa  ki ing him all over hi  face, which had turned a brighter  carlet than hi  badge. 'Mum… don't… Mum, get a grip…' he muttered, trying to pu h her away. She let go of him and  aid breathle ly, 'Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but you've already got one, of cour e.' W-what do you mean?'  aid Ron, looking a  though he did not dare believe hi  ear . 'You've got to have a reward for thi !'  aid Mr . Wea ley fondly. 'How about a nice new  et of dre  robe ?' 'We've already bought him  ome,'  aid Fred  ourly, who looked a  though he  incerely regretted thi  genero ity. 'Or a new cauldron, Charlie  old one'  ru ting through, or a new rat, you alway  liked Scabber  -' 'Mum,'  aid Ron hopefully, 'can I have a new broom?' Mr . Wea ley'  face fell  lightly; broom tick  were expen ive. 'Not a really good one!' Ron ha tened to add. 'Ju t -ju t a new one for a change…" Mr . Wea ley he itated, then  miled. 'Of cour e you can… well, I'd better get going if I've got a broom to buy too. I'll  ee you all later… little Ronnie, a prefect! And don't forget to pack your trunk … a prefect… oh, I'm all of a dither!' She gave Ron yet another ki  on the cheek,  niffed loudly, and bu tled from the room. Fred and George exchanged look . 'You don't mind if we don't ki  you, do you, Ron?'  aid Fred in a fal ely anxiou  voice. 'We could curt ey, if you like,'  aid George. 'Oh,  hut up,'  aid Ron,  cowling at them. 'Or what?'  aid Fred, an evil grin  preading acro  hi  face. 'Going to put u  in detention?' I'd love to  ee him try,'  niggered George. 'He could if you don't watch out!'  aid Hermione angrily. Fred and George bur t out laughing, and Ron muttered, 'Drop it, Hermione.' 'We're going to have to watch our  tep, George,'  aid Fred, pretending to tremble, 'with the e two on our ca e…' 'Yeah, it look  like our law-breaking day  are finally over,'  aid George,  haking hi  head. And with another loud crack, the twin  Di apparated. Tho e two!'  aid Hermione furiou ly,  taring up at the ceiling, through which they could now hear Fred and George roaring with laughter in the room up tair . 'Don't pay any attention to them, Ron, they're only jealou !' 'I don't think they are,'  aid Ron doubtfully, al o looking up at the ceiling. They've alway   aid only prat  become prefect …  till,' he added on a happier note, 'they've never had new broom ! I wi h I could go with Mum and choo e…  he'll never be able to afford a Nimbu , but there'  the new Clean weep out, that'd be great… yeah, I think I'll go and tell her I like the Clean weep, ju t  o  he know  He da hed from the room, leaving Harry and Hermione alone. For  ome rea on, Harry found he did not want to look at THE WOES OF MRS. WE A SLEY 1^ Hermione. He turned to hi  bed, picked up the pile of clean robe  Mr . Wea ley had laid on it and cro ed the room to hi  trunk. 'Harry?'  aid Hermione tentatively. 'Well done, Hermione,'  aid Harry,  o heartily it did not  ound like hi  voice at all, and,  till not looking at her, 'brilliant. Prefect. Great.' Thank ,'  aid Hermione. 'Erm - Harry - could I borrow Hedwig  o I can tell Mum and Dad? They'll be really plea ed - I mean prefect i   omething they can under tand.' 'Yeah, no problem,'  aid Harry,  till in the horrible hearty voice that did not belong to him. Take her!' He leaned over hi  trunk, laid the robe  on the bottom of it and pretended to be rummaging for  omething while Hermione cro ed to the wardrobe and called Hedwig down. A few moment  pa ed; Harry heard the door clo e but remained bent double, li tening; the only  ound  he could hear were the blank picture on the wall  niggering again and the wa tepaper ba ket in the corner coughing up the owl dropping . He  traightened up and looked behind him. Hermione had left and Hedwig had gone. Harry hurried acro  the room, clo ed the door, then returned  lowly to hi  bed and  ank on to it, gazing un eeingly at the foot of the wardrobe. He had forgotten completely about prefect  being cho en in the fifth year. He had been too anxiou  about the po ibility of being expelled to  pare a thought for the fact that badge  mu t be winging their way toward  certain people. But if he had remembered… if he had thought about it… what would he have expected? Not thi ,  aid a  mall and truthful voice in ide hi  head. Harry  crewed up hi  face and buried it in hi  hand . He could not lie to him elf; if he had known the prefect badge wa  on it  way, he would have expected it to come to him, not Ron. Did thi  make him a  arrogant a  Draco Malfoy? Did he think him elf  uperior to everyone el e? Did he really believe he wa  better than Ron? No,  aid the  mall voice defiantly. Wa  that true? Harry wondered, anxiou ly probing hi  own feeling . I'm better at Quidditch,  aid the voice. But I'm not better at anything el e. That wa  definitely true, Harry thought; he wa  no better than Ron in le on . But what about out ide le on ? What about tho e adventure  he, Ron and Hermione had had together  ince  tarting at Hogwart , often ri king much wor e than expul ion? Well, Ron and Hermione were with me mo t of the time,  aid the voice in Harry'  head. Not all the time, though, Harry argued with him elf. They didn't fight Quirrell with me. They didn't take on Riddle and the Ba ili k. They didn't get rid of all tho e Dementor  the night Siriu  e caped. They weren't in that graveyard with me, the night Voldemort returned… And the  ame feeling of ill-u age that had overwhelmed him on the night he had arrived ro e again. I've definitely done more, Harry thought indignantly. I've done more than either of them! But maybe,  aid the  mall voice fairly, maybe Dumbledore doe n't choo e prefect  becau e they've got them elve  into a load of dangerou   ituation … maybe he choo e  them for other rea on … Ron mu t have  omething you don't… Harry opened hi  eye  and  tared through hi  finger  at the wardrobe'  clawed feet, remembering what Fred had  aid: 'No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect…' Harry gave a  mall  nort of laughter. A  econd later he felt  ickened with him elf. Ron had not a ked Dumbledore to give him the prefect badge. Thi  wa  not Ron'  fault. Wa  he, Harry, Ron'  be t friend in the world, going to  ulk becau e he didn't have a badge, laugh with the twin  behind Ron'  back, ruin thi  for Ron when, for the fir t time, he had beaten Harry at  omething? At thi  point Harry heard Ron'  foot tep  on the  tair  again. He  tood up,  traightened hi  gla e , and hitched a grin on to hi  face a  Ron bounded back through the door. 'Ju t caught her!' he  aid happily. 'She  ay   he'll get the Clean weep if  he can.' 'Cool,' Harry  aid, and he wa  relieved to hear that hi  voice had  topped  ounding hearty. 'Li ten - Ron - well done, mate.' The  mile faded off Ron'  face. 'I never thought it would be me!' he  aid,  haking hi  head. 'I thought it would be you!' 'Nah, I've cau ed too much trouble,' Harry  aid, echoing Fred. 'Yeah,'  aid Ron, 'yeah, I  uppo e… well, we'd better get our trunk  packed, hadn't we?' It wa  odd how widely their po e ion   eemed to have  cattered them elve   ince they had arrived. It took them mo t of the afternoon to retrieve their book  and belonging  from all over the hou e and  tow them back in ide their  chool trunk . Harry noticed that Ron kept moving hi  prefect  badge around, fir t placing it on hi  bed ide table, then putting it into hi  jean  pocket, then taking it out and lying it on hi  folded robe , a  though to  ee the effect of the red on the black. Only when Fred and George dropped in and offered to attach it to hi  forehead with a Permanent Sticking Charm did he wrap it tenderly in hi  maroon  ock  and lock it in hi  trunk. Mr . Wea ley returned from Diagon Alley around  ix o'clock, laden with book  and carrying a long package wrapped in thick brown paper that Ron took from her with a moan of longing. 'Never mind unwrapping it now, people are arriving for dinner, I want you all down tair ,'  he  aid, but the moment  he wa  out of  ight Ron ripped off the paper in a frenzy and examined every inch of hi  new broom, an ec tatic expre ion on hi  face. Down in the ba ement Mr . Wea ley had hung a  carlet banner over the heavily laden dinner table, which read: CONGRATULATIONS RON AND HERMIONE NEW PREFECTS She looked in a better mood than Harry had  een her all holiday. 'I thought we'd have a little party, not a  it-down dinner,'  he told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George and Ginny a  they entered the room. 'Your father and Bill are on their way, Ron. I've  ent them both owl  and they're thrilled,'  he added, beaming. Fred rolled hi  eye . Siriu , Lupin, Tonk  and King ley Shacklebolt were already there and Mad-Eye Moody  tumped in  hortly after Harry had got him elf a Butterbeer. 'Oh, Ala tor, I am glad you're here,'  aid Mr . Wea ley brightly, a  Mad-Eye  hrugged off hi  travelling cloak. 'We've been wanting to a k you for age  - could you have a look in the writing de k in the drawing room and tell u  what'  in ide it? We haven't wanted to open it ju t in ca e it'   omething really na ty.' 'No problem, Molly…' Moody'  electric-blue eye  wivelled upward  and  tared fixedly through the ceiling of the kitchen. 'Drawing room…' he growled, a  the pupil contracted. 'De k in the corner? Yeah, I  ee it… yeah, it'  a Boggart… want me to go up and get rid of it, Molly?' 'No, no, I'll do it my elf later,' beamed Mr . Wea ley, 'you have your drink. We're having a little bit of a celebration, actually…' She ge tured at the  carlet banner. 'Fourth prefect in the family!'  he  aid fondly, ruffling Ron'  hair. 'Prefect, eh?' growled Moody, hi  normal eye on Ron and hi  magical eye  wivelling around to gaze into the  ide of hi  head. Harry had the very uncomfortable feeling it wa  looking at him and moved away toward  Siriu  and Lupin. Well, congratulation ,'  aid Moody,  till glaring at Ron with hi  normal eye, 'authority figure  alway  attract trouble, but I  uppo e Dumbledore think  you can with tand mo t major jinxe  or he wouldn't have appointed you…' Ron looked rather  tartled at thi  view of the matter but wa   aved the trouble of re ponding by the arrival of hi  father and elde t brother. Mr . Wea ley wa  in  uch a good mood  he did not even complain that they had brought Mundungu  with them; he wa  wearing a long overcoat that  eemed oddly lumpy in unlikely place  and declined the offer to remove it and put it with Moody'  travelling cloak. Well, I think a toa t i  in order,'  aid Mr Wea ley, when everyone had a drink. He rai ed hi  goblet. To Ron and Hermione, the new Gryffindor prefect !' Ron and Hermione beamed a  everyone drank to them, and then applauded. 'I wa  never a prefect my elf,'  aid Tonk  brightly from behind Harry a  everybody moved toward  the table to help them elve  to food. Her hair wa  tomato red and wai t-length today;  he looked like Ginny'  older  i ter. 'My Head of Hou e  aid I lacked certain nece ary qualitie .' 'Like what?'  aid Ginny, who wa  choo ing a baked potato. 'Like the ability to behave my elf,'  aid Tonk . Ginny laughed; Hermione looked a  though  he did not know whether to  mile or not and compromi ed by taking an extra large gulp of Butterbeer and choking on it. 'What about you, Siriu ?' Ginny a ked, thumping Hermione on the back. Siriu , who wa  right be ide Harry, let out hi  u ual bark-like laugh. 'No one would have made me a prefect, I  pent too much time in detention with Jame . Lupin wa  the good boy, he got the badge.' 'I think Dumbledore might have hoped I would be able to exerci e  ome control over my be t friend ,'  aid Lupin. 'I need  carcely  ay that I failed di mally.' Harry'  mood  uddenly lifted. Hi  father had not been a prefect either. All at once the party  eemed much more enjoyable; he loaded up hi  plate, feeling doubly fond of everyone in the room. Ron wa  rhap odi ing about hi  new broom to anybody who would li ten. '… nought to  eventy in ten  econd , not bad, i  it? When you think the Comet Two Ninety'  only nought to  ixty and that'  with a decent tailwind according to Which Broom tick?' Hermione wa  talking very earne tly to Lupin about her view of elf right . 'I mean, it'  the  ame kind of non en e a  werewolf  egregation, i n't it? It all  tem  from thi  horrible thing wizard  have of thinking they're  uperior to other creature …" Mr . Wea ley and Bill were having their u ual argument about Bill'  hair. '… getting really out of hand, and you're  o good-looking, it would look much better  horter, wouldn't it, Harry?' 'Oh - I dunno -'  aid Harry,  lightly alarmed at being a ked hi  opinion; he  lid away from them in the direction of Fred and George, who were huddled in a corner with Mundungu . Mundungu   topped talking when he  aw Harry, but Fred winked and beckoned Harry clo er. 'It  OK,' he told Mundungu , 'we can tru t Harry, he'  our financial backer.' 'Look what Dung'  got u ,'  aid George, holding out hi  hand to Harry. It wa  full of what looked like  hrivelled black pod . A faint rattling noi e wa  coming from them, even though they were completely  tationary. 'Venomou  Tentacula  eed ,'  aid George. 'We need them for the Skiving Snackboxe  but they're a Cla  C Non-Tradeable Sub tance  o we've been having a bit of trouble getting hold of them.' Ten Galleon  the lot, then. Dung?'  aid Fred. 'Wiv all the trouble I went to to get 'em?'  aid Mundungu , hi   aggy, blood hot eye   tretching even wider. 'I'm  orry, lad , but I'm not taking a Knut under twenty.' 'Dung like  hi  little joke,' Fred  aid to Harry. 'Yeah, hi  be t one  o far ha  been  ix Sickle  for a bag of Knarl quill ,'  aid George. 'Be careful,' Harry warned them quietly. 'What?'  aid Fred. 'Mum'  bu y cooing over Prefect Ron, we're OK.' 'But Moody could have hi  eye on you,' Harry pointed out. Mundungu  looked nervou ly over hi   houlder. 'Good point, that,' he grunted. 'All right, lad , ten it i , if you'll take 'em quick; 'Cheer , Harry!'  aid Fred delightedly, when Mundungu  had emptied hi  pocket  into the twin ' out tretched hand  and  cuttled off toward  the food. 'We'd better get the e up tair …' Harry watched them go, feeling  lightly unea y. It had ju t occurred to him that Mr and Mr . Wea ley would want to know how Fred and George were financing their joke  hop bu ine  when, a  wa  inevitable, they finally found out about it. Giving l he twin  hi  Triwizard winning  had  eemed a  imple thing to do at the time, but what if it led to another family row and a Percy-like e trangement? Would Mr . Wea ley  till feel that Harry wa  a  Tut Woi - OF MR— WEASIEY good a  her  on il  he lound out he had made it po ible for Fred and George to  tart a career  he thought quite un uitable? Standing where the twin  had left him, with nothing but a guilty weight in the pit ol hi   tomaeh tor eompany, Harry caught the  ound ol hi  own name. King ley Shacklebolt'  deep voice wa  audible even over the  urrounding chatter. '… why Dumbledore didn't make Potter a prefect?'  aid King ley. 'He'll have had hi  rea on ,' replied Lupin. 'But it would've  hown confidence in him. It'  what I'd've done,' per i ted King ley, ' pecially with the Daily Prophet having a go at him every few day …" Harry did not look round; he did not want Lupin or King ley to know he had heard. Though not remotely hungry, he followed Mundungu  back toward  the table. Hi  plea ure in the party had evaporated a  quickly a  it had come; he wi hed he were up tair  in bed. Mad-Eye Moody wa   niffing at a chicken-leg with what remained of hi  no e; evidently he could not detect any trace of poi on, becau e he then tore a  trip off it with hi  teeth. '… the handle  made of Spani h oak with anti-jinx varni h and in-built vibration control -' Ron wa   aying to Tonk . Mr . Wea ley yawned widely. 'Well, I think I'll  ort out that Boggart before I turn in… Arthur, I don't want thi  lot up too late, all right? Night, Harry, dear.' She left the kitchen. Harry  et down hi  plate and wondered whether he could follow her without attracting attention. 'You all right, Potter?' grunted Moody. 'Yeah, fine,' lied Harry. Moody took a  wig from hi  hipfla k, hi  electric-blue eye  taring  ideway  at Harry. 'Come here, I've got  omething that might intere t you,' he  aid. From an inner pocket of hi  robe  Moody pulled a very tattered old wizarding photograph. 'Original Order of the Phoenix,' growled Moody. 'Found it la t night when I wa  looking for my  pare Invi ibility Cloak,  eeing a  Podmore ha n't had the manner  to return my be t one… thought people might like to  ee it.' Harry took the photograph. A  mall crowd of people,  ome waving at him, other  lifting their gla e , looked back up at him. There'  me,'  aid Moody, unnece arily pointing at him elf. The Moody in the picture wa  unmi takeable, though hi  hair wa   lightly le  grey and hi  no e wa  intact. 'And there'  Dumbledore be ide me, Dedalu  Diggle on the other  ide… that'  Marlene McKinnon,  he wa  killed two week  after thi  wa  taken, they got her whole family. That'  Frank and Alice Longbottom -' Harry   tomach, already uncomfortable, clenched a  he looked at Alice Longbottom; he knew her round, friendly face very well, even though he had never met her, becau e  he wa  the image of her  on, Neville. '— poor devil ,' growled Moody. 'Better dead than what happened to them… and that'  Emmeline Vance, you've met her, and that there'  Lupin, obviou ly… Benjy Fenwick, he copped it too, we only ever found bit  of him…  hift a ide there,' he added, poking the picture, and the little photographic people edged  ideway ,  o that tho e who were partially ob cured could move to the front. That'  Edgar Bone … brother of Amelia Bone , they got him and hi  family, too, he wa  a great wizard… Sturgi  Podmore, blimey, he look  young… Caradoc Dearborn, vani hed  ix month  after thi , we never found hi  body… Hagrid, of cour e, look  exactly the  ame a  ever… Elphia  Doge, you've met him, I'd forgotten he u ed to wear that  tupid hat… Gideon Prewett, it took five Death Eater  to kill him and hi  brother Fabian, they fought like heroe … budge along, budge along…' The little people in the photograph jo tled among them elve  and tho e hidden right at the back appeared at the forefront of the picture. That'  Dumbledore'  brother Aberforth, only time I ever met him,  trange bloke… that'  Dorca  Meadowe , Voldemort killed her per onally… Siriu , when he  till had  hort hair… and… there you go, thought that would intere t you!' Harry'  heart turned over. Hi  mother and father were beaming up at him,  itting on either  ide of a  mall, watery-eyed man whom Harry recogni ed at once a  Wormtail, the one who had betrayed hi  parent ' whereabout  to Voldemort and  o helped to bring about their death . 'Eh?'  aid Moody. Harry looked up into Moody'  heavily  carred and pitted face. Evidently Moody wa  under the impre ion he had ju t given Harry a bit of a treat. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, once again attempting to grin. 'Er… li ten, I've ju t remembered, I haven't packed my…' He wa   pared the trouble of inventing an object he had not packed. Siriu  had ju t  aid, 'What'  that you've got there, Mad-Eye?' and Moody had turned toward  him. Harry cro ed the kitchen,  lipped through the door and up the  tair  before anyone could call him back. He did not know why it had been  uch a  hock; he had  een picture  of hi  parent  before, after all, and he had met Wormtail but to have them  prung on him like that, when he wa  lea t expecting it… no one would like that, he thought angrily… And then, to  ee them  urrounded by all tho e other happy face … Benjy Eenwick, who had been found in bit , and Gideon Prewett, who had died like a hero, and the Longbottom , who had been tortured into madne … all waving happily out of the photograph forever more, not knowing that they were doomed… well, Moody might find that intere ting… he, Harry, found it di turbing… Harry tiptoed up the  tair  in the hall pa t the  tuffed elf-head , glad to be on hi  own again, but a  he approached the fir t landing he heard noi e . Someone wa   obbing in the drawing room. 'Hello?' Harry  aid. There wa  no an wer but the  obbing continued. He climbed the remaining  tair  two at a time, walked acro  the landing and opened the drawing-room door. Someone wa  cowering again t the dark wall, her wand in her hand, her whole body  haking with  ob . Sprawled on the du ty old carpet in a patch of moonlight, clearly dead, wa  Ron. All the air  eemed to vani h from Harry'  lung ; he felt a  though he were falling through the floor; hi  brain turned icy cold - Ron dead, no, it couldn't be - But wait a moment, it couldn't be - Ron wa  down tair  - HARRY Po i TER 'Mr . Wea ley?' Harry croaked. 'R - r - riddikulu !' Mr . Wea ley  obbed, pointing her  haking wand at Ron'  body. Crack. Ron'  body turned into Bill' ,  pread-eagled on hi  back, hi  eye  wide open and empty. Mr . Wea ley  obbed harder than ever. 'R - riddikulu !'  he  obbed again. Crack. Mr Wea ley'  body replaced Bill' , hi  gla e  a kew, a trickle of blood running down hi  face. 'No!' Mr . Wea ley moaned. 'No… riddikulu ] Riddikulu ! RID-DlKULUSr Crack. Dead twin . Crack. Dead Percy. Crack. Dead Harry… 'Mr . Wea ley, ju t get out of here!'  houted Harry,  taring down at hi  own dead body on the floor. 'Let  omeone el e -' 'What'  going on?' Lupin had come running into the room, clo ely followed by Siriu , with Moody  tumping along behind them. Lupin looked from Mr . Wea ley to the dead Harry on the tloor and  eemed to under tand in an in tant. Pulling out hi  own wand, he  aid, very ürmly and clearly: 'Riddikulu !' Harry'  body vani hed. A  ilvery orb hung in the air over the  pot where it had lain. Lupin waved hi  wand once more and the orb vani hed in a puff of  moke. 'Oh - oh - oh!' gulped Mr . Wea ley, and  he broke into a  torm of crying, her face in her hand . 'Molly,'  aid Lupin bleakly, walking over to her. 'Molly don't…" Next  econd,  he wa   obbing her heart out on Lupin'   houlder. 'Molly, it wa  ju t a Boggart,' he  aid  oothingly, patting her on the head, 'ju t a  tupid Boggart…' 'I  ee them d-d - dead all the time!' Mr . Wea ley moaned into hi   houlder. 'All the't -'t - time! I d - d - dream about it…' Siriu  wa   taring at the patch of carpet where the Boggart, pretending to be Harry'  body, had lain. Moody wa  looking at Harry, who avoided hi  gaze. He had a funny feeling Moody'  magical eye had followed him all the way out of the kitchen. THEWOFS OF MRS. WEASLEY 'D-d - don't tell Arthur,' Mr . Wea ley wa  gulping now, mopping her eye  frantically with her cuff . 'I d - d - don't want him to know… being  illy…' Lupin handed her a handkerchief and  he blew her no e. 'Harry, I'm  o  orry. What mu t you think of me?'  he  aid  hakily. 'Not even able to get rid of a Boggart…' 'Don't be  tupid,'  aid Harry, trying to  mile. 'I'm ju t'  -'  -  o worried,'  he  aid, tear   pilling out of her eye  again. 'Half the f - f - family'  in the Order, it'll b - b - be a miracle if we all come through thi … and P - P - Percy  not talking to u … what if  omething d-d - dreadful happen  and we've never in - in - made it up with him? And what'  going to happen if Arthur and I get killed, who'  g - g - going to look after Ron and Ginny?' 'Molly that'  enough;  aid Lupin firmly. 'Thi  i n't like la t time. The Order are better prepared, we've got a head  tart, we know what Voldemort  up to -' Mr . Wea ley gave a little  queak of fright at the  ound of the name. 'Oh, Molly, come on, it'  about time you got u ed to hearing hi  name - look, I can't promi e no one'  going to get hurt, nobody can promi e that, but we're much better off than we were la t time. You weren't in the Order then, you don't under tand. La t time we were outnumbered twenty to one by the Death Eater  and they were picking u  off one by one…' Harry thought of the photograph again, of hi  parent ' beaming face . He knew Moody wa   till watching him. 'Don't worry about Percy'  aid Siriu  abruptly. 'He'll come round. It'  only a matter of time before Voldemort move  into the open; once he doe , the whole Mini try'  going to be begging u  to forgive them. And I'm not  ure I'll be accepting their apology,' he added bitterly. 'And a  for who'  going to look after Ron and Ginny if you and Arthur died,'  aid Lupin,  miling  lightly, 'what do you think we'd do, let them  tarve?' Mr . Wea ley  miled tremulou ly. 'Being  illy,'  he muttered again, mopping her eye . But Harry, clo ing hi  bedroom door behind him  ome ten HARRY Pun ER minute  later, could not think Mr . Wea ley  illy. He could  till  ee hi  parent  beaming up at him from the tattered old photograph, unaware that their live , like  o many of tho e around them, were drawing to a clo e. The image of the Boggart po ing a  the corp e of each member of Mr . Wea ley'  family in turn kept fla hing before hi  eye . Without warning, the  car on hi  forehead  eared with pain again and hi   tomach churned horribly. 'Cut it out,' he  aid firmly, rubbing the  car a  the pain receded. 'Fir t  igh of madne , talking to your own head,'  aid a  ly voice from the empty picture on the wall. Harry ignored it. He felt older than he had ever felt in hi  lite and it  eemed extraordinary to him that barely an hour ago he had been worried about a joke  hop and who had got a prefect  badge. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 10 - Luna Lovegood Harry had a troubled night   leep. Hi  parent  wove in and out of hi  dream , never  peaking; Mr . Wea ley  obbed over Kreacher  dead body, watched by Ron and Hermione who were wearing crown , and yet again Harry found him elf walking down a corridor ending in a locked door. He awoke abruptly with hi   car prickling to find Ron already dre ed and talking to him. '… better hurry up, Mum'  going balli tic,  he  ay  we're going to mi  the tram There wa  a lot of commotion in the hou e. From what he heard a  he dre ed at top  peed, Harry gathered that Fred and George had bewitched their trunk  to fly down tair  to  ave the bother of carrying them, with the re ult that they had hurtled  traight into Ginny and knocked her down two flight  of  tair  into the hall; Mr . Black and Mr . Wea ley were both  creaming at the top of their voice . '- COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, YOU IDIOTS -' '- FILTHY HALF-BREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS -' Hermione came hurrying into the room looking flu tered, ju t a  Harry wa  putting on hi  trainer . Hedwig wa   waying on her  houlder, and  he wa  carrying a  quirming Crook hank  in her arm . 'Mum and Dad ju t  ent Hedwig back.' The owl fluttered obligingly over and perched on top of her cage. 'Are you ready yet?' 'Nearly. I  Ginny all right?' Harry a ked,  hoving on hi  gla e . 'Mr . Wea ley'  patched her up,'  aid Hermione. 'But now Mad- Eye'  complaining that we can't leave unle  Sturgi  Podmore'  here, otherwi e the guard will be one  hort.' 'Guard?'  aid Harry. 'We have to go to King'  Cro  with a guard?' 'You have to go to King'  Cro  with a guard,' Hermione corrected him. 'Why?'  aid Harry irritably. 'I thought Voldemort wa   uppo ed to be lying low, or are you telling me he'  going to jump out from behind a du tbin to try and do me in?' 'I don't know, it'  ju t what Mad-Eye  ay ,'  aid Hermione di tractedly, looking at her watch, 'but if we don't leave  oon we're definitely going to mi  the train…' WILL YOU LOT GET DOWN HERE NOW, PLEASE!' Mr . Wea ley bellowed and Hermione jumped a  though  calded and hurried out of the room. Harry  eized Hedwig,  tuffed her unceremoniou ly into her cage, and  et off down tair  after Hermione, dragging hi  trunk. Mr . Black'  portrait wa  howling with rage but nobody wa  bothering to clo e the curtain  over her; all the noi e in the hall wa  bound to rou e her again, anyway. 'Harry, you're to come with me and Tonk ,'  houted Mr . Wea ley - over the repeated  creeche  of 'MUDBLOODS! SCUM! CREATURES OF DIRT!' - 'Leave your trunk and your owl, Ala tor'  going to deal with the luggage… oh, for heaven'   ake, Sinu , Dumbledore  aid no!' A bear-like black dog had appeared at Harry'   ide a  he wa  clambering over the variou  trunk  cluttering the hall to get to Mr . Wea ley. 'Oh hone tly…'  aid Mr . Wea ley de pairingly. 'Well, on your own head be it!' She wrenched open the front door and  tepped out into the weak September  unlight. Harry and the dog followed her. The door  lammed behind them and Mr . Black   creeche  were cut off in tantly. Where'  Tonk ?' Harry  aid, looking round a  they went down the  tone  tep  of number twelve, which vani hed the moment they reached the pavement. 'She'  waiting for u  ju t up here,'  aid Mr . Wea ley  tiffly, averting her eye  from the lolloping black dog be ide Harry. An old woman greeted them on the corner. She had tightly curled grey hair and wore a purple hat  haped like a pork pie. 'Wotcher, Harry,'  he  aid, winking. 'Better hurry up, hadn't we, Molly?'  he added, checking her watch. 'I know, I know,' moaned Mr . Wea ley, lengthening her  tride, 'but Mad-Eye wanted to wait for Sturgi … if only Arthur could have got u  car  from the Mini try again… but Fudge won't let him borrow  o much a  an empty ink bottle the e day … how Muggle  can  tand travelling without magic But the great black dog gave a joyful bark and gambolled around them,  napping at pigeon  and cha ing it  own tail. Harry couldn't help laughing. Siriu  had been trapped in ide for a very long time. Mr . Wea ley pur ed her lip  in an almo t Aunt Petunia-i h way. It took them twenty minute  to reach King'  Cro  on foot and nothing more eventful happened during that time than Siriu   caring a couple of cat  for Harry'  entertainment. Once in ide the  tation they lingered ca ually be ide the barrier between platform  nine and ten until the coa t wa  clear, then each of them leaned again t it in turn and fell ea ily through on to platform nine and three-quarter , where the Hogwart  Expre   tood belching  ooty  team over a platform packed with departing  tudent  and their familie . Harry inhaled the familiar  mell and felt hi   pirit   oar… he wa  really going back… '1 hope the other  make it in time,'  aid Mr . Wea ley anxiou ly,  taring behind her at the wrought-iron arch  panning the platform, through which new arrival  would come. 'Nice dog, Harry!' called a tall boy with dreadlock . 'Thank , Lee,'  aid Harry, grinning, a  Siriu  wagged hi  tail frantically. 'Oh good,'  aid Mr . Wea ley,  ounding relieved, 'here'  Ala tor with the luggage, look…' A porter'  cap pulled low over hi  mi matched eye , Moody came limping through the archway pu hing a trolley loaded with their trunk . 'All OK,' he muttered to Mr . Wea ley and Tonk , 'don't think we were followed…' Second  later, Mr Wea ley emerged on to the platform with Ron and Hermione. They had almo t unloaded Moody'  luggage trolley when Fred, George and Ginny turned up with Lupin. 'No trouble?' growled Moody. 'Nothing,'  aid Lupin. Til  till be reporting Sturgi  to Dumbledore,'  aid Moody, 'that'  the  econd time he'  not turned up in a week. Getting a  unreliable a  Mundungu .' 'Well, look after your elve ,'  aid Lupin,  haking hand  all round. He reached Harry la t and gave him a clap on the  houlder. 'You too. Harry. Be careful.' 'Yeah, keep your head down and your eye  peeled,'  aid Moody,  haking Harry'  hand too. 'And don't forget, all of you - careful what you put in writing. If in doubt, don't put it in a letter at all.' 'It'  been great meeting all of you,'  aid Tonk , hugging Hermione and Ginny 'We'll  ee you  oon, I expect.' A warning whi tle  ounded; the  tudent   till on the platform  tarted hurrying on to the train. 'Quick, quick,'  aid Mr . Wea ley di tractedly, hugging them at random and catching Harry twice. 'Write… be good… if you've forgotten anything we'll  end it on… on to the train, now, hurry…" For one brief moment, the great black dog reared on to it  hind leg  and placed it  front paw  on Harry'   houlder , but Mr . Wea ley  hoved Harry away toward  the train door, hi ing, 'For heaven'   ake, act more like a dog, Siriu !' 'See you!' Harry called out of the open window a  the train began to move, while Ron, Hermione and Ginny waved be ide him. The figure  of Tonk , Lupin, Moody and Mr and Mr . Wea ley  hrank rapidly but the black dog wa  bounding along ide the window, wagging it  tail; blurred people on the platform were laughing to  ee it cha ing the train, then they rounded a bend, and Siriu  wa  gone. 'He  houldn't have come with u ,'  aid Hermione in a worried voice. 'Oh, lighten up,'  aid Ron, 'he ha n't  een daylight for month , poor bloke.' 'Well,'  aid Fred, clapping hi  hand  together, 'can't  tand around chatting all day, we've got bu ine  to di cu  with Lee. See you later,' and he and George di appeared down the corridor to the right. The train wa  gathering  till more  peed,  o that the hou e  out ide the window fla hed pa t, and they  wayed where they  tood. 'Shall we go and find a compartment, then?' Harry a ked. Ron and Hermione exchanged look . 'Er,'  aid Ron. 'We're - well - Ron and I are  uppo ed to go into the prefect carriage,' Hermione  aid awkwardly. Ron wa n't looking at Harry; he  eemed to have become inten ely intere ted in the fingernail  on hi  left hand. 'Oh,'  aid Harry. 'Right. Fine.' 'I don't think we'll have to  tay there all journey,'  aid Hermione quickly. 'Our letter   aid we ju t get in truction  from the Head Boy and Girl and then patrol the corridor  from time to time.' 'Fine,'  aid Harry again. 'Well, I - I might  ee you later, then.' 'Yeah, definitely,'  aid Ron, ca ting a  hifty, anxiou  look at Harry. 'It'  a pain having to go down there, I'd rather - but we have to -I mean, I'm not enjoying it, I'm not Percy,' he fini hed defiantly. 'I know you're not,'  aid Harry and he grinned. But a  Hermione and Ron dragged their trunk , Crook hank  and a caged Pigwidgeon off toward  the engine end of the train, Harry felt an odd  en e of lo . He had never travelled on the Hogwart  Expre  without Ron. 'Come on,' Ginny told him, 'if we get a move on we'll be able to  ave them place .' 'Right,'  aid Harry, picking up Hedwig'  cage in one hand and the handle of hi  trunk in the other. They  truggled off down the corridor, peering through the gla -panelled door  into the compartment  they pa ed, which were already full. Harry could not help noticing that a lot of people  tared back at him with great intere t and that  everal of them nudged their neighbour  and pointed him out. After he had met thi  behaviour in five con ecutive carriage  he remembered that the Daily Prophet had been telling it  reader  all  ummer what a lying  how-off he wa . He wondered dully whether the people now  taring and whi pering believed the  torie . In the very la t carriage they met Neville Longbottom, Harry'  fellow fifth-year Gryffindor, hi  round face  hining with the effort of pulling hi  trunk along and maintaining a one-handed grip on hi   truggling toad, Trevor. 'Hi, Harry' he panted. 'Hi, Ginny… everywhere'  full… I can't find a  eat…' 'What are you talking about?'  aid Ginny, who had  queezed pa t Neville to peer into the compartment behind him. There'  room in thi  one, there'  only Loony Lovegood in here —' Neville mumbled  omething about not wanting to di turb anyone. 'Don't be  illy,'  aid Ginny, laughing, ' he'  all right.' She  lid the door open and pulled her trunk in ide. Harry and Neville followed. 'Hi, Luna,'  aid Ginny, 'i  it OK if we take the e  eat ?' The girl be ide the window looked up. She had  traggly, wai t-length, dirty blonde hair, very pale eyebrow  and protuberant eye  that gave her a permanently  urpri ed look. Harry knew at once why Neville had cho en to pa  thi  compartment by. The girl gave off an aura of di tinct dottine . Perhap  it wa  the fact that  he had  tuck her wand behind her left ear for  afekeeping, or that  he had cho en to wear a necklace of Butterbeer cork , or that  he wa  reading a magazine up ide-down. Her eye  ranged over Neville and came to re t on Harry. She nodded. Thank ,'  aid Ginny,  miling at her. Harry and Neville  towed the three trunk  and Hedwig'  cage in the luggage rack and  at down. Luna watched them over her up ide-down magazine, which wa  called The Quibbler. She did not  eem to need to blink a  much a  normal human . She  tared and  tared at Harry, who had taken the  eat oppo ite her and now wi hed he hadn't. 'Had a good  ummer, Luna?' Ginny a ked. 'Ye ,'  aid Luna dreamily, without taking her eye  off Harry. 'Ye , it wa  quite enjoyable, you know. You're Harry Potter,'  he added. '1 know I am,'  aid Harry. Neville chuckled. Luna turned her pale eye  on him in tead. 'And I don't know who you are.' 'I'm nobody,'  aid Neville hurriedly. 'No you're not,'  aid Ginny  harply. 'Neville Longbottom - Luna Love good. Luna'  in my year, but in Ravenclaw.' 'Wit beyond mea ure i  man'  greate t trea ure,'  aid Luna in a  ing ong voice. She rai ed her up ide-down magazine high enough to hide her face and fell  ilent. Harry and Neville looked at each other with their eyebrow  rai ed. Ginny  uppre ed a giggle. The train rattled onward ,  peeding them out into open country. It wa  an odd, un ettled  ort of day; one moment the carriage wa  full of  unlight and the next they were pa ing beneath ominou ly grey cloud . 'Gue  what I got for my birthday?'  aid Neville. 'Another Remembrall?'  aid Harry, remembering the marble-like device Neville'  grandmother had  ent him in an effort to improve hi  aby mal memory. 'No,'  aid Neville. 'I could do with one, though, I lo t the old one age  ago… no, look at thi …" He dug the hand that wa  not keeping a firm grip on Trevor into hi   choolbag and after a little bit of rummaging pulled out what appeared to be a  mall grey cactu  in a pot, except that it wa  covered with what looked like boil  rather than  pine . 'Mimbulu  mimbletonia,' he  aid proudly. Harry  tared at the thing. It wa  pul ating  lightly, giving it the rather  ini ter look of  ome di ea ed internal organ. 'It'  really, really rare,'  aid Neville, beaming. 'I don't know it there'  one in the greenhou e at Hogwart , even. I can't wait to  how it to Profe or Sprout. My Great Uncle Algie got it for me in A yria. I'm going to  ee if I can breed from it.' Harry knew that Neville'  favourite  ubject wa  Herbology but for the life of him he could not  ee what he would want with thi   tunted little plant. 'Doe  it - er - do anything?' he a ked. 'Load  of  tuff!'  aid Neville proudly. 'It'  got an amazing defen ive mechani m. Here, hold Trevor for me…' He dumped the toad into Harry'  lap and took a quill from hi   choolbag. Luna Lovegood'  popping eye  appeared over the top of her up ide-down magazine again, to watch what Neville wa  doing. Neville held the Mimbulu  mimbletonia up to hi  eye , hi  tongue between hi  teeth, cho e hi   pot, and gave the plant a  harp prod with the tip of hi  quill. Liquid  quirted from every boil on the plant; thick,  tinking, dark green jet  of it. They hit the ceiling, the window , and  pattered Luna Lovegood'  magazine; Ginny, who had flung her arm  up in front of her face ju t in time, merely looked a  though  he wa  wearing a  limy green hat, but Harry, who e hand  had been bu y preventing Trevor'  e cape, received a faceful. It  melled like rancid manure. Neville, who e face and tor o were al o drenched,  hook hi  head to get the wor t out of hi  eye . 'S -  orry,' he ga ped. 'I haven't tried that before… didn't reali e it would be quite  o… don't worry, though, Stink ap'  not poi onou ,' he added nervou ly, a  Harry  pat a mouthful on to the floor. At that preci e moment the door of their compartment  lid open. 'Oh… hello, Harry,'  aid a nervou  voice. 'Urn… bad time?' Harry wiped the len e  of hi  gla e  with hi  Trevor-free hand. A very pretty girl with long,  hiny black hair wa   tanding in the doorway  miling at him: Cho Chang, the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. 'Oh… hi,'  aid Harry blankly. 'Urn…"  aid Cho. 'Well… ju t thought I'd  ay hello… bye then.' Rather pink in the face,  he clo ed the door and departed. Harry  lumped back in hi   eat and groaned. He would have liked Cho to di cover him  itting with a group of very cool people laughing their head  off at a joke he had ju t told; he would not have cho en to be  itting with Neville and Loony Lovegood, clutching a toad and dripping in Stink ap. 'Never mind,'  aid Ginny bracingly. 'Look, we can ea ily get rid of all thi .' She pulled out her wand. 'Scourgify!' The Stink ap vani hed. 'Sorry,'  aid Neville again, in a  mall voice. Ron and Hermione did not turn up for nearly an hour, by which time the food trolley had already gone by. Harry, Ginny and Neville had fini hed their pumpkin pa tie  and were bu y  wapping Chocolate Frog Card  when the compartment door  lid open and they walked in, accompanied by Crook hank  and a  hrilly hooting Pigwidgeon in hi  cage. 'I'm  tarving,'  aid Ron,  towing Pigwidgeon next to Hedwig, grabbing a Chocolate Frog from Harry and throwing him elf into the  eat next to him. He ripped open the wrapper, bit off the frog'  head and leaned back with hi  eye  clo ed a  though he had had a very exhau ting morning. 'Well, there are two fifth-year prefect  from each hou e,'  aid Hermione, looking thoroughly di gruntled a   he took her  eat. 'Boy and girl from each.' 'And gue  who'  a Slytherin prefect?'  aid Ron,  till with hi  eye  clo ed. 'Malfoy,' replied Harry at once, certain hi  wor t fear would be confirmed. 'Cour e,'  aid Ron bitterly,  tuffing the re t of the Frog into hi  mouth and taking another. 'And that complete cow Pan y Parkin on,'  aid Hermione viciou ly. 'How  he got to be a prefect when  he'  thicker than a concu ed troll…' 'Who are Hufflepuff' ?' Harry a ked. 'Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott,'  aid Ron thickly. 'And Anthony Gold tein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw,'  aid Hermione. 'You went to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil,'  aid a vague voice. Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who wa  gazing unblinkingly at Ron over the top of The Quibbler. He  wallowed hi  mouthful of Frog. 'Yeah, I know I did,' he  aid, looking mildly  urpri ed. 'She didn't enjoy it very much,' Luna informed him. 'She doe n't think you treated her very well, becau e you wouldn't dance with her. I don't think I'd have minded,'  he added thoughtfully, '1 don't like dancing very much.' She retreated behind The Quibbler again. Ron  tared at the cover with hi  mouth hanging open for a few  econd , then looked around at Ginny for  ome kind of explanation, but Ginny had  tuffed her knuckle  in her mouth to  top her elf giggling. Ron  hook hi  head, bemu ed, then checked hi  watch. 'We're  uppo ed to patrol the corridor  every  o often,' he told Harry and Neville, 'and we can give out puni hment  if people are mi behaving. I can't wait to get Crabbe and Goyle for  omething 'You're not  uppo ed to abu e your po ition, Ron!'  aid Hermione  harply. 'Yeah, right, becau e Malfoy won't abu e it at all,'  aid Ron  arca tically. 'So you're going to de cend to hi  level?' 'No, I'm ju t going to make  ure I get hi  mate  before he get  mine.' 'For heaven'   ake, Ron -' Til make Goyle do line , it'll kill him, he hate  writing,'  aid Ron happily. He lowered hi  voice to Goyle'  low grunt and,  crewing up hi  face in a look of pained concentration, mimed writing in midair. 'I… mu t… not… look…like… a… baboon' … back ide.' Everyone laughed, but nobody laughed harder than Luna Lovegood. She let out a  cream of mirth that cau ed Hedwig to wake up and flap her wing  indignantly and Crook hank  to leap up into the luggage rack, hi ing. Luna laughed  o hard her magazine  lipped out of her gra p,  lid down her leg  and on to the floor. That wa  funny!' Her prominent eye   wam with tear  a   he ga ped for breath,  taring at Ron. Utterly nonplu ed, he looked around at the other , who were now laughing at the expre ion on Ron'  face and at the ludicrou ly prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood, who wa  rocking backward  and forward , clutching her  ide . 'Are you taking the mickey?'  aid Ron, frowning at her. 'Baboon' … back ide!'  he choked, holding her rib . Everyone el e wa  watching Luna laughing, but Harry glancing at the magazine on the floor, noticed  omething that made him dive for it. Up ide-down it had been hard to tell what the picture on the front wa , but Harry now reali ed it wa  a fairly bad cartoon of Corneliu  Fudge; Harry only recogni ed him becau e of the lime-green bowler hat. One of Fudge'  hand  wa  clenched around a bag of gold; the other hand wa  throttling a goblin. The cartoon wa  captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringott ? Beneath thi  were li ted the title  of other article  in ide the magazine. Corruption in the Quidditch League: How the Tornado  are Taking Control Secret  of the Ancient Rune  Revealed Siriu  Black: Villain or Victim? 'Can I have a look at thi ?' Harry a ked Luna eagerly. She nodded,  till gazing at Ron, breathle  with laughter. Harry opened the magazine and  canned the index. Until thi  moment he had completely forgotten the magazine King ley had handed Mr Wea ley to give to Siriu , but it mu t have been thi  edition of The Quibbler. He found the page, and turned excitedly to the article. Thi , too, wa  illu trated by a rather bad cartoon; in fact, Harry would not have known it wa   uppo ed to be Siriu  if it hadn't been captioned. Siriu  wa   tanding on a pile of human bone  with hi  wand out. The headline on the article  aid: SIRIUS - BLACK AS HE'S PAINTED? Notoriou  ma  murderer or innocent  inging  en ation? Harry had to read thi  fir t  entence  everal time  before he wa  convinced that he had not mi under tood it. Since when had Siriu  been a  inging  en ation? For fourteen year  Siriu  Black ha  been believed guilty of the ma  murder of twelve innocent Muggle  and one wizard. Black'  audaciou  e cape from Azkaban two year  ago ha  led to the wide t manhunt ever conducted by the Mini try of Magic. None of u  ha  ever que tioned that he de erve  to be recaptured and handed back to the Dementor . BUT DOES HE? Startling new evidence ha  recently come to light that Siriu  Black may not have committed the crime  for which he wa   ent to Azkaban. In fact,  ay  Dori  Purki , of 18 Acanthia Way , Little Norton, Black may not even have been pre ent at the killing . 'What people don't reali e i  that Siriu  Black i  a fal e name,'  ay  Mr . Purki . 'The man people believe to be Siriu  Black i  actually Stubby Boardman, lead  inger of popular  inging group The Hobgoblin , who retired from public life after being  truck on the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen year  ago. I recogni ed him the moment I  aw hi  picture in the paper. Now, Stubby couldn't po ibly have committed tho e crime , becau e on the day in que tion he happened to be enjoying a romantic candlelit dinner with me. I have written to the Mini ter for Magic and am expecting him to give Stubby, alia  -Siriu , a full pardon any day now.' Harry fini hed reading and  tared at the page in di belief. Perhap  it wa  a joke, he thought, perhap  the magazine often printed  poof Hem . He flicked back a few page  and found the piece on Fudge. Corneliu  Fudge, the Mini ter for Magic, denied that he had any plan  to take over the running of the Wizarding Bank, Gringott , when he wa  elected Mini ter for Magic five year  ago. Fudge ha  alway  in i ted that he want  nothing more than to 'co-operate peacefully' with the guardian  of our gold. BUT DOES HE? Source  clo e to the Mini ter have recently di clo ed that Fudge'  deare t ambition i  to  eize control of the goblin gold  upplie  and that he will not he itate to u e force if need be. Tt wouldn't be the fir t time, either,'  aid a Mini try in ider. 'Corneliu  “Goblin-Cru her” Fudge, that'  what hi  friend  call him. If you could hear him when he think  no one'  li tening, oh, he'  alway  talking about the goblin  he'  had done in; he'  had them drowned, he'  had them dropped off building , he'  had them poi oned, he'  had them cooked in pie …" Harry did not read any further. Fudge might have many fault  but Harry found it extremely hard to imagine him ordering goblin  to be cooked in pie . He flicked through the re t of the magazine. Pau ing every few page , he read: an accu ation that the Tut hill Tornado  were winning the Quidditch League by a combination of blackmail, illegal broom-tampering and torture; an interview with a wizard who claimed to have flown to the moon on a Clean weep Six and brought back a bag of moon frog  to prove it; and an article on ancient rune  which at lea t explained why Luna had been reading The Quibbler up ide-down. According to the magazine, if you turned the rune  on their head  they revealed a  pell to make your enemy'  ear  turn into kumquat . In fact, compared to the^re t of the article  in The Quibbler, the  ugge tion that Siriu  might really be the lead  inger of The Hobgoblin  wa  quite  en ible. 'Anything good in there?' a ked Ron a  Harry clo ed the magazine. 'Of cour e not,'  aid Hermione  cathingly, before Harry could an wer. The Quibbler'  rubbi h, everyone know  that.' 'Excu e me,'  aid Luna; her voice had  uddenly lo t it  dreamy quality. 'My father'  the editor.' 'I - oh,'  aid Hermione, looking embarra ed. 'Well… it'  got  ome intere ting… I mean, it'  quite…" 'I'll have it back, thank you,'  aid Luna coldly, and leaning forward   he  natched it out of Harry'  hand . Riffling through it to page fifty- even,  he turned it re olutely up ide-down again and di appeared behind it, ju t a  the compartment door opened for the third time. Harry looked around; he had expected thi , but that did not make the  ight of Draco Malfoy  mirking at him from between hi  cronie  Crabbe and Goyle any more enjoyable-. 'What?' he  aid aggre ively, before Malfoy could open hi  mouth. 'Manner , Potter, or I'll have to give you a detention,' drawled Malfoy, who e  leek blond hair and pointed chin were ju t like hi  father . 'You  ee, 1, unlike you, have been made a prefect, which mean  that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out puni hment .' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, 'but you, unlike me,-are a git,  o get out and leave u  alone.' Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Neville laughed. Malfoy'  lip curled. 'Tell me, how doe  it feel being  econd-be t to Wea ley, Potter?' he a ked. 'Shut up, Malfoy,'  aid Hermione  harply. 'I  eem to have touched a nerve,'  aid Malfoy,  mirking. 'Well, ju t watch your elf, Potter, becau e I'll be dogging your foot tep  in ca e you  tep out of line.' 'Get out!'  aid Hermione,  tanding up. Sniggering, Malfoy gave Harry a la t maliciou  look and departed, with Crabbe and Goyle lumbering along in hi  wake. Hermione  lammed the compartment door behind them and turned to look at Harry, who knew at once that  he, like him, had regi tered what Malfoy had  aid and been ju t a  unnerved by it. 'Chuck u  another Frog,'  aid Ron, who had clearly noticed nothing. Harry could not talk freely in front of Neville and Luna. He exchanged another nervou  look with Hermione, then  tared out of the window. He had thought Siriu  coming with him to the  tation wa  a bit of a laugh, but  uddenly it  eemed reckle , if not downright dangerou … Hermione had been right… Siriu   hould not have come. What if Mr Malfoy had noticed the black dog and told Draco? What if he had deduced that the Wea ley , Lupin, Tonk  and Moody knew where Siriu  wa  hiding? Or had Malfoy'  u e of the word 'dogging' been a coincidence? The weather remained undecided a  they travelled further and further north. Rain  pattered the window  in a half-hearted way, then the  un put in a feeble appearance before cloud  drifted over it once more. When darkne  fell and lamp  came on in ide the carriage , Luna rolled up The Quibbler, put it carefully away in her bag and took to  taring at everyone in the compartment in tead. Harry wa   itting with hi  forehead pre ed again t the train window, trying to get a fir t di tant glimp e of Hogwart , but it wa  a moonle  night and the rain- treaked window wa  grimy. 'We'd better change,'  aid Hermione at la t, and all of them opened their trunk  with difficulty and pulled on their  chool robe . She and Ron pinned their prefect badge  carefully to their che t . Harry  aw Ron checking hi  reflection in the black window. At la t, the train began to  low down and they heard the u ual racket up and down it a  everybody  crambled to get their luggage and pet  a embled, ready to get off. A  Ron and Hermione were  uppo ed to  upervi e all thi , they di appeared from the carriage again, leaving Harry and the other  to look after Crook hank  and Pigwidgeon. Til carry that owl, if you like,'  aid Luna to Harry, reaching out for Pigwidgeon a  Neville  towed Trevor carefully in an in ide pocket. 'Oh - er - thank ,'  aid Harry, handing her the cage and hoi ting Hedwig'  more  ecurely into hi  arm . They  huffled out of the compartment feeling the fir t  ting of the night air on their face  a  they joined the crowd in the corridor. Slowly, they moved toward  the door . Harry could  mell the pine tree  that lined the path down to the lake. He  tepped down on to the platform and looked around, li tening for the familiar call of 'fir '-year  over 'ere… fir '-year …' But it did not come. In tead, a quite different voice, a bri k female one, wa  calling out, "Fir t-year  line up over here, plea e! All fir t-year  to me!' A lantern came  winging toward  Harry and by it  light he  aw the prominent chin and  evere haircut of Profe or Grubbly-Plank, the witch who had taken over Hagrid'  Care of Magical Creature  le on  for a while the previou  year. 'Where'  Hagrid?' he  aid out loud. 'I don't know,'  aid Ginny, 'but we'd better get out of the way, we're blocking the door.' 'Oh, yeah…' Harry and Ginny became  eparated a  they moved off along the platform and out through the  tation. Jo tled by the crowd, Harry  quinted through the darkne  for a glimp e of Hagrid; he had to be here, Harry had been relying on it -  eeing Hagrid again wa  one of the thing  he'd been looking forward to mo t. But there wa  no  ign of him. He can't have left, Harry told him elf a  he  huffled  lowly through a narrow doorway on to the road out ide with the re t of the crowd. He'  ju t got a cold or  omething… He looked around for Ron or Hermione, wanting to know what they thought about the reappearance of Profe or Grubbly-Plank, but neither of them wa  anywhere near him,  o he allowed him elf to be  hunted forward  on to the dark rain-wa hed road out ide Hog meade Station. Here  tood the hundred or  o hor ele   tagecoache  that alway  took the  tudent  above fir t year up to the ca tle. Harry glanced quickly at them, turned away to keep a lookout for Ron and Hermione, then did a double-take. The coache  were no longer hor ele . There were creature   tanding between the carriage  haft . If he had had to give them a name, he  uppo ed he would have called them hor e , though there wa   omething reptilian about them, too. They were completely fle hle , their black coat  clinging to their  keleton , of which every bone wa  vi ible. Their head  were dragoni h, and their pupil-le  eye  white and  taring. Wing   prouted from each wither - va t, black leathery wing  that looked a  though they ought to belong to giant bat . Standing  till and quiet in the gathering gloom, the creature  looked eerie and  ini ter. Harry could not under tand why the coache  were being pulled by the e horrible hor e  when they were quite capable of moving along by them elve . 'Where'  Pig?'  aid Ron'  voice, right behind Harry. 'That Luna girl wa  carrying him,'  aid Harry, turning quickly, eager to con ult Ron about Hagrid. 'Where d'you reckon -' '- Hagrid i ? I dunno,'  aid Ron,  ounding worried. 'He'd better be OK…' A  hort di tance away, Draco Malfoy, followed by a  mall gang of cronie  including Crabbe, Goyle and Pan y Parkin on, wa  pu hing  ome timid-looking  econd-year  out of the way  o that he and hi  friend  could get a coach to them elve . Second  later, Hermione emerged panting from the crowd. 'Malfoy wa  being ab olutely foul to a fir t-year back there. I  wear I'm going to report him, he'  only had hi  badge three minute  and he'  u ing it to bully people wor e than ever… where'  Crook hank ?' 'Ginny'  got him,'  aid Harry. There  he i …' Ginny had ju t emerged from the crowd, clutching a  quirming Crook hank . Thank ,'  aid Hermione, relieving Ginny of the cat. 'Come on, let'  get a carriage together before they all fill up…" 'I haven't got Pig yet!' Ron  aid, but Hermione wa  already heading off toward  the neare t unoccupied coach. Harry remained behind with Ron. 'What are tho e thing , d'you reckon?' he a ked Ron, nodding at the horrible hor e  a  the other  tudent   urged pa t them. 'What thing ?' Tho e hor e -' Luna appeared holding Pigwidgeon'  cage in her arm ; the tiny owl wa  twittering excitedly a  u ual. 'Here you are,'  he  aid. 'He'  a  weet little owl, i n't he?' 'Er… yeah… he'  all right,'  aid Ron gruffly. 'Well, come on then, let'  get in… what were you  aying, Harry?' 'I wa   aying, what are tho e hor e thing ?' Harry  aid, a  he, Ron and Luna made for the carriage in which Hermione and Ginny were already  itting. 'What hor e thing ?' The hor e thing  pulling the carriage !'  aid Harry impatiently. They were, after all, about three feet from the neare t one; it wa  watching them with empty white eye . Ron, however, gave Harry a perplexed look. 'What are you talking about?' 'I'm talking about - look!' Harry grabbed Ron'  arm and wheeled him about  o that he wa  face to face with the winged hor e. Ron  tared  traight at it for a  econd, then looked back at Harry. 'What am I  uppo ed to be looking at?' 'At the - there, between the  haft ! Harne ed to the coach! It'  right there in front -' But a  Ron continued to look bemu ed, a  trange thought occurred to Harry. 'Can't… can't you  ee them?' 'See what?' 'Can't you  ee what'  pulling the carriage ?' Ron looked  eriou ly alarmed now. 'Are you feeling all right, Harry?' 'I… yeah…' Harry felt utterly bewildered. The hor e wa  there in front of him, gleaming  olidly in the dim light i uing from the  tation window  behind them, vapour ri ing from it  no tril  in the chilly night air. Yet, unle  Ron wa  faking - and it wa  a very feeble joke if he wa  - Ron could not  ee it at all. 'Shall we get in, then?'  aid Ron uncertainly, looking at Harry a  though worried about him. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'Yeah, go on…' 'It'  all right,'  aid a dreamy voice from be ide Harry a  Ron vani hed into the coach'  dark interior. 'You're not going mad or anything. I can  ee them, too.' 'Can you?'  aid Harry de perately, turning to Luna. He could  ee the bat-winged hor e  reflected in her wide  ilvery eye . 'Oh, ye ,'  aid Luna, 'I've been able to  ee them ever  ince my fir t day here. They've alway  pulled the carriage . Don't worry. You're ju t a   ane a  I am: Smiling faintly,  he climbed into the mu ty interior of the carriage after Ron. Not altogether rea ured, Harry followed her. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 11 - The Sorting Hat'  New Song Harry did not want to tell the other  that he and Luna were having the  ame hallucination, if that wa  what it wa ,  o he  aid nothing more about the hor e  a  he  al down in ide the carriage and  lammed the door behind him. Neverthele , he could not help watching the  ilhouette  of the hor e  moving beyond the window. 'Did everyone  ee that Grubbly-Plank woman?' a ked Ginny. 'What'   he doing back here? Hagrid can't have left, can he?' Til be quite glad if he ha ,'  aid Luna, 'he i n't a very good teacher, i  he?' 'Ye , he i !'  aid Harry, Ron and Ginny angrily. Harry glared at Hermione. She cleared her throat and quickly  aid, 'Erin… ye … he'  very good.' 'Well, we in Ravenclaw think he'  a bit of a joke,'  aid Luna, unlazed. 'You've got a rubbi h  en e of humour then,' Ron  napped, a  the wheel  below them creaked into motion. Luna did not  eem perturbed by Ron'  rudene ; on the contrary,  he  imply watched him for a while a  though he were a mildly intere ting televi ion programme. Rattling and  waying, the carriage  moved in convoy up the road. When they pa ed between the tall  tone pillar  topped with winged boar  on either  ide of the gate  to the  chool ground , Harry leaned forward  to try and  ee whether there were any light  on in Hagrid'  cabin by the Forbidden Fore t, but the ground  were in complete darkne . Hogwart  Ca tle, however, loomed ever clo er: a towering ma  of turret , jet black again t the dark  ky, here and there a window blazing fiery bright above them. The carriage  jingled to a halt near the  tone  tep  leading up to the oak front door  and Harry got out of the carriage fir t. He turned again to look for lit window  down by the Fore t, but there wa  definitely no  ign of life within Hagrid  cabin. Unwillingly, becau e he had half-hoped they would have vani hed, he turned hi  eye  in tead upon the  trange,  keletal creature   tanding quietly in the chill night air, their blank white eye  gleaming. Harry had once before had the experience of  eeing  omething that Ron could not, but that had been a reflection in a mirror,  omething much more in ub tantial than a hundred very  olid-looking bea t   trong enough to pull a fleet of carriage . If Luna wa  to be believed, the bea t  had alway  been there but invi ible. Why, then, could Harry  uddenly  ee them, and why could Ron not? 'Are you coming or what?'  aid Ron be ide him. 'Oh… yeah,'  aid Harry quickly and they joined the crowd hurrying up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle. The Entrance Hall wa  ablaze with torche  and echoing with foot tep  a  the  tudent  cro ed the flagged  tone floor for the double door  to the right, leading to the Great Hall and the  tart-of-term fea t. The four long hou e table  in the Great Hall were filling up under the  tarle  black ceiling, which wa  ju t like the  ky they could glimp e through the high window . Candle  floated in midair all along the table , illuminating the  ilvery gho t  who were dotted about the Hall and the face  of the  tudent  talking eagerly, exchanging  ummer new ,  houting greeting  at friend  from other hou e , eyeing one another'  new haircut  and robe . Again, Harry noticed people putting their head  together to whi per a  he pa ed; he gritted hi  teeth and tried to act a  though he neither noticed nor cared. Luna drifted away from them at the Ravenclaw table. The moment they reached Gryffindor , Ginny wa  hailed by  ome fellow fourth-year  and left to  it with them; Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville found  eat  together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headle  Nick, the Gryffindor hou e gho t, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the la t two of whom gave Harry airy, overly-friendly greeting  that made him quite  ure they had  topped talking about him a  plit  econd before. He had more important thing  to worry about, however: he wa  looking over the  tudent ' head  to the  taff table that ran along the top wall of the Hall. 'He'  not there.' Ron and Hermione  canned the  taff table too, though there wa  no real need; Hagrid'   ize made him in tantly obviou  in any lineup. 'He can't have left,'  aid Ron,  ounding  lightly anxiou . 'Of cour e he ha n't,'  aid Harry firmly. 'You don't think he' … hurt, or anything, do you?'  aid Hermione unea ily. 'No,'  aid Harry at once. 'But where i  he, then?' There wa  a pau e, then Harry  aid very quietly,  o that Neville, Parvati and Lavender could not hear, 'Maybe he'  not back yet. You know - from hi  mi ion - the thing he wa  doing over the  ummer for Dumbledore.' 'Yeah… yeah, that'll be it,'  aid Ron,  ounding rea ured, but Hermione bit her lip, looking up and down the  taff table a  though hoping for  ome conclu ive explanation of Hagrid'  ab ence. 'Who'  that?'  he  aid  harply, pointing toward  the middle of the  taff table. Harry'  eye  followed her . They lit fir t upon Profe or Dumbledore,  itting in hi  high-backed golden chair at the centre of the long  taff table, wearing deep-purple robe   cattered with  ilvery  tar  and a matching hat. Dumbledore'  head wa  inclined toward  the woman  itting next to him, who wa  talking into hi  ear. She looked, Harry thought, like  omebody'  maiden aunt:  quat, with  hort, curly, mou e-brown hair in which  he had placed a horrible pink Alice band that matched the fluffy pink cardigan  he wore over her robe . Then  he turned her face  lightly to take a  ip from her goblet and he  aw, with a  hock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a pair of prominent, pouchy eye . 'It'  that Umbridge woman!' 'Who?'  aid Hermione. 'She wa  at my hearing,  he work  for Fudge!' 'Nice cardigan,'  aid Ron,  mirking. 'She work  for Fudge!' Hermione repeated, frowning. 'What on earth'   he doing here, then?' 'Dunno…' Hermione  canned the  taff table, her eye  narrowed. 'No,'  he muttered, 'no,  urely not…' Harry did not under tand what  he wa  talking about but did not a k; hi  attention had been caught by Profe or Grubbly-Plank who had ju t appeared behind the  taff table;  he worked her way along to the very end and took the  eat that ought to have been Hagrid . That meant the fir t-year  mu t have cro ed the lake and reached the ca tle, and  ure enough, a few  econd  later, the door  from the Entrance Hall opened. A long line of  cared-looking fir t-year  entered, led by Profe or McGonagall, who wa  carrying a  tool on which  at an ancient wizard'  hat, heavily patched and darned with a wide rip near the frayed brim. The buzz of talk in the Great Hall faded away. The fir t-year  lined up in front of the  taff table facing the re t of the  tudent , and Profe or McGonagall placed the  tool carefully in front of them, then  tood back. The fir t-year ' face  glowed palely in the candlelight. A  mall boy right in the middle of the row looked a  though he wa  trembling. Harry recalled, fleetingly, how terrified he had felt when he had  tood there, waiting for the unknown te t that would determine to which hou e he belonged. The whole  chool waited with bated breath. Then the rip near the hat'  brim opened wide like a mouth and the Sorting Hat bur t into  ong: In time  of old when I wa  new And Hogwart  barely  tarted The founder  of our noble  chool Thought never to be parted: United by a common goal, They had the  elf ame yearning, To make the world'  be t magic  chool And pa  along their learning. 'Together we will build and teach!' The four good friend  decided And never did they dream that they Might  ome day be divided, For were there  uch friend  anywhere A  Slytherin and Gryffindor? Unle  it wa  the  econd pair Of Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw? So how could it have gone  o wrong? How could  uch friend hip  fail? Why, I wa  there and  o can tell The whole  ad,  orry tale. Said Slytherin, 'We'll teach ju t tho e Who e ance try i  pure t.' Said Ravenclaw, 'We'll teach tho e who e Intelligence i   ure t.' Said Gryffindor, 'We'll teach all tho e With brave deed  to their name,' Said Hufflepuff, Til teach the lot, And treat them ju t the  ame.' The e difference  cau ed little  trife When fir t they came to light, For each of the four founder  had A hou e in which they might Take only tho e they wanted,  o, For in tance, Slytherin Took only pure-blood wizard  Of great cunning, ju t like him, And only tho e of  harpe t mind Were taught by Ravenclaw While the brave t and the bolde t Went to daring Gryffindor. Good Hufflepuff,  he took the re t, And taught them all  he knew, Thu  the hou e  and their founder  Retained friend hip  firm and true. So Hogwart  worked in harmony For  everal happy year , But then di cord crept among u  Feeding on our fault  and fear . The hou e  that, like pillar  four, Had once held up our  chool, Now turned upon each other and, Divided,  ought to rule. And for a while it  eemed the  chool Mu t meet an early end, What with duelling and with jighting And the cla h of friend on friend And at la t there came a morning When old Slytherin departed And though the fighting then died out He left u  quite downhearted. And never  ince the founder  four Were whittled down to three Have the hou e  been united A  they once were meant to be. And now the Sorting Hat i  here And you all know the  core: I  ort you into hou e  Becau e that i  what I'm for, But thi  year I'll go further, Li ten clo ely to my  ong: Though condemned I am to  plit you Still I worry that it'  wrong, Though / mu t fulfil my duty And mu t quarter everv year Still I wonder whether Sorting May not bring the end I fear. Oh, know the peril , read the  ign , The warning hi tory  how , For our Hogwart  i  in danger From external, deadly foe  And we mu t unite in ide her Or we'll crumble from within I have told you, I have warned you… Let the Sorting now begin. The Hat became motionle  once more; applau e broke out, though it wa  punctured, for the fir t time in Harry  memory, with muttering and whi per . All acro  the Great Hall  tudent  were exchanging remark  with their neighbour , and Harry, clapping along with everyone el e, knew exactly what they were talking about. 'Branched out a bit thi  year, ha n't it?'  aid Ron, hi  eyebrow  rai ed. Too right it ha ,'  aid Harry. The Sorting Hat u ually confined it elf to de cribing the different qualitie  looked for by each of the four Hogwart  hou e  and it  own role in Sorting them. Harry could not remember it ever trying to give the  chool advice before. 'I wonder if it'  ever given warning  before?'  aid Hermione,  ounding  lightly anxiou . 'Ye , indeed,'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick knowledgeably, leaning acro  Neville toward  her (Neville winced; it wa  very uncomfortable to have a gho t lean through you). The Hat feel  it elf honour-bound to give the  chool due warning whenever il feel  - But Profe or McGonagall, who wa  waiting to read out the li t of fir t-year ' name , wa  giving the whi pering  tudent  the  ort of look that  corche . Nearly Headle  Nick placed a  ee-through finger to hi  lip  and  at primly upright again a  the muttering came to an abrupt end. With a la t frowning look that  wept the four hou e table , Profe or McGonagall lowered her eye  to her long piece of parchment and called out the fir t name. 'Abercrombie, Euan.' The terrified-looking boy Harry had noticed earlier  tumbled forward  and put the Hat on hi  head; it wa  only prevented from falling right down to hi   houlder  by hi  very prominent ear . The Hat con idered for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened again and  houted: 'Gryffindor!' Harry clapped loudly with the re t of Gryffindor hou e a  Euan Abercrombie  taggered to their table and  at down, looking a  though he would like very much to  ink through the floor and never be looked at again. Slowly, the long line of fir t-year  thinned. In the pau e  between the name  and the Sorting Hat'  deci ion , Harry could hear Ron   tomach rumbling loudly. Finally, 'Zeller, Ro e' wa  Sorted into Hufflepuff, and Profe or McGonagall picked up the Hat and  tool and marched them away a  Profe or Dumbledore ro e to hi  feet. Whatever hi  recent bitter feeling  had been toward  hi  Headma ter, Harry wa   omehow  oothed to  ee Dumbledore  tanding before them all. Between the ab ence of Hagrid and the pre ence of tho e dragoni h hor e , he had felt that hi  return to Hogwart ,  o long anticipated, wa  full of unexpected  urpri e , like jarring note  in a familiar  ong. But thi , at lea t, wa  how it wa   uppo ed to be: their Headma ter ri ing to greet them all before the  tart-of-term fea t. To our newcomer ,'  aid Dumbledore in a ringing voice, hi  arm   tretched wide and a beaming  mile on hi  lip , 'welcome! To our old hand  - welcome back! There i  a time for  peech-making, but thi  i  not it. Tuck in!' There wa  an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applau e a  Dumbledore  at down neatly and threw hi  long beard over hi   houlder  o a  to keep it out of the way of hi  plate - for food had appeared out of nowhere,  o that the five long table  were groaning under joint  and pie  and di he  of vegetable , bread and  auce  and flagon  of pumpkin juice. 'Excellent,'  aid Ron, with a kind of groan of longing, and he  eized the neare t plate of chop  and began piling them on to hi  plate, watched wi tfully by Nearly Headle  Nick. 'What were you  aying before the Sorting?' Hermione a ked the gho t. 'About the Hat giving warning ?' 'Oh, ye ,'  aid Nick, who  eemed glad of a rea on to turn away from Ron, who wa  now eating roa t potatoe  with almo t indecent enthu ia m. 'Ye , I have heard the Hat give  everal warning  before, alway  at time  when it detect  period  of great danger for the  chool. And alway , of cour e, it  advice i  the  ame:  tand together, be  trong from within.' 'Ow kunnit nofe  ku in danger ifzat?'  aid Ron. Hi  mouth wa   o full Harry thought it wa  quite an achievement for him to make any noi e at all. 'I beg your pardon?'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick politely, while Hermione looked revolted. Ron gave an enormou   wallow and  aid, 'How can it know if the  chool'  in danger if it'  a Hat?' 'I have no idea,'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick. 'Of cour e, it live  in Dumbledore'  office,  o I dare ay it pick  thing  up there.' 'And it want  all the hou e  to be friend ?'  aid Harry, looking over at the Slytherin table, where Draco Malfoy wa  holding court. 'Fat chance.' 'Well, now, you  houldn't take that attitude,'  aid Nick reprovingly. 'Peaceful co-operation, that'  the key. We gho t , though we belong to  eparate hou e , maintain link  of friend hip. In  pite of the competitivene  between Gryffindor and Slytherin, I would never dream of  eeking an argument with the Bloody Baron.' 'Only becau e you're terrified of him,'  aid Ron. Nearly Headle  Nick looked highly affronted. Terrified? I hope I, Sir Nichola  de Mim y-Porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in my life! The noble blood that run  in my vein  -' 'What blood?' a ked Ron. 'Surely you haven't  till got -?' 'It  a figure of  peech!'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick, now  o annoyed hi  head wa  trembling ominou ly on hi  partially  evered neck. 'I a ume I am  till allowed to enjoy the u e of whichever word  I like, even if the plea ure  of eating and drinking are denied me! But I am quite u ed to  tudent  poking fun at my death, I a ure you!' 'Nick, he wa n't really laughing at you!'  aid Hermione, throwing a furiou  look at Ron. Unfortunately, Ron'  mouth wa  packed to exploding point again and all he could manage wa  'Node iddum eentup  echew,' which Nick did not  eem to think con tituted an adequate apology. Ri ing into the air, he  traightened hi  feathered hat and  wept away from them to the other end of the table, coming to re t between the Creevey brother , Colin and Denni . 'Well done, Ron,'  napped Hermione. 'What?'  aid Ron indignantly, having managed, finally, to  wallow hi  tood. 'I'm not allowed to a k a  imple que tion?' 'Oh, forget it,'  aid Hermione irritably, and the pair of them  pent the re t of the meal in huffy  ilence. Harry wa  too u ed to their bickering to bother trying to reconcile them; he felt it wa  a better u e of hi  time to eat hi  way  teadily through hi   teak and kidney pie, then a large plateful of hi  favourite treacle tart. When all the  tudent  had fini hed eating and the noi e level in the Hall wa   tarting to creep upward  again, Dumbledore got to hi  feet once more. Talking cea ed immediately a  all turned to lace the Headma ter. Harry wa  feeling plea antly drow y now. Hi  lour-po ter bed wa  waiting  omewhere above, wonderfully warm and  oft… 'Well, now that we are all dige ting another magnificent fea t, I beg a few moment  of your attention for the u ual  tart-of-term notice ,'  aid Dumbledore. 'Fir t-year  ought to know that the Fore t in the ground  i  out-of-bound  to  tudent  - and a few of our older  tudent  ought to know by now, too.' (Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged  mirk .) 'Mr Filch, the caretaker, ha  a ked me, for what he tell  me i  the lour-hundred-and- ixty- econd time, to remind you all that magic i  not permitted in corridor  between cla e , nor are a number of other thing , all of which can be checked on the exten ive li t now fa tened to Mr Filch'  office door. 'We have had two change  in  taffing thi  year. We are very plea ed to welcome back Profe or Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creature  le on ; we are al o delighted to introduce Profe or Umbridge, our new Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher.' There wa  a round of polite but fairly unenthu ia tic applau e, during which Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged  lightly panicked look ; Dumbledore had not  aid for how long Grubbly-Plank would be teaching. Dumbledore continued, Tryout  for the hou e Quidditch team  will take place on the -' He broke off, looking enquiringly at Profe or Umbridge. A   he wa  not much taller  tanding than  itting, there wa  a moment when nobody under tood why Dumbledore had  topped talking, but then Profe or Umbridge cleared her throat, 'Hem, hem,' and it became clear that  he had got to her feet and wa  intending to make a  peech. Dumbledore only looked taken aback for a moment, then he  at down  martly and looked alertly at Profe or Umbridge a  though he de ired nothing better than to li ten to her talk. Other member  of  taff were not a  adept at hiding their  urpri e. Profe or Sprout'  eyebrow  had di appeared into her flyaway hair and Profe or McGonagall'  mouth wa  a  thin a  Harry had ever  een it. No new teacher had ever interrupted Dumbledore before. Many of the  tudent  were  mirking; thi  woman obviou ly did not know how thing  were done at Hogwart . Thank you, Headma ter,' Profe or Umbridge  impered, 'for tho e kind word  of welcome.' Her voice wa  high-pitched, breathy and little-girli h and, again, Harry felt a powerful ru h of di like that he could not explain to him elf; all he knew wa  that he loathed everything about her, from her  tupid voice to her fluffy pink cardigan. She gave another little throat-clearing cough ('hem, hem') and continued. 'Well, it i  lovely to be back at Hogwart , I mu t  ay!' She  miled, revealing very pointed teeth. 'And to  ee  uch happy little face  looking up at me!' Harry glanced around. None of the face  he could  ee looked happy. On the contrary, they all looked rather taken-aback at being addre ed a  though they were five year  old. 'I am very much looking forward to getting to know you all and I'm  ure we'll be very good friend !' Student  exchanged look  at thi ;  ome of them were barely concealing grin . 'I'll be her friend a  long a  I don't have to borrow that cardigan,' Parvati whi pered to Lavender, and both of them lap ed into  ilent giggle . Profe or Umbridge cleared her throat again ('hem, hem'), but when  he continued,  ome of the breathine  had vani hed from her voice. She  ounded much more bu ine like and now her word  had a dull learned-by-heart  ound to them. The Mini try of Magic ha  alway  con idered the education of young witche  and wizard  to be of vital importance. The rare gift  with which you were born may come to nothing if not nurtured and honed by careful in truction. The ancient  kill  unique to the wizarding community mu t be pa ed down the generation  le t we lo e them tor ever. The trea ure trove of magical knowledge ama ed by our ance tor  mu t be guarded, repleni hed and poli hed by tho e who have been called to the noble profe ion of teaching.' Profe or Umbridge pau ed here and made a little bow to her fellow  taff member , none of whom bowed back to her. Profe or McGonagall'  dark eyebrow  had contracted  o that  he looked po itively hawklike, and Harry di tinctly  aw her exchange a  ignificant glance with Profe or Sprout a  Umbridge gave another little 'hem, hem' and went on with her  peech. Every headma ter and headmi tre  o( Hogwart  ha  brought  omething new to the weighty ta k of governing thi  hi toric  chool, and that i  a  it  hould be, lor without progre  there will be  tagnation and decay. There again, progre  for progre '   ake mu t be di couraged, for our tried and te ted tradition  often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between old and new, between permanence and change, between tradition and innovation…" Harry lound hi  attentivene  ebbing, a  though hi  brain wa   lipping in and out of tune. The quiet that alway  filled the Hall when Dumbledore wa   peaking wa  breaking up a   tudent  put their head  together, whi pering and giggling. Over on the Ravenclaw table Cho Chang wa  chatting animatedly with her friend . A few  eat  along from Cho, Luna Lovegood had got out The Quibbler again. Meanwhile, at the Hufflepuff table Ernie Macmillan wa  one of the few  till  taring at Profe or Umbridge, but he wa  gla y-eyed and Harry wa   ure he wa  only pretending to li ten in an attempt to live up to the new prefect'  badge gleaming on hi  che t. Profe or Umbridge did not  eem to notice the re tle ne  of her audience. Harry had the impre ion that a full- cale riot could have broken out under her no e and  he would have ploughed on with her  peech. The teacher , however, were  till li tening very attentively, and Hermione  eemed to be drinking in every word Umbridge  poke, though, judging by her expre ion, they were not at all to her ta te. '… becau e  ome change  will be for the better, while other  will come, in the fullne  of time, to be recogni ed a  error  of judgement. Meanwhile,  ome old habit  will be retained, and rightly  o, wherea  other , outmoded and outworn, mu t be abandoned. Let u  move forward, then, into a new era of openne , effectivene  and accountability, intent on pre erving what ought to be pre erved, perfecting what need  to be perfected, and pruning wherever we find practice  that ought to be prohibited.' She  at down. Dumbledore clapped. The  taff followed hi  lead, though Harry noticed that  everal of them brought their hand  together only once or twice before  topping. A few  tudent  joined in, but mo t had been taken unaware  by the end of the  peech, not having li tened to more than a few word  of it, and before they could  tart applauding properly, Dumbledore had  tood up again. Thank you very much, Profe or Umbridge, that wa  mo t illuminating,' he  aid, bowing to her. 'Now, a  I wa   aying, Quidditch tryout  will be held…" 'Ye , it certainly wa  illuminating,'  aid Hermione in a low voice. 'You're not telling me you enjoyed it?' Ron  aid quietly, turning a glazed face toward  Hermione. That wa  about the dulle t  peech I've ever heard, and I grew up with Percy.' 'I  aid illuminating, not enjoyable,'  aid Hermione. 'It explained a lot.' 'Did it?'  aid Harry in  urpri e. 'Sounded like a load of waffle to me.' There wa   ome important  tuff hidden in the waffle,'  aid Hermione grimly. 'Wa  there?'  aid Ron blankly. 'How about: “progre  for progre '   ake mu t be di couraged”? How about: “pruning wherever we find practice  that ought to be prohibited”?' 'Well, what doe  that mean?'  aid Ron impatiently. Til tell you what it mean ,'  aid Hermione through gritted teeth. 'It mean  the Mini try'  interfering at Hogwart .' There wa  a great clattering and banging all around them; Dumbledore had obviou ly ju t di mi ed the  chool, becau e everyone wa   tanding up ready to leave the Hall. Hermione jumped up, looking flu tered. 'Ron, we're  uppo ed to  how the fir t-year  where to go!' 'Oh yeah,'  aid Ron, who had obviou ly forgotten. 'Hey - hey, you lot! Midget !' 'Ron!' 'Well, they are, they're titchy…' 'I know, but you can't call them midget ! - Fir t-year !' Hermione called commandingly along the table. Thi  way, plea e!' A group of new  tudent  walked  hyly up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table , all of them trying hard not to lead the group. They did indeed  eem very  mall; Harry wa   ure he had not appeared that young when he had arrived here. He grinned at them. A blond boy next to Euan Abercrombie looked petrified; he nudged Euan and whi pered  omething in hi  ear. Euan Abercrombie looked equally frightened and  tole a horrified look at Harry, who felt the grin  lide off hi  face like Stink ap. 'See you later,' he  aid dully to Ron and Hermione and he made hi  way out of the Great Hall alone, doing everything he could to ignore more whi pering,  taring and pointing a  he pa ed. He kept hi  eye  fixed ahead a  he wove hi  way through the crowd in the Entrance Hall, then he hurried up the marble  tairca e, took a couple of concealed  hort cut  and had  oon left mo t of the crowd  behind. He had been  tupid not to expect thi , he thought angrily a  he walked through the much emptier up tair  corridor . Of cour e everyone wa   taring at him; he had emerged from the Triwizard maze two month  previou ly clutching the dead body of a fellow  tudent and claiming to have  een Lord Voldemort return to power. There had not been time la t term to explain him elf before they'd all had to go home - even if he had felt up to giving the whole  chool a detailed account of the terrible event  in that graveyard. Harry had reached the end of the corridor to the Gryffindor common room and come to a halt in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady before he reali ed that he did not know the new pa word. 'Er…' he  aid glumly,  taring up at the Fat Lady, who  moothed the fold  of her pink  atin dre  and looked  ternly back at him. 'No pa word, no entrance,'  he  aid loftily. 'Harry, I know it!' Someone panted up behind him and he turned to  ee Neville jogging toward  him. 'Gue  what it i ? I'm actually going to be able to remember it for once -' He waved the  tunted little cactu  he had  hown them on the train. 'Mimbulu  mimble-tonifl!' 'Correct,'  aid the Fat Lady, and her portrait  wung open toward  them like a door, revealing a circular hole in the wall behind, through which Harry and Neville now climbed. The Gryffindor common room looked a  welcoming a  ever, a co y circular tower room full of dilapidated  qua hy armchair  and rickety old table . A fire wa  crackling merrily in the grate and a few people were warming their hand  by it before going up to their dormitorie ; on the other  ide of the room Fred and George Wea ley were pinning  omething up on the noticeboard. Harry waved goodnight to them and headed  traight for the door to the boy ' dormitorie ; he wa  not in much of a mood for talking at the moment. Neville followed him. Dean Thoma  and Seamu  Finnigan had reached the dormitory fir t and were in the proce  of covering the wall  be ide their bed  with po ter  and photograph . They had been talking a  Harry pu hed open the door but  topped abruptly the moment they  aw him. Harry wondered whether they had been talking about him, then whether he wa  being paranoid. 'Hi,' he  aid, moving acro  to hi  own trunk and opening it. 'Hey, Harry,'  aid Dean, who wa  putting on a pair of pyjama  in the We t Ham colour . 'Good holiday?' 'Not bad,' muttered Harry, a  a true account of hi  holiday would have taken mo t of the night to relate and he could not face it. 'You?' 'Yeah, it wa  OK,' chuckled Dean. 'Better than Seamu ' , anyway, he wa  ju t telling me.' 'Why, what happened, Seamu ?' Neville a ked a  he placed hi  Mimbulu  mimbletonia tenderly on hi  bed ide cabinet. Seamu  did not an wer immediately; he wa  making rather a meal of en uring that hi  po ter of the Kenmare Ke trel  Quidditch team wa  quite  traight. Then he  aid, with hi  back  till turned to Harry, 'Me mam didn't want me to come back.' 'What?'  aid Harry, pau ing in the act of pulling off hi  robe . 'She didn't want me to come back to Hogwart .' Seamu  turned away from hi  po ter and pulled hi  own pyjama  out of hi  trunk,  till not looking at Harry. 'But - why?'  aid Harry, a toni hed. He knew that Seamu '  mother wa  a witch and could not under tand, therefore, why  he  hould have come over  o Dur leyi h. Seamu  did not an wer until he had fini hed buttoning hi  pyjama . 'Well,' he  aid in a mea ured voice, 'I  uppo e… becau e of you.' 'What d'you mean?'  aid Harry quickly. Hi  heart wa  beating rather fa t. He felt vaguely a  though  omething wa  clo ing in on him. 'Well,'  aid Seamu  again,  till avoiding Harry  eye, ' he… er… well, it'  not ju t you, it'  Dumbledore, too…' 'She believe  the Daily Prophet?'  aid Harry. 'She think  I'm a liar and Dumbledore'  an old fool?' Seamu  looked up at him. 'Yeah,  omething like that.' Harry  aid nothing. He threw hi  wand down on to hi  bed ide table, pulled off hi  robe ,  tuffed them angrily into hi  trunk and pulled on hi  pyjama . He wa   ick of it;  ick of being the per on who i   tared at and talked about all the time. If any of them knew, if any of them had the fainte t idea what it felt like to be the one all the e thing  had happened to… Mr . Finnigan had no idea, the  tupid woman, he thought  avagely. He got into bed and made to pull the hanging  clo ed around him, but before he could do  o, Seamu   aid, 'Look… what did happen that night when… you know, when… with Cedric Diggory and all?' Seamu   ounded nervou  and eager at the  ame time. Dean, who had been bending over hi  trunk trying to retrieve a  lipper, went oddly  till and Harry knew he wa  li tening hard. 'What are you a king me for?' Harry retorted. 'Ju t read the Daily Prophet like your mother, why don't you? That'll tell you all you need to know.' 'Don't you have a go at my mother,' Seamu   napped. Til have a go at anyone who call  me a liar,'  aid Harry. 'Don't talk to me like that!' Til talk to you how I want,'  aid Harry, hi  temper ri ing  o fa t he  natched hi  wand back from hi  bed ide table. 'If you've got a problem  haring a dormitory with me, go and a k McGonagall if you can be moved…  top your mummy worrying -' 'Leave my mother out of thi , Potter!' 'What'  going on?' Ron had appeared in the doorway. Hi  wide eye  travelled from Harry, who wa  kneeling on hi  bed with hi  wand pointing at Seamu , to Seamu , who wa   tanding there with hi  fi t  rai ed. 'He'  having a go at my mother!' Seamu  yelled. 'What?'  aid Ron. 'Harry wouldn't do that — we met your mother, we liked her…" That'  before  he  tarted believing every word the  tinking Daily Prophet write  about me!'  aid Harry at the top of hi  voice. 'Oh,'  aid Ron, comprehen ion dawning acro  hi  freckled face. 'Oh… right.' 'You know what?'  aid Seamu  heatedly, ca ting Harry a venomou  look. 'He'  right, I don't want to  hare a dormitory with him any more, he'  mad.' 'That'  out of order, Seamu ,'  aid Ron, who e ear  were  tarting to glow red - alway  a danger  ign. 'Out of order, am I?'  houted Seamu , who in contra t with Ron wa  going pale. 'You believe all the rubbi h he'  come out with about You-Know-Who, do you, you reckon he'  telling the truth?' 'Yeah, I do!'  aid Ron angrily. Then you're mad, too,'  aid Seamu  in di gu t. 'Yeah? Well, unfortunately for you, pal, I'm al o a prefect!'  aid Ron, jabbing him elf in the che t with a finger. 'So unle  you want detention, watch your mouth!' Seamu  looked for a few  econd  a  though detention would be a rea onable price to pay to  ay what wa  going through hi  mind; but with a noi e of contempt he turned on hi  heel, vaulted into bed and pulled the hanging   hut with  uch violence that they were ripped from the bed and fell in a du ty pile to the floor. Ron glared at Seamu , then looked at Dean and Neville. 'Anyone el e'  parent  got a problem with Harry?' he  aid aggre ively. 'My parent  are Muggle , mate,'  aid Dean,  hrugging. They don't know nothing about no death  at Hogwart , becau e I'm not  tupid enough to tell them.' 'You don't know my mother,  he'd wea el anything out of anyone!' Seamu   napped at him. 'Anyway your parent  don't get the Daily Prophet. They don't know our Headma ter'  been  acked from the Wizengamot and the International Confederation of Wizard  becau e he'  lo ing hi  marble  -' 'My gran  ay  that'  rubbi h,' piped up Neville. 'She  ay  it'  the Daily Prophet that'  going downhill, not Dumbledore. She'  cancelled our  ub cription. We believe Harry'  aid Neville  imply. He climbed into bed and pulled the cover  up to hi  chin, looking owli hly over them at Seamu . 'My gran'  alway   aid You-Know-Who would come back one day. She  ay  if Dumbledore  ay  he'  back, he'  back.' Harry felt a ru h of gratitude toward  Neville. Nobody el e  aid anything. Seamu  got out hi  wand, repaired the bed hanging  and vani hed behind them. Dean got into bed, rolled over and fell  ilent. Neville, who appeared to have nothing more to  ay either, wa  gazing fondly at hi  moonlit cactu . Harry lay back on hi  pillow  while Ron bu tled around the next bed, putting hi  thing  away. He felt  haken by the argument with Seamu , whom he had alway  liked very much. How many more people were going to  ugge t that he wa  lying, or unhinged? Had Dumbledore  uffered like thi  all  ummer, a  fir t the Wizengamot, then the International Confederation of Wizard  had thrown him from their rank ? Wa  it anger at Harry, perhap , that had  topped Dumbledore getting in touch with him for month ? The two of them were in thi  together, after all; Dumbledore had believed Harry, announced hi  ver ion of event  to the whole  chool and then to the wider wizarding community. Anyone who thought Harry wa  a liar had to think that Dumbledore wa , too, or el e that Dumbledore had been hoodwinked… They'll know we're right in the end, thought Harry mi erably, a  Ron got into bed and extingui hed the la t candle in the dormitory. But he wondered how many more attack  like Seamu '  he would have to endure before that time came. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 12 - Profe or Umbridge Seamu  dre ed at top  peed next morning and left the dormitory before Harry had even put on hi   ock . 'Doe  he think he'll turn into a nutter if he  tay  in a room with me too long?' a ked Harry loudly, a  the hem of Seamu '  robe  whipped out of  ight. 'Don't worry about it, Harry,' Dean muttered, hoi ting hi   choolbag on to hi   houlder, 'he'  ju t…' But apparently he wa  unable to  ay exactly what Seamu  wa , and after a  lightly awkward pau e followed him out of the room. Neville and Ron both gave Harry an it' -hi -problem-not-your  look, but Harry wa  not much con oled. How much more of thi  would he have to take? 'What'  the matter?' a ked Hermione five minute  later, catching up with Harry and Ron halfway acro  the common room a  they all headed toward  breakfa t. 'You look ab olutely - Oh for heaven'   ake.' She wa   taring at the common-room noticeboard, where a large new  ign had been put up. GALLONS OF GALLEONS.' Pocket money failing to keep pace with your outgoing ? Like to earn a little extra gold? Contact Fred and George Wea ley, Gryffindor common room, for  imple, part-time, virtually painle  job . (We regret that all work i  undertaken at applicant'  own ri k.) They are the limit,'  aid Hermione grimly, taking down the  ign, which Fred and George had pinned up over a po ter giving the I date of the fir t Hog meade weekend, which wa  to be in October. 'We'll have to talk to them, Ron.' Ron looked po itively alarmed. 'Why?' 'Becau e we're prefect !'  aid Hermione, a  they climbed out through the portrait hole. 'It'  up to u  to  top thi  kind of thing!' Ron  aid nothing; Harry could tell from hi  glum expre ion that the pro pect of  topping Fred and George doing exactly what they liked wa  not one he found inviting. 'Anyway, what'  up, Harry?' Hermione continued, a  they walked down a flight of  tair  lined with portrait  of old witche  and wizard , all of whom ignored them, being engro ed in their own conver ation. 'You look really angry about  omething.' 'Seamu  reckon  Harry'  lying about You-Know-Who,'  aid Ron  uccinctly, when Harry did not re pond. Hermione, who Harry had expected to react angrily on hi  behalf,  ighed. 'Ye , Lavender think   o too,'  he  aid gloomily. 'Been having a nice little chat with her about whether or not I'm a lying, attention- eeking prat, have you?' Harry  aid loudly. 'No,'  aid Hermione calmly. 'I told her to keep her big fat mouth  hut about you, actually. And it would be quite nice if you  topped jumping down our throat , Harry, becau e in ca e you haven't noticed, Ron and I are on your  ide.' There wa  a  hort pau e. 'Sorry,'  aid Harry in a low voice. That'  quite all right,'  aid Hermione with dignity. Then  he  hook her head. 'Don't you remember what Dumbledore  aid at the la t end-of-term fea t?' Harry and Ron both looked at her blankly and Hermione  ighed again. 'About You-Know-Who. He  aid hi  “gift for  preading di cord and enmity i  very great. We can fight it only by  howing an equally  trong bond of friend hip and tru t —”' 'How do you remember  tuff like that?' a ked Ron, looking at her in admiration. 'I li ten, Ron,'  aid Hermione, with a touch of a perity. 'So do I, but I  till couldn't tell you exactly what -' The point,' Hermione pre ed on loudly, 'i  that thi   ort of thing i  exactly what Dumbledore wa  talking about. You-Know-Who'  only been back two month  and we've already  tarted fighting among our elve . And the Sorting Hat  warning wa  the  ame:  tand together, be united —' 'And Harry got it right la t night,' retorted Ron. 'If that mean  we're  uppo ed to get matey with the Slytherin  -fat chance.' 'Well, I think it'  a pity we're not trying for a bit of inter-hou e unity,'  aid Hermione cro ly. They had reached the foot of the marble  tairca e. A line of fourth-year Ravenclaw  wa  cro ing the Entrance Hall; they caught  ight of Harry and hurried to form a tighter group, a  though frightened he might attack  traggler . 'Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friend  with people like that,'  aid Harry  arca tically. They followed the Ravenclaw  into the Great Hall, all looking in tinctively at the  taff table a  they entered. Profe or Grubbly-Plank wa  chatting to Profe or Sini tra, the A tronomy teacher, and Hagrid wa  once again con picuou  only by hi  ab ence. The enchanted ceiling above them echoed Harry'  mood; it wa  a mi erable rain-cloud grey. 'Dumbledore didn't even mention how long that Grubbly-Plank woman'   taying,' he  aid, a  they made their way acro  to the Gryffindor table. *• . 'Maybe…'  aid Hermione thoughtfully. '•'••' 'What?'  aid both Harry and Ron together. 'Well… maybe he didn't want to draw attention to Hagrid not being here.' 'What d'you mean, draw attention to it?'  aid Ron, half-laughing. 'How could we not notice?' Before Hermione could an wer, a tall black girl with long braided hair had marched up to Harry. 'Hi, Angelina.' 'Hi,'  he  aid bri kly, 'good  ummer?' And without waiting for an an wer, 'Li ten, I've been made Gryffindor Quidditch Captain.' 'Nice one,'  aid Harry, grinning at her; he  u pected Angelina'  pep talk  might not be a  long-winded a  Oliver Wood'  had been, which could only be an improvement. 'Yeah, well, we need a new Keeper now Oliver'  left. Tryout  are on Friday at five o'clock and I want the whole team there, all right? Then we can  ee how the new per on'll fit in.' 'OK,'  aid Harry. Angelina  miled at him and departed. 'I'd forgotten Wood had left,'  aid Hermione vaguely a   he  at down be ide Ron and pulled a plate of toa t toward  her. 'I  uppo e that will make quite a difference to the team?' 'I' 'po e,'  aid Harry, taking the bench oppo ite. 'He wa  a good Keeper…' 'Still, it won't hurt to have  ome new blood, will it?'  aid Ron. With a whoo h and a clatter, hundred  of owl  came  oaring in through the upper window . They de cended all over the Hall, bringing letter  and package  to their owner  and  howering the breakfa ter  with droplet  of water; it wa  clearly raining hard out ide. Hedwig wa  nowhere to be  een, but Harry wa  hardly  urpri ed; hi  only corre pondent wa  Siriu , and he doubted Siriu  would have anything new to tell him after only twenty-four hour  apart. Hermione, however, had to move her orange juice a ide quickly to make way for a large damp barn owl bearing a  odden Daily Prophet in it  beak. 'What are you  till getting that for?'  aid Harry irritably, thinking of Seamu  a  Hermione placed a Knut in the leather pouch on the owl'  leg and it took off again. 'I'm not bothering… load of rubbi h.' 'It'  be t to know what the enemy i   aying,'  aid Hermione darkly, and  he unfurled the new paper and di appeared behind it, not emerging until Harry and Ron had fini hed eating. 'Nothing,'  he  aid  imply, rolling up the new paper and laying it down by her plate. 'Nothing about you or Dumbledore or anything.' Profe or McGonagall wa  now moving along the table handing out timetable . 'Look at today!' groaned Ron. 'Hi tory of Magic, double Potion , Divination and double Defence Again t the Dark Art … Binn , Snape, Trelawney and that Umbridge woman all in one day! I wi h Fred and George'd hurry up and get tho e Skiving Snackboxe   orted…' 'Do mine ear  deceive me?'  aid Fred, arriving with George and  queezing on to the bench be ide Harry. 'Hogwart  prefect   urely don't wi h to  kive off le on ?' 'Look what we've got today,'  aid Ron grumpily,  hoving hi  timetable under Fred'  no e. That'  the wor t Monday I've ever  een.' 'Fair point, little bro,'  aid Fred,  canning the column. 'You can have a bit of No ebleed Nougat cheap if you like.' 'Why'  it cheap?'  aid Ron  u piciou ly. 'Becau e you'll keep bleeding till you  hrivel up, we haven't got an antidote yet,'  aid George, helping him elf to a kipper. 'Cheer ,'  aid Ron moodily, pocketing hi  timetable, 'but I think I'll take the le on .' 'And  peaking of your Skiving Snackboxe ,'  aid Hermione, eyeing Fred and George beadily, 'you can't adverti e for te ter  on the Gryffindor noticeboard.' 'Say  who?'  aid George, looking a toni hed. 'Say  me,'  aid Hermione. 'And Ron.' 'Leave me out of it,'  aid Ron ha tily. Hermione glared at him. Fred and George  niggered. 'You'll be  inging a different tune  oon enough, Hermione,'  aid Fred, thickly buttering a crumpet. 'You're  tarting your fifth year, you'll be begging u  for a Snackbox before long.' 'And why would  tarting fifth year mean I want a Skiving Snackbox?' a ked Hermione. 'Fifth year'  OWL year,'  aid George. 'So?' 'So you've got your exam  coming up, haven't you? They'll be keeping your no e   o hard to that grind tone they'll be rubbed raw,'  aid Fred with  ati faction. 'Half our year had minor breakdown  coming up to OWL ,'  aid George happily. Tear  and tantrum … Patricia Stimp on kept coming over faint…" 'Kenneth Towler came out in boil , d'you remember?'  aid Fred remini cently. That'  'cau e you put Bulbadox powder in hi  pyjama ,'  aid George. 'Oh yeah,'  aid Fred, grinning. 'I'd forgotten… hard to keep track  ometime , i n't it?' 'Anyway, it'  a nightmare of a year, the fifth,'  aid George. 'If you care about exam re ult , anyway. Fred and I managed to keep our pecker  up  omehow.' 'Yeah… you got, what wa  it, three OWL  each?'  aid Ron. 'Yep,'  aid Fred unconcernedly. 'But we feel our future  lie out ide the world of academic achievement.' 'We  eriou ly debated whether we were going to bother coming back for our  eventh year,'  aid George brightly, 'now that we've got-' He broke off at a warning look from Harry, who knew George had been about to mention the Triwizard winning  he had given them. '- now that we've got our OWL ,' George  aid ha tily. 'I mean, do we really need NEWT ? But we didn't think Mum could take u  leaving  chool early, not on top of Percy turning out to be the world'  bigge t prat.' 'We're not going to wa te our la t year here, though,'  aid Fred, looking afiectionately around at the Great Hall. 'We're going to u e it to do a bit of market re earch, find out exactly what the average Hogwart   tudent require  from a joke  hop, carefully evaluate the re ult  of our re earch, then produce product  to fit the demand.' 'But where are you going to get the gold to  tart a joke  hop?' Hermione a ked  ceptically. 'You're going to need all the ingredient  and material  - and premi e  too, I  uppo e…" Harry did not look at the twin . Hi  face felt hot; he deliberately dropped hi  fork and dived down to retrieve it. He heard Fred  ay overhead, 'A k u  no que tion  and we'll tell you no lie , Hermione. C'mon, George, if we get there early we might be able to  ell a few Extendable Ear  before Herbology.' Harry emerged from under the table to  ee Fred and George walking away, each carrying a  tack of toa t. 'What did that mean?'  aid Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron. '“A k u  no que tion …” Doe  that mean they've already got  ome gold to  tart a joke  hop?' 'You know, I've been wondering about that,'  aid Ron, hi  brow furrowed. They bought me a new  et of dre  robe  thi   ummer and I couldn't under tand where they got the Galleon …" Harry decided it wa  time to  teer the conver ation out of the e dangerou  water . 'D'you reckon it'  true thi  year'  going to be really tough? Becau e of the exam ?' 'Oh, yeah,'  aid Ron. 'Bound to be, i n't it? OWL  are really important, affect the job  you can apply for and everything. We get career advice, too, later thi  year, Bill told me. So you can choo e what NEWT  you want to do next year.' 'D'you know what you want to do after Hogwart ?' Harry a ked the other two, a  they left the Great Hall  hortly afterward  and  et off toward  their Hi tory of Magic cla room. 'Not really,'  aid Ron  lowly. 'Except… well…' He looked  lightly  heepi h. 'What?' Harry urged him. 'Well, it'd be cool to be an Auror,'  aid Ron in an off-hand voice. 'Yeah, it would,'  aid Harry fervently. 'But they're, like, the elite,'  aid Ron. 'You've got to be really good. What about you, Hermione?' 'I don't know,'  he  aid. 'I think I'd like to do  omething really worthwhile.' 'An Auror'  worthwhile!'  aid Harry. 'Ye , it i , but it'  not the only worthwhile thing,'  aid Hermione thoughtfully, 'I mean, if I could take SPEW further…' Harry and Ron carefully avoided looking at each other. Hi tory of Magic wa  by common con ent the mo t boring  ubject ever devi ed by wizardkind. Profe or Binn , their gho t teacher, had a wheezy, droning voice that wa  almo t guaranteed to cau e  evere drow ine  within ten minute , five in warm weather. He never varied the form of their le on , but lectured them without pau ing while they took note , or rather, gazed  leepily into  pace. Harry and Ron had  o far managed to  crape pa e  in thi   ubject only by copying Hermione'  note  before exam ;  he alone  eemed able to re i t the  oporific power of Binn '  voice. Today, they  uffered an hour and a half'  droning on the  ubject of giant war . Harry heard ju t enough within the fir t ten minute  to appreciate dimly that in another teacher'  hand  thi   ubject might have been mildly intere ting, but then hi  brain di engaged, and he  pent the remaining hour and twenty minute  playing hangman on a corner of hi  parchment with Ron, while Hermione  hot them filthy look  out of the corner of her eye. 'How would it be,'  he a ked them coldly, a  they left the cla room for break (Binn  drifting away through the blackboard), 'if I refu ed to lend you my note  thi  year?' 'We'd fail our OWL,'  aid Ron. 'If you want that on your con cience, Hermione…' 'Well, you'd de erve it,'  he  napped. 'You don't even try to li ten to him, do you?' 'We do try'  aid Ron. 'We ju t haven't got your brain  or your memory or your concentration - you're ju t cleverer than we are - i  it nice to rub it in?' 'Oh, don't give me that rubbi h,'  aid Hermione, but  he looked  lightly mollified a   he led the way out into the damp courtyard. A fine mi ty drizzle wa  falling,  o that the people  tanding in huddle  around the edge  of the yard looked blurred at the edge . Harry, Ron and Hermione cho e a  ecluded corner under a heavily dripping balcony, turning up the collar  of their robe  again t the chilly September air and talking about what Snape wa  likely to  et them in the fir t le on of the year. They had got a  far a  agreeing that it wa  likely to be  omething extremely difficult, ju t to catch them off guard after a two-month holiday, when  omeone walked around the corner toward  them. 'Hello, Harry!' It wa  Cho Chang and, what wa  more,  he wa  on her own again. Thi  wa  mo t unu ual: Cho wa  almo t alway   urrounded by a gang of giggling girl ; Harry remembered the agony of trying to get her by her elf to a k her to the Yule Ball. 'Hi,'  aid Harry, feeling hi  face grow hot. At lea t you're not covered in Stink ap thi  time, he told him elf. Cho  eemed to be thinking along the  ame line . 'You got that  tuff off, then?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, trying to grin a  though the memory of their la t meeting wa  funny a  oppo ed to mortifying. 'So, did you… er… have a good  ummer?' The moment he had  aid thi  he wi hed he hadn't - Cedric had been Cho'  boyfriend and the memory of hi  death mu t have affected her holiday almo t a  badly a  it had affected Harry . Something  eemed to tauten in her face, but  he  aid, 'Oh, it wa  all right, you know…' 'I  that a Tornado  badge?' Ron demanded  uddenly, pointing to the front of Cho'  robe , where a  ky-blue badge emblazoned with a double gold T' wa  pinned. 'You don't  upport them, do you?' 'Yeah, I do,'  aid Cho. 'Have you alway   upported them, or ju t  ince they  tarted winning the league?'  aid Ron, in what Harry con idered an unnece arily accu atory tone of voice. 'I've  upported them  ince I wa   ix,'  aid Cho coolly. 'Anyway…  ee you, Harry.' She walked away. Hermione waited until Cho wa  halfway acro  the courtyard before rounding on Ron. 'You are  o tactle !' 'What? I only a ked her if -' 'Couldn't you tell  he wanted to talk to Harry on her own?' 'So? She could've done, I wa n't  topping -' 'Why on earth were you attacking her about her Quidditch team?' 'Attacking? I wa n't attacking her, I wa  only -' 'Who care  if  he  upport  the Tornado ?' 'Oh, come on, half the people you  ee wearing tho e badge  only bought them la t  ea on -' 'But what doe  it matter!' 'It mean  they're not real fan , they're ju t jumping on the bandwagon -' That'  the bell,'  aid Harry dully, becau e Ron and Hermione were bickering too loudly to hear it. They did not  top arguing all the way down to Snape'  dungeon, which gave Harry plenty of time to reflect that between Neville and Ron he would be lucky ever to have two minute  of conver ation with Cho that he could look back on without wanting to leave the country. And yet, he thought, a  they joined the queue lining up out ide Snape'  cla room door,  he had cho en to come and talk to him, hadn't  he? She had been Cedric'  girlfriend;  he could ea ily have hated Harry for coming out of the Triwizard maze alive when Cedric had died, yet  he wa  talking to him in a perfectly friendly way, not a  though  he thought him mad, or a liar, or in  ome horrible way re pon ible for Cedric'  death… ye ,  he had definitely cho en to come and talk to him, and that made the  econd time in two day … and at thi  thought, Harry'   pirit  ro e. Even the ominou   ound of Snape'  dungeon door creaking open did not puncture the  mall, hopeful bubble that  eemed to have  welled in hi  che t. He filed into the cla room behind Ron and Hermione and followed them to their u ual table at the back, where he  at down between Ron and Hermione and ignored the huffy, irritable noi e  now i uing from both of them. 'Settle down,'  aid Snape coldly,  hutting the door behind him. There wa  no real need for the call to order; the moment the cla  had heard the door clo e, quiet had fallen and all fidgeting  topped. Snape'  mere pre ence wa  u ually enough to en ure a cla '   ilence. 'Before we begin today'  le on,'  aid Snape,  weeping over to hi  de k and  taring around at them all, 'I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be  itting an important examination, during which you will prove how much you have learned about the compo ition and u e of magical potion . Moronic though  ome of thi  cla  undoubtedly are, I expect you to  crape an “Acceptable” in your OWL, or  uffer my… di plea ure.' Hi  gaze lingered thi  time on Neville, who gulped. 'After thi  year, of cour e, many of you will cea e  tudying with me,' Snape went on. '1 take only the very be t into my NEWT Potion  cla , which mean  that  ome of u  will certainly be  aying goodbye.' Hi  eye  re ted on Harry and hi  lip curled. Harry glared back, feeling a grim plea ure at the idea that he would be able to give up Potion  after fifth year. 'But we have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell,'  aid Snape  oftly, ' o, whether or not you are intending to attempt NEWT, I advi e all of you to concentrate your effort  upon maintaining the high pa  level I have come to expect from my OWL  tudent . Today we will be mixing a potion that often come  up at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and  oothe agitation. Be warned: if you are too heavy-handed with the ingredient  you will put the drinker into a heavy and  ometime  irrever ible  leep,  o you will need to pay clo e attention to what you are doing.' On Harry'  left, Hermione  at up a little  traighter, her expre ion one of utmo t attention. The ingredient  and method -' Snape flicked hi  wand '- are on the blackboard -' (they appeared there) '- you will find everything you need —' he flicked hi  wand again '- in the  tore cupboard —' (the door of the  aid cupboard  prang open) '- you have an hour and a half…  tart.' Ju t a  Harry, Ron and Hermione had predicted, Snape could hardly have  et them a more difficult, fiddly potion. The ingredient  had to be added to the cauldron in preci ely the right order and quantitie ; the mixture had to be  tirred exactly the right number of time , fir tly in clockwi e, then in anti-clockwi e direction ; the heat of the flame  on which it wa   immering had to be lowered to exactly the right level for a  pecific number of minute  before the final ingredient wa  added. 'A light  ilver vapour  hould now be ri ing from your potion,' called Snape, with ten minute  left to go. Harry, who wa   weating profu ely, looked de perately around the dungeon. Hi  own cauldron wa  i uing copiou  amount  of dark grey  team; Ron'  wa   pitting green  park . Seamu  wa  feveri hly prodding the flame  at the ba e of hi  cauldron with the tip of hi  wand, a  they  eemed to be going out. The  urface of Hermione'  potion, however, wa  a  himmering mi t of  ilver vapour, and a  Snape  wept by he looked down hi  hooked no e at it without comment, which meant he could find nothing to critici e. At Harry'  cauldron, however, Snape  topped, and looked down at it with a horrible  mirk on hi  face. 'Potter, what i  thi   uppo ed to be?' The Slytherin  at the front of the cla  all looked up eagerly; they loved hearing Snape taunt Harry. The Draught of Peace,'  aid Harry ten ely. Tell me, Potter,'  aid Snape  oftly, 'can you read?' Draco Malfoy laughed. 'Ye , I can,'  aid Harry, hi  finger  clenched tightly around hi  wand. 'Read the third line of the in truction  for me, Potter.' Harry  quinted at the blackboard; it wa  not ea y to make out the in truction  through the haze of multi-coloured  team now filling the dungeon. '“Add powdered moon tone,  tir three time  counter-clockwi e, allow to  immer for  even minute  then add two drop  of  yrup of hellebore.”' Hi  heart  ank. He had not added  yrup of hellebore, but had proceeded  traight to the fourth line of the in truction  after allowing hi  potion to  immer for  even minute . 'Did you do everything on the third line, Potter?' 'No,'  aid Harry very quietly. 'I beg your pardon?' 'No,'  aid Harry, more loudly. 'I forgot the hellebore.' 'I know you did, Potter, which mean  that thi  me  i  utterly worthle . Evane ce.' The content  of Harry'  potion vani hed; he wa  left  tanding fooli hly be ide an empty cauldron. Tho e of you who have managed to read the in truction , fill one flagon with a  ample of your potion, label it clearly with your name and bring it up to my de k for te ting,'  aid Snape. 'Homework: twelve inche  of parchment on the propertie  of moon tone and it  u e  in potion-making, to be handed in on Thur day.' While everyone around him filled their flagon , Harry cleared away hi  thing ,  eething. Hi  potion had been no wor e than Ron' , which wa  now giving off a foul odour of bad egg ; or Neville' , which had achieved the con i tency of ju t-mixed cement and which Neville wa  now having to gouge out of hi  cauldron; yet it wa  he, Harry, who would be receiving zero mark  for the day'  work. He  tuffed hi  wand back into hi  bag and  lumped down on to hi   eat, watching everyone el e march up to Snape'  de k with filled and corked flagon . When at long la t the bell rang, Harry wa  fir t out of the dungeon and had already  tarted hi  lunch by the time Ron and Hermione joined him in the Great Hall. The ceiling had turned an even murkier grey during the morning. Rain wa  la hing the high window . That wa  really unfair,'  aid Hermione con olingly,  itting down next to Harry and helping her elf to  hepherd'  pie. 'Your potion wa n't nearly a  bad a  Goyle' ; when he put it in hi  flagon the whole thing  hattered and  et hi  robe  on fire.' 'Yeah, well,'  aid Harry, glowering at hi  plate, ' ince when ha  Snape ever been fair to me?' Neither of the other  an wered; all three of them knew that Snape and Harry'  mutual enmity had been ab olute from the moment Harry had  et foot in Hogwart . 'I did think he might be a bit better thi  year,'  aid Hermione in a di appointed voice. 'I mean… you know…'  he looked around carefully; there were half a dozen empty  eat  on either  ide of them and nobody wa  pa ing the table '… now he'  in the Order and everything.' 'Poi onou  toad tool  don't change their  pot ,'  aid Ron  agely. 'Anyway I've alway  thought Dumbledore wa  cracked to tru t Snape. Where'  the evidence he ever really  topped working for You-Know-Who?' 'I think Dumbledore'  probably got plenty of evidence, even if he doe n't  hare it with you, Ron,'  napped Hermione. 'Oh,  hut up, the pair of you,'  aid Harry heavily, a  Ron opened hi  mouth to argue back. Hermione and Ron both froze, looking angry and offended. 'Can't you give it a re t?'  aid Harry. 'You're alway  having a go at each other, it'  driving me mad.' And abandoning hi   hepherd'  pie, he  wung hi   choolbag back over hi   houlder and left them  itting there. He walked up the marble  tairca e two  tep  at a time, pa t the many  tudent  hurrying toward  lunch. The anger that had ju t flared  o unexpectedly  till blazed in ide him, and the vi ion of Ron and Hermione'   hocked face  afforded him a  en e of deep  ati faction. Serve them right, he thought, why can't they give it a re t … bickering all the time… it'  enough to drive anyone up the wall… He pa ed the large picture of Sir Cadogan the knight on a landing; Sir Cadogan drew hi   word and brandi hed it fiercely at Harry, who ignored him. 'Come back, you  curvy dog! Stand fa t and fight!' yelled Sir Cadogan in a muffled voice from behind hi  vi or, but Harry merely walked on and when Sir Cadogan attempted to follow him by running into a neighbouring picture, he wa  rebuffed by it  inhabitant, a large and angry-looking wolfhound. Harry  pent the re t of the lunch hour  itting alone underneath the trapdoor at the top of North Tower. Con equently, he wa  the fir t to a cend the  ilver ladder that led to Sybill Trelawney'  cla room when the bell rang. After Potion , Divination wa  Harry  lea t favourite cla , which wa  due mainly to Profe or Trelawney'  habit of predicting hi  premature death every few le on . A thin woman, heavily draped in  hawl  and glittering with  tring  of bead ,  he alway  reminded Harry of  ome kind of in ect, with her gla e  hugely magnifying her eye . She wa  bu y putting copie  of battered leather-bound book  on each of the  pindly little table  with which her room wa  littered when Harry entered the room, but the light ca t by the lamp  covered by  carve  and the low-burning,  ickly- cented fire wa   o dim  he appeared not to notice him a  he took a  eat in the  hadow . The re t of the cla  arrived over the next five minute . Ron emerged from the trapdoor, looked around carefully,  potted Harry and made directly for him, or a  directly a  he could while having to wend hi  way between table , chair  and over tuffed pouffe . 'Hermione and me have  topped arguing,' he  aid,  itting down be ide Harry. 'Good,' grunted Harry. 'But Hermione  ay   he think  it would be nice if you  topped taking out your temper on u ,'  aid Ron. 'I'm not -' 'I'm ju t pa ing on the me age,'  aid Ron, talking over him. 'But I reckon  he'  right. It'  not our fault how Seamu  and Snape treat you.' 'I never  aid it -' 'Good-day,'  aid Profe or Trelawney in her u ual mi ty, dreamy voice, and Harry broke off, again feeling both annoyed and  lightly a hamed of him elf. 'And welcome back to Divination. I have, of cour e, been following your fortune  mo t carefully over the holiday , and am delighted to  ee that you have all returned to Hogwart   afely - a , of cour e, I knew you would. 'You will find on the table  before you copie  of The Dream Oracle, by Inigo Imago. Dream interpretation i  a mo t important mean  of divining the future and one that may very probably be te ted in your OWL. Not, of cour e, that I believe examination pa e  or failure  are of the remote t importance when it come  to the  acred art of divination. If you have the Seeing Eye, certificate  and grade  matter very little. However, the Headma ter like  you to  it the examination,  o…' Her voice trailed away delicately, leaving them all in no doubt that Profe or Trelawney con idered her  ubject above  uch  ordid matter  a  examination . Turn, plea e, to the introduction and read what Imago ha  to  ay on the matter of dream interpretation. Then, divide into pair . U e The Dream Oracle to interpret each other  mo t recent dream . Carry on.' The one good thing to be  aid for thi  le on wa  that it wa  not a double period. By the time they had all fini hed reading the introduction of the book, they had barely ten minute  left for dream interpretation. At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired up with Neville, who immediately embarked on a long-winded explanation of a nightmare involving a pair of giant  ci or  wearing hi  grandmother'  be t hat; Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly. 'I never remember my dream ,'  aid Ron, 'you  ay one.' 'You mu t remember one of them,'  aid Harry impatiently. He wa  not going to  hare hi  dream  with anyone. He knew perfectly well what hi  regular nightmare about a graveyard meant, he did not need Ron or Profe or Trelawney or the  tupid Dream Oracle to tell him. 'Well, I dreamed I wa  playing Quidditch the other night,'  aid Ron,  crewing up hi  face in an effort to remember. 'What d'you reckon that mean ?' 'Probably that you're going to be eaten by a giant mar hmallow or  omething,'  aid Harry, turning the page  of The Dream Oracle without intere t. It wa  very dull work looking up bit  of dream  in the Oracle and Harry wa  not cheered up when Profe or Trelawney  et them the ta k of keeping a dream diary for a month a  homework. When the bell went, he and Ron led the way back down the ladder, Ron grumbling loudly. 'D'you reali e how much homework we've got already? Binn   et u  a foot-and-a-half-long e ay on giant war , Snape want  a foot on the u e of moon tone , and now we've got a month'  dream diary from Trelawney! Fred and George weren't wrong about OWL year, were they? That Umbridge woman had better not give u  any…" When they entered the Defence Again t the Dark Art  cla room they found Profe or Umbridge already  eated at the teacher'  de k, wearing the fluffy pink cardigan of the night before and the black velvet bow on top of her head. Harry wa  again reminded forcibly of a large fly perched unwi ely on top of an even larger toad. The cla  wa  quiet a  it entered the room; Profe or Umbridge wa , a  yet, an unknown quantity and nobody knew how  trict a di ciplinarian  he wa  likely to be. 'Well, good afternoon!'  he  aid, when finally the whole cla  had  at down. A few people mumbled 'good afternoon' in reply. Tut, tut,'  aid Profe or Umbridge. 'That won't do, now, will it? I  hould like you, plea e, to reply “Good afternoon, Profe or Umbridge”. One more time, plea e. Good afternoon, cla !' 'Good afternoon, Profe or Umbridge,' they chanted back at her. There, now,'  aid Profe or Umbridge  weetly. That wa n't too difficult, wa  it? Wand  away and quill  out, plea e.' Many of the cla  exchanged gloomy look ; the order 'wand  away' had never yet been followed by a le on they had found intere ting. Harry  hoved hi  wand back in ide hi  bag and pulled out quill, ink and parchment. Profe or Umbridge opened her handbag, extracted her own wand, which wa  an unu ually  hort one, and tapped the blackboard  harply with it; word  appeared on the board at once: Defence Again t the Dark Art  A Return to Ba ic Principle  'Well now, your teaching in thi   ubject ha  been rather di rupted and fragmented, ha n't it?'  tated Profe or Umbridge, turning to face the cla  with her hand  cla ped neatly in front of her. The con tant changing of teacher , many of whom do not  eem to have followed any Mini try-approved curriculum, ha  unfortunately re ulted in your being far below the  tandard we would expect to  ee in your OWL year. 'You will be plea ed to know, however, that the e problem  are now to be rectified. We will be following a carefully  tructured, theory-centred, Mini try-approved cour e of defen ive magic thi  year. Copy down the following, plea e.' She rapped the blackboard again; the fir t me age vani hed and wa  replaced by the 'Cour e Aim '. . Under tanding the principle  underlying defen ive magic. . Learning to recogni e  ituation  in which defen ive magic can legally be u ed. . Placing the u e of defen ive magic in a context for practical u e. For a couple of minute  the room wa  full of the  ound of  cratching quill  on parchment. When everyone had copied down Profe or Umbridge'  three cour e aim   he a ked, 'Ha  everybody got a copy of Defen ive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?' There wa  a dull murmur of a ent throughout the cla . 'I think we'll try that again,'  aid Profe or Umbridge. 'When I a k you a que tion, I  hould like you to reply, “Ye , Profe or Umbridge”, or “No, Profe or Umbridge”. So: ha  everyone got a copy of Defen ive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?' 'Ye , Profe or Umbridge,' rang through the room. 'Good,'  aid Profe or Umbridge. 'I  hould like you to turn to page five and read “Chapter One, Ba ic  for Beginner ”. There will be no need to talk.' Profe or Umbridge left the blackboard and  ettled her elf in the chair behind the teacher'  de k, ob erving them all clo ely with tho e pouchy toad'  eye . Harry turned to page five of hi  copy of Defen ive Magical Theory and  tarted to read. It wa  de perately dull, quite a  bad a  li tening to Profe or Binn . He felt hi  concentration  liding away from him; he had  oon read the  ame line half a dozen time  without taking in more than the fir t few word . Several  ilent minute  pa ed. Next to him, Ron wa  ab ent-mindedly turning hi  quill over and over in hi  finger ,  taring at the  ame  pot on the page. Harry looked right and received a  urpri e to  hake him out of hi  torpor. Hermione had not even opened her copy of Defen ive Magical Theory. She wa   taring fixedly at Profe or Umbridge with her hand in the air. Harry could not remember Hermione ever neglecting to read when in tructed to, or indeed re i ting the temptation to open any book that came under her no e. He looked at her enquiringly, but  he merely  hook her head  lightly to indicate that  he wa  not about to an wer que tion , and continued to  tare at Profe or Umbridge, who wa  looking ju t a  re olutely in another direction. After  everal more minute  had pa ed, however, Harry wa  not the only one watching Hermione. The chapter they had been in tructed to read wa   o tediou  that more and more people were choo ing to watch Hermione'  mute attempt to catch Profe or Umbridge'  eye rather than  truggle on with 'Ba ic  for Beginner '. When more than half the cla  were  taring at Hermione rather than at their book , Profe or Umbridge  eemed to decide that  he could ignore the  ituation no longer. 'Did you want to a k  omething about the chapter, dear?'  he a ked Hermione, a  though  he had only ju t noticed her. 'Not about the chapter, no,'  aid Hermione. 'Well, we're reading ju t now,'  aid Profe or Umbridge,  howing her  mall pointed teeth. 'If you have other querie  we can deal with them at the end of cla .' 'I've got a query about your cour e aim ,'  aid Hermione. Profe or Umbridge rai ed her eyebrow . 'And your name i ?' 'Hermione Granger,'  aid Hermione. 'Well, Mi  Granger, I think the cour e aim  are perfectly clear if you read them through carefully'  aid Profe or Umbridge in a voice of determined  weetne . 'Well, I don't,'  aid Hermione bluntly. There'  nothing written up there about u ing defen ive  pell .' There wa  a  hort  ilence in which many member  of the cla  turned their head  to frown at the three cour e aim   till written on the blackboard. 'U ing defen ive  pell ?' Profe or Umbridge repeated with a little laugh. 'Why, I can't imagine any  ituation ari ing in my cla room that would require you to u e a defen ive  pell, Mi  Granger. You  urely aren't expecting to be attacked during cla ?' 'We're not going to u e magic?' Ron exclaimed loudly. 'Student  rai e their hand  when they wi h to  peak in my cla , Mr-?' 'Wea ley,'  aid Ron, thru ting hi  hand into the air. Profe or Umbridge,  miling  till more widely, turned her back on him. Harry and Hermione immediately rai ed their hand  too. Profe or Umbridge'  pouchy eye  lingered on Harry for a moment before  he addre ed Hermione. 'Ye , Mi  Granger? You wanted to a k  omething el e?' 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione. 'Surely the whole point of Defence Again t the Dark Art  i  to practi e defen ive  pell ?' 'Are you a Mini try-trained educational expert, Mi  Granger?' a ked Profe or Umbridge, in her fal ely  weet voice. 'No, but -' 'Well then, I'm afraid you are not qualified to decide what the “whole point” of any cla  i . Wizard  much older and cleverer than you have devi ed our new programme of  tudy. You will be learning about defen ive  pell  in a  ecure, ri k-free way -' 'What u e i  that?'  aid Harry loudly. 'If we're going to be attacked, it won't be in a -' 'Hand, Mr Potter!'  ang Profe or Umbridge. Harry thru t hi  fi t in the air. Again, Profe or Umbridge promptly turned away from him, but now  everal other people had their hand  up, too. 'And your name i ?' Profe or Umbridge  aid to Dean. 'Dean Thoma .' 'Well, Mr Thoma ?' 'Well, it'  like Harry  aid, i n't it?'  aid Dean. 'If we're going to be attacked, it won't be ri k free.' 'I repeat,'  aid Profe or Umbridge,  miling in a very irritating fa hion at Dean, 'do you expect to be attacked during my cla e ?' 'No, but -' Profe or Umbridge talked over him. 'I do not wi h to critici e the way thing  have been run in thi   chool,'  he  aid, an unconvincing  mile  tretching her wide mouth, 'but you have been expo ed to  ome very irre pon ible wizard  in thi  cla , very irre pon ible indeed - not to mention,'  he gave a na ty little laugh, 'extremely dangerou  half-breed .' 'If you mean Profe or Lupin,' piped up Dean angrily, 'he wa  the be t we ever -' 'Hand, Mr Thoma ! A  I wa   aying - you have been introduced to  pell  that have been complex, inappropriate to your age group and potentially lethal. You have been frightened into believing that you are likely to meet Dark attack  every other day -' 'No we haven't,' Hermione  aid, 'we ju t -' 'Your hand i  not up, Mi  Granger!' Hermione put up her hand. Profe or Umbridge turned away from her. 'It i  my under tanding that my predece or not only performed illegal cur e  in front of you, he actually performed them on you.' 'Well, he turned out to be a maniac, didn't he?'  aid Dean hotly. 'Mind you, we  till learned load .' 'Your hand i  not up, Mr Thoma !' trilled Profe or Umbridge. 'Now, it i  the view of the Mini try that a theoretical knowledge will be more than  ufficient to get you through your examination, which, after all, i  what  chool i  all about. And your name i ?'  he added,  taring at Parvati, who e hand had ju t  hot up. 'Parvati Patil, and i n't there a practical bit in our Defence Again t the Dark Art  OWL? Aren't we  uppo ed to  how that we can actually do the counter-cur e  and thing ?' 'A  long a  you have  tudied the theory hard enough, there i  no rea on why you  hould not be able to perform the  pell  under carefully controlled examination condition ,'  aid Profe or Umbridge di mi ively. 'Without ever practi ing them beforehand?'  aid Parvati incredulou ly. 'Are you telling u  that the fir t time we'll get to do the  pell  will be during our exam?' 'I repeat, a  long a  you have  tudied the theory hard enough -' 'And what good'  theory going to be in the real world?'  aid Harry loudly, hi  fi t in the air again. Profe or Umbridge looked up. 'Thi  i   chool, Mr Potter, not the real world,'  he  aid  oftly. 'So we're not  uppo ed to be prepared for what'  waiting for u  out there?' There i  nothing waiting out there, Mr Potter.' 'Oh, yeah?'  aid Harry. Hi  temper, which  eemed to have been bubbling ju t beneath the  urface all day, wa  reaching boiling point. 'Who do you imagine want  to attack children like your elve ?' enquired Profe or Umbridge in a horribly honeyed voice. 'Hmm, let'  think…'  aid Harry in a mock thoughtful voice. 'Maybe… Lord VoldemortT Ron ga ped; Lavender Brown uttered a little  cream; Neville  lipped  ideway  off hi   tool. Profe or Umbridge, however, did not flinch. She wa   taring at Harry with a grimly  ati fied expre ion on her face. Ten point  from Gryffindor, Mr Potter.' The cla room wa   ilent and  till. Everyone wa   taring at either Umbridge or Harry. 'Now, let me make a few thing  quite plain.' Profe or Umbridge  tood up and leaned toward  them, her  tubby-fingered hand   played on her de k. 'You have been told that a certain Dark wizard ha  returned from the dead -' 'He wa n't dead,'  aid Harry angrily, 'but yeah, he'  returned!' 'Mr-Potter-you-have-already-lo t-your-hou e-ten-point -do-not-make-matter -wor e-for-your elf,'  aid Profe or Umbridge in one breath without looking at him. 'A  I wa   aying, you have been informed that a certain Dark wizard i  at large once again. Thi  i  a lie.' 'It i  NOT a lie!'  aid Harry. 'I  aw him, I fought him!' 'Detention, Mr Potter!'  aid Profe or Umbridge triumphantly. Tomorrow evening. Five o'clock. My office. I repeat, thi  i  a lie. The Mini try of Magic guarantee  that you are not in danger from any Dark wizard. If you are  till worried, by all mean  come and  ee me out ide cla  hour . If  omeone i  alarming you with fib  about reborn Dark wizard , I would like to hear about it. I am here to help. I am your friend. And now, you will kindly continue your reading. Page five, “Ba ic  for Beginner ”.' Profe or Umbridge  at down behind her de k. Harry, however,  tood up. Everyone wa   taring at him; Seamu  looked half- cared, half-fa cinated. 'Harry, no!' Hermione whi pered in a warning voice, tugging at hi   leeve, but Harry jerked hi  arm out of her reach. 'So, according to you, Cedric Diggory dropped dead of hi  own accord, did he?' Harry a ked, hi  voice  haking. There wa  a collective intake of breath from the cla , for none of them, apart from Ron and Hermione, had ever heard Harry talk about what had happened on the night Cedric had died. They  tared avidly from Harry to Profe or Umbridge, who had rai ed her eye  and wa   taring at him without a trace of a fake  mile on her face. 'Cedric Diggory'  death wa  a tragic accident,'  he  aid coldly. 'It wa  murder,'  aid Harry. He could feel him elf  haking. He had hardly  poken to anyone about thi , lea t of all thirty eagerly li tening cla mate . 'Voldemort killed him and you know it.' Profe or Umbridge'  face wa  quite blank. For a moment, Harry thought  he wa  going to  cream at him. Then  he  aid, in her  ofte t, mo t  weetly girli h voice, 'Come here, Mr Potter, dear.' He kicked hi  chair a ide,  trode around Ron and Hermione and up to the teacher'  de k. He could feel the re t of the cla  holding it  breath. He felt  o angry he did not care what happened next. Profe or Umbridge pulled a  mall roll of pink parchment out of her handbag,  tretched it out on the de k, dipped her quill into a bottle of ink and  tarted  cribbling, hunched over  o that Harry could not  ee what  he wa  writing. Nobody  poke. After a minute or  o  he rolled up the parchment and tapped it with her wand; it  ealed it elf  eamle ly  o that he could not open it. Take thi  to Profe or McGonagall, dear,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, holding out the note to him. He took it from her without  aying a word, turned on hi  heel and left the room, not even looking back at Ron and Hermione,  lamming the cla room door  hut behind him. He walked very fa t along the corridor, the note to McGonagall clutched tight in hi  hand, and turning a corner walked  lap into Peeve  the poltergei t, a wide-mouthed little man floating on hi  back in midair, juggling  everal inkwell . 'Why it'  Potty Wee Potter!' cackled Peeve , allowing two of the inkwell  to fall to the ground where they  ma hed and  pattered the wall  with ink; Harry jumped backward  out of the way with a  narl. 'Get out of it, Peeve .' 'Oooh, Crackpot'  feeling cranky'  aid Peeve , pur uing Harry along the corridor, leering a  he zoomed along above him. 'What i  it thi  time, my fine Potty friend? Hearing voice ? Seeing vi ion ? Speaking in -' Peeve  blew a gigantic ra pberry '— tongue ?' 'I  aid, leave me ALONE!' Harry  houted, running down the neare t flight of  tair , but Peeve  merely  lid down the bani ter on hi  back be ide him. 'Oh, mo t think he'  barking, the potty wee lad, But  ome are more kindly and think he'  ju t  ad, But Peeve y know  better and  ay  that he'  mad — 'SHUT UP!' A door to hi  left flew open and Profe or McGonagall emerged from her office looking grim and  lightly hara ed. 'What on earth are you  houting about, Potter?'  he  napped, a  Peeve  cackled gleefully and zoomed out of  ight. 'Why aren't you in cla ?' 'I've been  ent to  ee you,'  aid Harry  tiffly. 'Sent? What do you mean,  ent?' He held out the note from Profe or Umbridge. Profe or McGonagall took it from him, frowning,  lit it open with a tap of her wand,  tretched it out and began to read. Her eye  zoomed from  ide to  ide behind their  quare  pectacle  a   he read what Umbridge had written, and with each line they became narrower. 'Come in here, Potter.' He followed her in ide her  tudy. The door clo ed automatically behind him. 'Well?'  aid Profe or McGonagall, rounding on him. 'I  thi  true?' 'I  what true?' Harry a ked, rather more aggre ively than he had intended. 'Profe or?' he added, in an attempt to  ound more polite. 'I  it true that you  houted at Profe or Umbridge?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. 'You called her a liar?' 'Ye .' 'You told her He Who Mu t Not Be Named i  back?' 'Ye .' Profe or McGonagall  at down behind her de k, watching Harry clo ely. Then  he  aid, 'Have a bi cuit, Potter.' 'Have - what?' 'Have a bi cuit,'  he repeated impatiently, indicating a tartan tin lying on top of one of the pile  of paper  on her de k. 'And  it down.' There had been a previou  occa ion when Harry, expecting to be caned by Profe or McGonagall, had in tead been appointed by her to the Gryffindor Quidditch team. He  ank into a chair oppo ite her and helped him elf to a Ginger Newt, feeling ju t a  confu ed and wrong-footed a  he had done on that occa ion. Profe or McGonagall  et down Profe or Umbridge'  note and looked very  eriou ly at Harry. 'Potter, you need to be careful.' Harry  wallowed hi  mouthful of Ginger Newt and  tared at her. Her tone of voice wa  not at all what he wa  u ed to; it wa  not bri k, cri p and  tern; it wa  low and anxiou  and  omehow much more human than u ual. 'Mi behaviour in Dolore  Umbridge'  cla  could co t you much more than hou e point  and a detention.' 'What do you -?' 'Potter, u e your common  en e,'  napped Profe or McGonagall, with an abrupt return to her u ual manner. 'You know where  he come  from, you mu t know to whom  he i  reporting.' The bell rang for the end of the le on. Overhead and all around came the elephantine  ound  of hundred  of  tudent  on the move. 'It  ay  here  he'  given you detention every evening thi  week,  tarting tomorrow,' Profe or McGonagall  aid, looking down at Umbridge'  note again. 'Every evening thi  week!' Harry repeated, horrified. 'But, Profe or, couldn't you -?' 'No, I couldn't,'  aid Profe or McGonagall flatly. 'But -' 'She i  your teacher and ha  every right to give you detention. You will go to her room at five o'clock tomorrow for the fir t one. Ju t remember: tread carefully around Dolore  Umbridge.' 'But I wa  telling the truth!'  aid Harry, outraged. 'Voldemort i  back, you know he i ; Profe or Dumbledore know  he i  -' 'For heaven'   ake, Potter!'  aid Profe or McGonagall,  traightening her gla e  angrily ( he had winced horribly when he had u ed Voldemort'  name). 'Do you really think thi  i  about truth or lie ? It'  about keeping your head down and your temper under control!' She  tood up, no tril  wide and mouth very thin, and Harry  tood up, too. 'Have another bi cuit,'  he  aid irritably, thru ting the tin at him. 'No, thank ,'  aid Harry coldly. 'Don't be ridiculou ,'  he  napped. •,•• He took one. 'Thank ,' he  aid grudgingly. 'Didn't you li ten to Dolore  Umbridge'   peech at the  tart-of-term fea t, Potter?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'Yeah…  he  aid… progre  will be prohibited or… well, it meant that… that the Mini try of Magic i  trying to interfere at Hogwart .' Profe or McGonagall eyed him clo ely for a moment, then  niffed, walked around her de k and held open the door for him. 'Well, I'm glad you li ten to Hermione Granger at any rate,'  he  aid, pointing him out of her office. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 13 - Detention with Dolore  Dinner in the Great Hall that night wa  not a plea ant experience for Harry. The new  about hi   houting match with Umbridge had traveled exceptionally fa t even by Hogwart '  tandard . He heard whi per  all around him a  he  at eating between Ron and Hermione. The funny thing wa  that none of the whi perer   eemed to mind him overhearing what they were  aying about him. On the contrary, it wa  a  though they were hoping he would get angry and  tart  houting again,  o that they could hear hi   tory fir t-hand. 'He  ay  he  aw Cedric Diggory murdered…' 'He reckon  he duelled with You-Know-Who…' 'Come off it…" 'Who doe  he think he'  kidding?' Tur-Zea e…" 'What I don't get,'  aid Harry through clenched teeth, laying down hi  knife and fork (hi  hand  were  haking too much to hold them  teady), 'i  why they all believed the  tory two month  ago when Dumbledore told them…' 'The thing i , Harry, I'm not  ure they did,'  aid Hermione grimly. 'Oh, let'  get out of here.' She  lammed down her own knife and fork; Ron looked longingly at hi  half-fini hed apple pie but followed  uit. People  tared at them all the way out of the Hall. 'What d'you mean, you're not  ure they believed Dumbledore?' Harry a ked Hermione when they reached the fir t-floor landing. 'Look, you don't under tand what it wa  like after it happened,'  aid Hermione quietly. 'You arrived back in the middle of the lawn clutching Cedric'  dead body… none of u   aw what happened in the maze… we ju t had Dumbledore'  word for it that You-Know-Who had come back and killed Cedric and fought you.' 'Which i  the truth!'  aid Harry loudly. 'I know it i , Harry,  o will you plea e  top biting my head off?'  aid Hermione wearily. 'It'  ju t that before the truth could  ink in, everyone went home for the  ummer, where they  pent two month  reading about how you're a nutca e and Dumbledore'  going  enile!' Rain pounded on the windowpane  a  they  trode along the empty corridor  back to Gryffindor Tower. Harry felt a  though hi  fir t day had la ted a week, but he  till had a mountain of homework to do before bed. A dull pounding pain wa  developing over hi  right eye. He glanced out of a rain-wa hed window at the dark ground  a  they turned into the Fat Lady'  corridor. There wa   till no light in Hagrid'  cabin. 'Mimbulu  mimbletonia,'  aid Hermione, before the Fat Lady could a k. The portrait  wung open to reveal the hole behind it and the three of them  crambled through it. The common room wa  almo t empty; nearly everyone wa   till down at dinner. Crook hank  uncoiled him elf from an armchair and trotted to meet them, purring loudly, and when Harry, Ron and Hermione took their three favourite chair  at the fire ide he leapt lightly on to Hermione'  lap and curled up there like a furry ginger cu hion. Harry gazed into the flame , feeling drained and exhau ted. 'How can Dumbledore have let thi  happen?' Hermione cried  uddenly, making Harry and Ron jump; Crook hank  leapt off her, looking affronted. She pounded the arm  of her chair in fury,  o that bit  of  tuffing leaked out of the hole . 'How can he let that terrible woman teach u ? And in our OWL year, too!' 'Well, we've never had great Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher , have we?'  aid Harry. 'You know what it'  like, Hagrid told u , nobody want  the job; they  ay it'  jinxed.' 'Ye , but to employ  omeone who'  actually refu ing to let u  do magic! What'  Dumbledore playing at?' 'And  he'  trying to get people to  py for her,'  aid Ron darkly. 'Remember when  he  aid  he wanted u  to come and tell her if we hear anyone  aying You-Know-Who'  back?' 'Of cour e  he'  here to  py on u  all, that'  obviou , why el e would Fudge have wanted her to come?'  napped Hermione. 'Don't  tart arguing again,'  aid Harry wearily, a  Ron opened hi  mouth to retaliate. 'Can't we ju t… let'  ju t do that homework, get it out of the way…' They collected their  choolbag  from a corner and returned to the chair  by the fire. People were coming back from dinner now. Harry kept hi  face averted from the portrait hole, but could  till  en e the  tare  he wa  attracting. 'Shall we do Snape'   tuff fir t?'  aid Ron, dipping hi  quill into hi  ink. “The propertie … of moon tone… and it  u e  … in potion-making…'” he muttered, writing the word  acro  the top of hi  parchment a  he  poke them. There.' He underlined the title, then looked up expectantly at Hermione. 'So, what are the propertie  of moon tone and it  u e  in potion-making?' But Hermione wa  not li tening;  he wa   quinting over into the far corner of the room, where Fred, George and Lee Jordan were now  itting at the centre of a knot of innocent-looking fir t-year , all of whom were chewing  omething that  eemed to have come out of a large paper bag that Fred wa  holding. 'No, I'm  orry, they've gone too far,'  he  aid,  tanding up and looking po itively furiou . 'Come on, Ron.' '1 - what?'  aid Ron, plainly playing for time. 'No - come on, Hermione - we can't tell them off for giving out  weet .' 'You know perfectly well that tho e are bit  of No ebleed Nougat or - or Puking Pa tille  or -' 'Fainting Fancie ?' Harry  ugge ted quietly. One by one, a  though hit over the head with an invi ible mallet, the fir t-year  were  lumping uncon ciou  in their  eat ;  ome  lid right on to the floor, other  merely hung over the arm  of their chair , their tongue  lolling out. Mo t of the people watching were laughing; Hermione, however,  quared her  houlder  and marched directly over to where Fred and George now  tood with clipboard , clo ely ob erving the uncon ciou  fir t-year . Ron ro e halfway out of hi  chair, hovered uncertainly for a moment or two, then muttered to Harry, 'She'  got it under control,' before  inking a  low in hi  chair a  hi  lanky frame permitted. That'  enough!' Hermione  aid forcefully to Fred and George, both of whom looked up in mild  urpri e. 'Yeah, you're right,'  aid George, nodding, 'thi  do age look   trong enough, doe n't it?' 'I told you thi  morning, you can't te t your rubbi h on  tudent !' 'We're paying them!'  aid Fred indignantly. 'I don't care, it could be dangerou !' 'Rubbi h,'  aid Fred. 'Calm down, Hermione, they're fine!'  aid Lee rea uringly a  he walked from fir t-year to fir t-year, in erting purple  weet  into their open mouth . 'Yeah, look, they're coming round now,'  aid George. A few of the fir t-year  were indeed  tirring. Several looked  o  hocked to find them elve  lying on the floor, or dangling off their chair , that Harry wa   ure Fred and George had not warned them what the  weet  were going to do. 'Feel all right?'  aid George kindly to a  mall dark-haired girl lying at hi  feet. 'I - I think  o,'  he  aid  hakily. 'Excellent,'  aid Fred happily, but the next  econd Hermione had  natched both hi  clipboard and the paper bag of Fainting Fancie  from hi  hand . 'It i  NOT excellent!' 'Cour e it i , they're alive, aren't they?'  aid Fred angrily. 'You can't do thi , what if you made one of them really ill?' 'We're not going to make them ill, we've already te ted them all on our elve , thi  i  ju t to  ee if everyone react  the  ame -' 'If you don't  top doing it, I'm going to -' 'Put u  in detention?'  aid Fred, in an I'd-like-to- ee-you-try-it voice. 'Make u  write line ?'  aid George,  mirking. Onlooker  all over the room were laughing. Hermione drew her elf up to her full height; her eye  were narrowed and her bu hy hair  eemed to crackle with electricity. 'No,'  he  aid, her voice quivering with anger, 'but I will write to your mother.' 'You wouldn't,'  aid George, horrified, taking a  tep back from her. 'Oh, ye , I would,'  aid Hermione grimly. '1 can't  top you eating the  tupid thing  your elve , but you're not to give them to the fir t-year .' Fred and George looked thunder truck. It wa  clear that a  far a  they were concerned, Hermione'  threat wa  way below the belt. With a la t threatening look at them,  he thru t Fred'  clipboard and the bag of Fancie  back into hi  arm , and  talked back to her chair by the fire. Ron wa  now  o low in hi   eat that hi  no e wa  roughly level with hi  knee . Thank you for your  upport, Ron,' Hermione  aid acidly. 'You handled it fine by your elf,' Ron mumbled. Hermione  tared down at her blank piece of parchment for a few  econd , then  aid edgily, 'Oh, it'  no good, I can't concentrate now. I'm going to bed.' She wrenched her bag open; Harry thought  he wa  about to put her book  away, but in tead  he pulled out two mi hapen woolly object , placed them carefully on a table by the fireplace, covered them with a few  crewed-up bit  of parchment and a broken quill and  tood back to admire the effect. 'What in the name of Merlin are you doing?'  aid Ron, watching her a  though fearful for her  anity. They're hat  for hou e-elve ,'  he  aid bri kly, now  tuffing her book  back into her bag. 'I did them over the  ummer. I'm a really  low knitter without magic but now I'm back at  chool I  hould be able to make lot  more.' 'You're leaving out hat  for the hou e-elve ?'  aid Ron  lowly. 'And you're covering them up with rubbi h fir t?' 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione defiantly,  winging her bag on to her back. That'  not on,'  aid Ron angrily. 'You're trying to trick them into picking up the hat . You're  etting them free when they might not want to be free.' 'Of cour e they want to be free!'  aid Hermione at once, though I her face wa  turning pink. 'Don't you dare touch tho e hat , Ron!' She turned on her heel and left. Ron waited until  he had di appeared through the door to the girl ' dormitorie , then cleared the rubbi h off the woolly hat . 'They  hould at lea t  ee what they're picking up,' he  aid firmly. 'Anyway…' he rolled up the parchment on which he had written the title of Snape'  e ay, 'there'  no point trying to fini h thi  now, I can't do it without Hermione, I haven't got a clue what you're  uppo ed to do with moon tone , have you?' Harry  hook hi  head, noticing a  he did  o that the ache in hi  right temple wa  getting wor e. He thought of the long e ay on giant war  and the pain  tabbed at him  harply. Knowing perfectly well that when the morning came, he would regret not fini hing hi  homework that night, he piled hi  book  back into hi  bag. 'I'm going to bed too.' He pa ed Seamu  on the way to the door leading to the dormitorie , but did not look at him. Harry had a fleeting impre ion that Seamu  had opened hi  mouth to  peak, but he  ped up and reached the  oothing peace of the  tone  piral  tairca e without having to endure any more provocation. * The following day dawned ju t a  leaden and rainy a  the previou  one. Hagrid wa   till ab ent from the  taff table at breakfa t. 'But on the plu   ide, no Snape today'  aid Ron bracingly. Hermione yawned widely and poured her elf  ome coffee. She looked mildly plea ed about  omething, and when Ron a ked her what  he had to be  o happy about,  he  imply  aid, The hat  have gone. Seem  the hou e-elve  do want freedom after all.' '1 wouldn't bet on it,' Ron told her cuttingly. They might not count a  clothe . They didn't look anything like hat  to me, more like woolly bladder .' Hermione did not  peak to him all morning. Double Charm  wa   ucceeded by double Tran figuration. Profe or Flitwick and Profe or McGonagall both  pent the fir t fifteen minute  of their le on  lecturing the cla  on the importance of OWL . 'What you mu t remember,'  aid little Profe or Flitwick  queakily perched a  ever on a pile of book   o that he could  ee over the top of hi  de k, 'i  that the e examination  may influence your future  for many year  to come! If you have not already given  eriou  thought to your career , now i  the time to do  o. And in the meantime, I'm afraid, we  hall be working harder than ever to en ure that you all do your elve  ju tice!' They then  pent over an hour revi ing Summoning Charm , which according to Profe or Flitwick were bound to come up in their OWL, and he rounded off the le on by  etting them their large t ever amount of Charm  homework. It wa  the  ame, if not wor e, in Tran figuration. 'You cannot pa  an OWL,'  aid Profe or McGonagall grimly, 'without  eriou  application, practice and  tudy. I  ee no rea on why everybody in thi  cla   hould not achieve an OWL in Tran figuration a  long a  they put in the work.' Neville made a  ad little di believing noi e. 'Ye , you too, Longbottom,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. There'  nothing wrong with your work except lack of confidence. So… today we are  tarting Vani hing Spell . The e are ea ier than Conjuring Spell , which you would not u ually attempt until NEWT level, but they are  till among the mo t difficult magic you will be te ted on in your OWL.' She wa  quite right; Harry found the Vani hing Spell  horribly difficult. By the end of a double period neither he nor Ron had managed to vani h the  nail  on which they were practi ing, though Ron  aid hopefully he thought hi  looked a bit paler. Hermione, on the other hand,  ucce fully vani hed her  nail on the third attempt, earning her a ten-point bonu  for Gryffindor from Profe or McGonagall. She wa  the only per on not given homework; everybody el e wa  told to practi e the  pell overnight, ready for a fre h attempt on their  nail  the following afternoon. Now panicking  lightly about the amount of homework they had to do, Harry and Ron  pent their lunch hour in the library looking up the u e  of moon tone  in potion-making. Still angry about Ron'   lur on her woolly hat , Hermione did not join them. By the time they reached Care of Magical Creature  in the afternoon, Harry'  head wa  aching again. The day had become cool and breezy, and a  they walked down the  loping lawn toward  Hagrid'  cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t, they felt the occa ional drop of rain on their face . Profe or Grubbly-Plank  tood waiting for the cla   ome ten yard  from Hagrid'  front door, a long tre tle table in front of her laden with twig . A  Harry and Ron reached her, a loud  hout of laughter  ounded behind them; turning, they  aw Draco Malfoy  triding toward  them,  urrounded by hi  u ual gang of Slytherin cronie . He had clearly ju t  aid  omething highly amu ing, becau e Crabbe, Goyle, Pan y Parkin on and the re t continued to  nigger heartily a  they gathered around the tre tle table and, judging by the way they all kept looking over at Harry, he wa  able to gue  the  ubject of the joke without too much difficulty. 'Everyone here?' barked Profe or Grubbly-Plank, once all the Slytherin  and Gryffindor  had arrived. 'Let'  crack on then. Who can tell me what the e thing  are called?' She indicated the heap of twig  in front of her. Hermione'  hand  hot into the air. Behind her back, Malfoy did a buck-toothed imitation of her jumping up and down in eagerne  to an wer a que tion. Pan y Parkin on gave a  hriek of laughter that turned almo t at once into a  cream, a  the twig  on the table leapt into the air and revealed them elve  to be what looked like tiny pixie-i h creature  made of wood, each with knobbly brown arm  and leg , two twiglike finger  at the end of each hand and a funny flat, barklike face in which a pair of beetle-brown eye  glittered. 'Oooooh!'  aid Parvati and Lavender, thoroughly irritating Harry. Anyone would have thought Hagrid had never  hown them impre ive creature ; admittedly, the Flobberworm  had been a bit dull, but the Salamander  and Hippogriff  had been intere ting enough, and the Bla t-Ended Skrewt  perhap  too much  o. 'Kindly keep your voice  down, girl !'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank  harply,  cattering a handful of what looked like brown rice among the  tick-creature , who immediately fell upon the food. 'So - anyone know the name  of the e creature ? Mi  Granger?' 'Bowtruckle ,'  aid Hermione. They're tree-guardian , u ually live in wand-tree .' 'Five point  for Gryffindor,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank. 'Ye , the e are Bowtruckle , and a  Mi  Granger rightly  ay , they generally live in tree  who e wood i  of wand quality. Anybody know what they eat?' 'Woodlice,'  aid Hermione promptly which explained why what Harry had taken to be grain  of brown rice were moving. 'But fairy egg  if they can get them.' 'Good girl, take another five point . So, whenever you need leave  or wood from a tree in which a Bowtruckle lodge , it i  wi e to have a gift of woodlice ready to di tract or placate it. They may not look dangerou , but if angered they will try to gouge at human eye  with their finger , which, a  you can  ee, are very  harp and not at all de irable near the eyeball . So if you'd like to gather clo er, take a few woodlice and a Bowtruckle - I have enough here for one between three - you can  tudy them more clo ely. I want a  ketch from each of you with all body-part  labelled by the end of the le on.' The cla   urged forward  around the tre tle table. Harry deliberately circled around the back  o that he ended up right next to Profe or Grubbly-Plank. 'Where'  Hagrid?' he a ked her, while everyone el e wa  choo ing Bowtruckle . 'Never you mind,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank repre ively, which had been her attitude la t time Hagrid had failed to turn up for a cla , too. Smirking all over hi  pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned acro  Harry and  eized the large t Bowtruckle. 'Maybe,'  aid Malfoy in an undertone,  o that only Harry could hear him, 'the  tupid great oaf'  got him elf badly injured.' 'Maybe you will if you don't  hut up,'  aid Harry out of the  ide of hi  mouth. 'Maybe he'  been me ing with  tuff that'  too big for him, if you get my drift.' Malfoy walked away,  mirking over hi   houlder at Harry, who felt  uddenly  ick. Did Malfoy know  omething? Hi  father wa  a Death Eater after all; what if he had information about Hagrid'  fate that had not yet reached the ear  of the Order? He hurried back around the table to Ron and Hermione who were  quatting on the gra   ome di tance away and attempting to per uade a Bowtruckle to remain  till long enough for them to draw it. Harry pulled out parchment and quill, crouched down be ide the other  and related in a whi per what Malfoy had ju t  aid. 'Dumbledore would know if  ome thing had happened to Hagrid,'  aid Hermione at once. 'It'  ju t playing into Malfoy'  hand  to look worried; it tell  him we don't know exactly what'  going on. We've got to ignore him, Harry. Here, hold the Bowtruckle for a moment, ju t  o I can draw it  face…' 'Ye ,' came Malfoy'  clear drawl from the group neare t them, 'Father wa  talking to the Mini ter ju t a couple of day  ago, you know, and it  ound  a  though the Mini try'  really determined to crack down on  ub- tandard teaching in thi  place. So even if that overgrown moron doe   how up again, he'll probably be  ent packing  traightaway.' 'OUCH!' Harry had gripped the Bowtruckle  o hard that it had almo t  napped, and it had ju t taken a great retaliatory  wipe at hi  hand with it   harp finger , leaving two long deep cut  there. Harry dropped it. Crabbe and Goyle, who had already been guffawing at the idea of Hagrid being  acked, laughed  till harder a  the Bowtruckle  et off at full tilt toward  the Fore t, a little moving  tick-man  oon  wallowed up among the tree root . When the bell echoed di tantly over the ground , Harry rolled up hi  blood- tained Bowtruckle picture and marched off to Herbology with hi  hand wrapped in Hermione'  handkerchief, and Malfoy'  deri ive laughter  till ringing in hi  ear . 'If he call  Hagrid a moron one more time…'  aid Harry through gritted teeth. 'Harry, don't go picking a row with Malfoy, don't forget, he'  a prefect now, he could make life difficult for you…' 'Wow, I wonder what it'd be like to have a difficult life?'  aid Harry  arca tically. Ron laughed, but Hermione frowned. Together, they traip ed acro  the vegetable patch. The  ky  till appeared unable to make up it  mind whether it wanted to rain or not. 'I ju t wi h Hagrid would hurry up and get back, that'  all,'  aid Harry in a low voice, a  they reached the greenhou e . 'And don't  ay that Grubbly-Plank woman'  a better teacher!' he added threateningly. 'I wa n't going to,'  aid Hermione calmly. 'Becau e  he'll never be a  good a  Hagrid,'  aid Harry firmly, fully aware that he had ju t experienced an exemplary Care of Magical Creature  le on and wa  thoroughly annoyed about it. The door of the neare t greenhou e opened and  ome fourth-year   pilled out of it, including Ginny. 'Hi,'  he  aid brightly a   he pa ed. A few  econd  later, Luna Lovegood emerged, trailing behind the re t of the cla , a  mudge of earth on her no e, and her hair tied in a knot on the top of her head. When  he  aw Harry, her prominent eye   eemed to bulge excitedly and  he made a beeline  traight for him. Many of hi  cla mate  turned curiou ly to watch. Luna took a great breath and then  aid, without  o much a  a preliminary hello, 'I believe He Who Mu t Not Be Named i  back and I believe you fought him and e caped from him.' 'Er - right,'  aid Harry awkwardly. Luna wa  wearing what looked like a pair of orange radi he  for earring , a fact that Parvati and Lavender  eemed to have noticed, a  they were both giggling and pointing at her earlobe . 'You can laugh,' Luna  aid, her voice ri ing, apparently under the impre ion that Parvati and Lavender were laughing at what  he had  aid rather than what  he wa  wearing, 'but people u ed to believe there were no  uch thing  a  the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack!' 'Well, they were right, weren't they?'  aid Hermione impatiently. There weren't any  uch thing  a  the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack.' Luna gave her a withering look and flounced away, radi he   winging madly Parvati and Lavender were not the only one  hooting with laughter now. 'D'you mind not offending the only people who believe me?' Harry a ked Hermione a  they made their way into cla . 'Oh, for heaven'   ake, Harry, you can do better than her,'  aid Hermione. 'Ginny'  told me all about her; apparently,  he'll only believe in thing  a  long a  there'  no proof at all. Well, I wouldn't expect anything el e from  omeone who e father run  The Quibbler.' Harry thought of the  ini ter winged hor e  he had  een on the night he had arrived and how Luna had  aid  he could  ee them too. Hi   pirit   ank  lightly. Had  he been lying? But before he could devote much more thought to the matter, Ernie Macmillan had  tepped up to him. 'I want you to know, Potter,' he  aid in a loud, carrying voice, 'that it'  not only weirdo  who  upport you. I per onally believe you one hundred per cent. My family have alway   tood firm behind Dumbledore, and  o do I.' 'Er - thank  very much, Ernie,'  aid Harry, taken aback but plea ed. Ernie might be pompou  on occa ion  like thi , but Harry wa  in a mood to deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from  omebody who did not have radi he  dangling from their ear . Ernie'  word  had certainly wiped the  mile from Lavender Brown'  face and a  he turned to talk to Ron and Hermione, Harry caught Seamu  expre ion, which looked both confu ed and defiant. To nobody'   urpri e, Profe or Sprout  tarted their le on by lecturing them about the importance of OWL . Harry wi hed all the teacher  would  top doing thi ; he wa   tarting to get an anxiou , twi ted feeling in hi   tomach every time he remembered how much homework he had to do, a feeling that wor ened dramatically when Profe or Sprout gave them yet another e ay at the . end of cla . Tired and  melling  trongly of dragon dung, Profe or Sprout'  preferred type of fertili er, the Gryffindor  trooped back up to the ca tle an hour and a half later, none of them talking very much; it had been another long day. A  Harry wa   tarving, and he had hi  fir t detention with Umbridge at five o'clock, he headed  traight for dinner without dropping off hi  bag in Gryffindor Tower  o that he could bolt  omething down before facing whatever  he had in  tore for him. He had barely reached the entrance of the Great Hall, however, when a loud and angry voice yelled, 'Oi, Potter!' 'What now?' he muttered wearily, turning to face Angelina John on, who looked a  though  he wa  in a towering temper. 'I'll tell you what now,'  he  aid, marching  traight up to him and poking him hard in the che t with her finger. 'How come you've landed your elf in detention for five o'clock on Friday?' 'What?'  aid Harry. 'Why… oh yeah, Keeper tryout !' 'Now he remember !'  narled Angelina. 'Didn't I tell you I wanted to do a tryout with the whole team, and find  omeone who fitted in with everyone! Didn't I tell you I'd booked the Quidditch pitch  pecially? And now you've decided you're not going to be there!' 'I didn't decide not to be there!'  aid Harry,  tung by the inju tice of the e word . 'I got detention from that Umbridge woman, ju t becau e I told her the truth about You-Know-Who.' 'Well, you can ju t go  traight to her and a k her to let you off on Friday,'  aid Angelina fiercely, 'and I don't care how you do it. Tell her You-Know-Who'  a figment of your imagination if you like, ju t make  ure you re there}' She turned on her heel and  tormed away. 'You know what?' Harry  aid to Ron and Hermione a  they entered the Great Hall. 'I think we'd better check with Puddlemere United whether Oliver Wood'  been killed during a training  e ion, becau e Angelina  eem  to be channelling hi   pirit.' 'What d'you reckon are the odd  of Umbridge letting you off on Friday?'  aid Ron  ceptically, a  they  at down at the Gryffindor table. 'Le  than zero,'  aid Harry glumly, tipping lamb chop  on to hi  plate and  tarting to eat. 'Better try, though, hadn't I? I'll offer to do two more detention  or  omething, I dunno…" He  wallowed a mouthful of potato and added, 'I hope  he doe n't keep me too long thi  evening. You reali e we've got to write three e ay , practi e Vani hing Spell  for McGonagall, work out a counter-charm for Flitwick, fini h the Bowtruckle drawing and  tart that  tupid dream diary for Trelawney?' Ron moaned and for  ome rea on glanced up at the ceiling. 'And it look  like it'  going to rain.' 'What'  that got to do with our homework?'  aid Hermione, her eyebrow  rai ed. 'Nothing,'  aid Ron at once, hi  ear  reddening. At five to five Harry bade the other two goodbye and  et off for Umbridge'  office on the third floor. When he knocked on the door  he called, 'Come in,' in a  ugary voice. He entered cautiou ly, looking around. He had known thi  office under three of it  previou  occupant . In the day  when Gilderoy Lockhart had lived here it had been pla tered in beaming portrait  of him elf. When Lupin had occupied it, it wa  likely you would meet  ome fa cinating Dark creature in a cage or tank if you came to call. In the impo tor Moody'  day  it had been packed with variou  in trument  and artefact  for the detection of wrongdoing and concealment. Now, however, it looked totally unrecogni able. The  urface  had all been draped in lacy cover  and cloth . There were  everal va e  full of dried flower , each one re iding on it  own doily, and on one of the wall  wa  a collection of ornamental plate , each decorated with a large technicolour kitten wearing a different bow around it  neck. The e were  o foul that Harry  tared at them, tran fixed, until Profe or Umbridge  poke again. 'Good evening, Mr Potter.' Harry  tarted and looked around. He had not noticed her at fir t becau e  he wa  wearing a luridly flowered  et of robe  that blended only too well with the tablecloth on the de k behind her. 'Evening, Profe or Umbridge,' Harry  aid  tiffly. 'Well,  it down,'  he  aid, pointing toward  a  mall table draped in lace be ide which  he had drawn up a  traight-backed chair. A piece of blank parchment lay on the table, apparently waiting for him. 'Er,'  aid Harry, without moving. 'Profe or Umbridge. Er - before we  tart, I - I wanted to a k you a… a favour.' Her bulging eye  narrowed. 'Oh, ye ?' 'Well, I'm… I'm in the Gryffindor Quidditch team. And I wa   uppo ed to be at the tryout  for the new Keeper at five o'clock on Friday and I wa  - wa  wondering whether I could  kip detention that night and do it - do it another night… in tead…' He knew long before he reached the end of hi   entence that it wa  no good. 'Oh, no,'  aid Umbridge,  miling  o widely that  he looked a  though  he had ju t  wallowed a particularly juicy fly. 'Oh, no, no, no. Thi  i  your puni hment for  preading evil, na ty, attention- eeking  torie , Mr Potter, and puni hment  certainly cannot be adju ted to  uit the guilty one'  convenience. No, you will come •r here at five o'clock tomorrow, and the next day, and on Friday too, and you will do your detention  a  planned. I think it rather a good thing that you are mi ing  omething you really want to do. It ought to reinforce the le on I am trying to teach you.' Harry felt the blood  urge to hi  head and heard a thumping noi e in hi  ear . So he told 'evil, na ty, attention- eeking  tone ', did he? She wa  watching him with her head  lightly to one  ide,  till  miling widely, a  though  he knew exactly what he wa  thinking and wa  waiting to  ee whether he would  tart  houting again. With a ma ive effort, Harry looked away from her, dropped hi   choolbag be ide the  traight-backed chair and  at down. There,'  aid Umbridge  weetly, 'we're getting better at controlling our temper already, aren't we? Now, you are going to be doing  ome line  for me, Mr Potter. No, not with your quill,'  he added, a  Harry bent down to open hi  bag. 'You're going to be u ing a rather  pecial one of mine. Here you are.' She handed him a long, thin black quill with an unu ually  harp point. 'I want you to write, / mu t not tell lie ,'  he told him  oftly. 'How many time ?' Harry a ked, with a creditable imitation of politene . 'Oh, a  long a  it take  for the me age to  ink in,'  aid Umbridge  weetly. 'Off you go.' She moved over to her de k,  at down and bent over a  tack of parchment that looked like e ay  for marking. Harry rai ed the  harp black quill, then reali ed what wa  mi ing. 'You haven't given me any ink,' he  aid. 'Oh, you won't need ink,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, with the mere t  ugge tion of a laugh in her voice. Harry placed the point of the quill on the paper and wrote: / mu t not tell lie . He let out a ga p of pain. The word  had appeared on the parchment in what appeared to be  hining red ink. At the  ame time, the word  had appeared on the back of Harry  right hand, cut into hi   kin a  though traced there by a  calpel - yet even a  he  tared at the  hining cut, the  kin healed over again, leaving the place where it had been  lightly redder than before but quite  mooth. Harry looked round at Umbridge. She wa  watching him, her wide, toadlike mouth  tretched in a  mile. 'Ye ?' 'Nothing,'  aid Harry quietly. He looked back at the parchment, placed the quill on it once more, wrote I mu t not tell lie , and felt the  earing pain on the back of hi  hand for a  econd time; once again, the word  had been cut into hi   kin; once again, they healed over  econd  later. And on it went. Again and again Harry wrote the word  on the parchment in what he  oon came to reali e wa  not ink, but hi  own blood. And, again and again, the word  were cut into the back of hi  hand, healed, and reappeared the next time he  et quill to parchment. Darkne  fell out ide Umbridge'  window. Harry did not a k when he would be allowed to  top. He did not even check hi  watch. He knew  he wa  watching him for  ign  of weakne  and he wa  not going to  how any, not even if he had to  it there all night, cutting open hi  own hand with thi  quill… 'Come here,'  he  aid, after what  eemed hour . He  tood up. Hi  hand wa   tinging painfully. When he looked down at it he  aw that the cut had healed, but that the  kin there wa  red raw. 'Hand,'  he  aid. He extended it. She took it in her own. Harry repre ed a  hudder a   he touched him with her thick,  tubby finger  on which  he wore a number of ugly old ring . Tut, tut, I don't  eem to have made much of an impre ion yet,'  he  aid,  miling. 'Well, we'll ju t have to try again tomorrow evening, won't we? You may go.' Harry left her office without a word. The  chool wa  quite de erted; it wa   urely pa t midnight. He walked  lowly up the corridor, then, when he had turned the corner and wa   ure  he would not hear him, broke into a run. * He had not had time to practi e Vani hing Spell , had not written a  ingle dream in hi  dream diary and had not fini hed the drawing of the Bowtruckle, nor had he written hi  e ay . He  kipped breakfa t next morning to  cribble down a couple of made-up dream  for Divination, their fir t le on, and wa   urpri ed to find a di hevelled Ron keeping him company. 'How come you didn't do it la t night?' Harry a ked, a  Ron  tared wildly around the common room for in piration. Ron, who had been fa t a leep when Harry got back to the dormitory, muttered  omething about 'doing other  tuff, bent low over hi  parchment and  crawled a few word . That'll have to do,' he  aid,  lamming the diary  hut. 'I've  aid I dreamed I wa  buying a new pair of  hoe ,  he can't make anything weird out of that, can  he?' They hurried off to North Tower together. 'How wa  detention with Umbridge, anyway? What did  he make you do?' Harry he itated for a fraction of a  econd, then  aid, 'Line .' That'  not too bad, then, eh?'  aid Ron. 'Nope,'  aid Harry. 'Hey - I forgot - did  he let you off for Friday?' 'No,'  aid Harry. Ron groaned  ympathetically. It wa  another bad day for Harry; he wa  one of the wor t in Tran figuration, not having practi ed Vani hing Spell  at all. He had to give up hi  lunch hour to complete the picture of the Bowtruckle and, meanwhile, Profe or  McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank and Sini tra gave them yet more homework, which he had no pro pect of fini hing that evening becau e of hi   econd detention with Umbridge. To cap it all, Angelina John on tracked him down at dinner again and, on learning that he would not be able to attend Friday'  Keeper tryout , told him  he wa  not at all impre ed by hi  attitude and that  he expected player  who wi hed to remain on the team to put training before their other commitment . 'I'm in detention!' Harry yelled after her a   he  talked away. 'D'you think I'd rather be  tuck in a room with that old toad or playing Quidditch?' 'At lea t it'  only line ,'  aid Hermione con olingly, a  Harry  ank back on to hi  bench and looked down at hi   teak and kidney pie, which he no longer fancied very much. 'It'  not a  if it'  a dreadful puni hment, really…" Harry opened hi  mouth, clo ed it again and nodded. He wa  not really  ure why he wa  not telling Ron and Hermione exactly what wa  happening in Umbridge'  room: he only knew that he did not want to  ee their look  of horror; that would make the whole thing  eem wor e and therefore more difficult to face. He al o felt dimly that thi  wa  between him elf and Umbridge, a private battle of will , and he wa  not going to give her the  ati faction of hearing that he had complained about it. 'I can't believe how much homework we've got,'  aid Ron mi erably. 'Well, why didn't you do any la t night?' Hermione a ked him. 'Where were you, anyway?' 'I wa … I fancied a walk,'  aid Ron  hiftily. Harry had the di tinct impre ion that he wa  not alone in concealing thing  at the moment. * The  econd detention wa  ju t a  bad a  the previou  one. The  kin on the back of Harry'  hand became irritated more quickly now and wa   oon red and inflamed. Harry thought it unlikely that it would keep healing a  effectively for long. Soon the cut would remain etched into hi  hand and Umbridge would, perhap , be  ati fied. He let no ga p of pain e cape him, however, and from the moment of entering the room to the moment of hi  di mi al, again pa t midnight, he  aid nothing but 'good evening' and 'goodnight'. Hi  homework  ituation, however, wa  now de perate, and when he returned to the Gryffindor common room he did not, though exhau ted, go to bed, but opened hi  book  and began Snape'  moon tone e ay. It wa  half pa t two by the time he had fini hed it. He knew he had done a poor job, but there wa  no help for it; unle  he had  omething to give in he would be in detention with Snape next. He then da hed off an wer  to the que tion  Profe or McGonagall had  et them, cobbled together  omething on the proper handling of Bowtruckle  for Profe or Grubbly-Plank, and  taggered up to bed, where he fell fully clothed on top of the cover  and fell a leep immediately. X Thur day pa ed in a haze of tiredne . Ron  eemed very  leepy too, though Harry could not  ee why he  hould be. Harry'  third detention pa ed in the  ame way a  the previou  two, except that after two hour  the word  '/ mu t not tell lie ' did not fade from the back of Harry  hand, but remained  cratched there, oozing droplet  of blood. The pau e in the pointed quill'   cratching made Profe or Umbridge look up. 'Ah,'  he  aid  oftly, moving around her de k to examine hi  hand her elf. 'Good. That ought to  erve a  a reminder to you, oughtn't it? You may leave for tonight.' 'Do I  till have to come back tomorrow?'  aid Harry picking up hi   choolbag with hi  left hand rather than hi   marting right one. 'Oh ye ,'  aid Profe or Umbridge,  miling a  widely a  before. 'Ye , I think we can etch the me age a little deeper with another evening'  work.' Harry had never before con idered the po ibility that there might be another teacher in the world he hated more than Snape, but a  he walked back toward  Gryffindor Tower he had to admit he had found a  trong contender. She'  evil, he thought, a  he climbed a  tairca e to the  eventh floor,  he'  an evil, twi ted, mad old- 'Ron?' He had reached the top of the  tair , turned right and almo t walked into Ron, who wa  lurking behind a  tatue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching hi  broom tick. He gave a great leap of  urpri e when he  aw Harry and attempted to hide hi  new Clean weep Eleven behind hi  back. 'What are you doing?' 'Er - nothing. What are you doing?' Harry frowned at him. 'Come on, you can tell me! What are you hiding here for?' 'I'm - I'm hiding from Fred and George, if you mu t know,'  aid Ron. They ju t went pa t with a bunch of fir t-year , I bet they're te ting  tuff on them again. I mean, they can't do it in the common room now, can they, not with Hermione there.' He wa  talking in a very fa t, feveri h way. 'But what have you got your broom for, you haven't been flying, have you?' Harry a ked. 'I - well - well, OK, I'll tell you, but don't laugh, all right?' Ron  aid defen ively, turning redder with every  econd. 'I - I thought I'd try out for Gryffindor Keeper now I've got a decent broom. There. Go on. Laugh.' 'I'm not laughing,'  aid Harry. Ron blinked. 'It'  a brilliant idea! It'd be really cool if you got on the team! I've never  een you play Keeper, are you good?' 'I'm not bad,'  aid Ron, who looked immen ely relieved at Harry'  reaction. 'Charlie, Fred and George alway  made me Keep for them when they were training during the holiday .' 'So you've been practi ing tonight?' 'Every evening  ince Tue day… ju t on my own, though. I've been trying to bewitch Quaffle  to fly at me, but it ha n't been ea y and I don't know how much u e it'll be.' Ron looked nervou  and anxiou . 'Fred and George are going to laugh them elve   tupid when I turn up for the tryout . They haven't  topped taking the mickey out of me  ince I got made a prefect.' 'I wi h I wa  going to be there,'  aid Harry bitterly, a  they  et off together toward  the common room. 'Yeah,  o do - Harry, what'  that on the back of your hand?' Harry, who had ju t  cratched hi  no e with hi  free right hand, tried to hide it, but had a  much  ucce  a  Ron with hi  Clean weep. 'It'  ju t a cut - it'  nothing - it'  -' But Ron had grabbed Harry'  forearm and pulled the back of Harry'  hand up level with hi  eye . There wa  a pau e, during which he  tared at the word  carved into the  kin, then, looking  ick, he relea ed Harry. 'I thought you  aid  he wa  ju t giving you line ?' Harry he itated, but after all, Ron had been hone t with him,  o he told Ron the truth about the hour  he had been  pending in Umbridge'  office. The old hag!' Ron  aid in a revolted whi per a  they came to a halt in front of the Fat Lady, who wa  dozing peacefully with her head again t her frame. 'She'   ick! Go to McGonagall,  ay  omething!' 'No,'  aid Harry at once. 'I'm not giving her the  ati faction of knowing  he'  got to me.' 'Got to you? You can't let her get away with thi !' 'I don't know how much power McGonagall'  got over her,'  aid Harry. 'Dumbledore, then, tell Dumbledore!' 'No,'  aid Harry flatly. 'Why not?' 'He'  got enough on hi  mind,'  aid Harry, but that wa  not the true rea on. He wa  not going to go to Dumbledore for help when Dumbledore had not  poken to him once  ince June. 'Well, I reckon you  hould -' Ron began, but he wa  interrupted by the Fat Lady, who had been watching them  leepily and now bur t out, 'Are you going to give me the pa word or will I have to  tay awake all night waiting for you to fini h your conver ation?' * Friday dawned  ullen and  odden a  the re t of the week. Though Harry automatically glanced toward  the  taff table when he entered the Great Hall, it wa  without any real hope of  eeing Hagrid, and he turned hi  mind immediately to hi  more pre ing problem ,  uch a  the mountainou  pile of homework he had to do and the pro pect of yet another detention with Umbridge. Two thing   u tained Harry that day. One wa  the thought that it wa  almo t the weekend; the other wa  that, dreadful though hi  final detention with Umbridge wa   ure to be, he had a di tant view of the Quidditch pitch from her window and might, with luck, be able to  ee  omething of Ron'  tryout. The e were rather feeble ray  of light, it wa  true, but Harry wa  grateful for anything that might lighten hi  pre ent darkne ; he had never had a wor e fir t week of term at Hogwart . At five o'clock that evening he knocked on Profe or Umbridge'  office door for what he  incerely hoped would be the final time, and wa  told to enter. The blank parchment lay ready for him on the lace-covered table, the pointed black quill be ide it. 'You know what to do, Mr Potter,'  aid Umbridge,  miling  weetly at him. Harry picked up the quill and glanced through the window. If he ju t  hifted hi  chair an inch or  o to the right… on the pretext of  hifting him eli clo er to the table, he managed it. He now had a di tant view of the Gryffindor Quidditch team  oaring up and down the pitch, while half a dozen black figure   tood at the foot of the three high goalpo t , apparently awaiting their turn to Keep. It wa  impo ible to tell which one wa  Ron at thi  di tance. I mu t not tell lie , Harry wrote. The cut in the back of hi  right hand opened and began to bleed atre h. I mu t not tell lie . The cut dug deeper,  tinging and  marting. I mu t not tell lie . Blood trickled down hi  wri t. He chanced another glance out of the window. Whoever wa  defending the goalpo t  now wa  doing a very poor job indeed. Katie Bell  cored twice in the few  econd  Harry dared to watch. Hoping very much that the Keeper wa n't Ron, he dropped hi  eye  back to the parchment  hining with blood. I mu t not tell lie . I mu t not tell lie . He looked up whenever he thought he could ri k it; when he could hear the  cratching of Umbridge  quill or the opening of a de k drawer. The third per on to try out wa  pretty good, the fourth wa  terrible, the fifth dodged a Bludger exceptionally well but then fumbled an ea y  ave. The  ky wa  darkening, and Harry doubted he would be able to  ee the  ixth and  eventh people at all. I mu t not tell lie . I mu t not tell lie . The parchment wa  now dotted with drop  of blood from the back of hi  hand, which wa   earing with pain. When he next looked up, night had fallen and the Quidditch pitch wa  no longer vi ible. 'Let'   ee if you've got the me age yet,  hall we?'  aid Umbridge   oft voice half an hour later. She moved toward  him,  tretching out her  hort ringed finger  for hi  arm. And then, a   he took hold of him to examine the word  now cut into hi   kin, pain  eared, not acro  the back of hi  hand, but acro  the  car on hi  forehead. At the  ame time, he had a mo t peculiar  en ation  omewhere around hi  midriff. He wrenched hi  arm out of her grip and leapt to hi  feet,  taring at her. She looked back at him, a  mile  tretching her wide,  lack mouth. 'Ye , it hurt , doe n't it?'  he  aid  oftly. He did not an wer. Hi  heart wa  thumping very hard and fa t. Wa   he talking about hi  hand or did  he know what he had ju t felt in hi  forehead? 'Well, I think I've made my point, Mr Potter. You may go.' He caught up hi   choolbag and left the room a  quickly a  he could. Stay calm, he told him elf, a  he  printed up the  tair . Stay calm, it doe n't nece arily mean what you think it mean … 'Mimbulu  mimbletonia!' he ga ped at the Fat Lady, who  wung forward  once more. A roar of  ound greeted him. Ron came running toward  him, beaming all over hi  face and  lopping Butterbeer down hi  front from the goblet he wa  clutching. 'Harry, I did it, I'm in, I'm Keeper!' 'What? Oh - brilliant!'  aid Harry, trying to  mile naturally, while hi  heart continued to race and hi  hand throbbed and bled. 'Have a Butterbeer.' Ron pre ed a bottle on him. '1 can't believe it - where'  Hermione gone?' 'She'  there,'  aid Fred, who wa  al o  wigging Butterbeer, and pointed to an armchair by the fire. Hermione wa  dozing in it, her drink tipping precariou ly in her hand. 'Well,  he  aid  he wa  plea ed when I told her,'  aid Ron, looking  lightly put out. 'Let her  leep,'  aid George ha tily. It wa  a few moment  before Harry noticed that  everal of the fir t-year  gathered around them bore unmi takeable  ign  of recent no ebleed . 'Come here, Ron, and  ee if Oliver'  old robe  fit you,' called Katie Bell, 'we can take off hi  name and put your  on in tead…' A  Ron moved away, Angelina came  triding up to Harry. 'Sorry I wa  a bit  hort with you earlier, Potter,'  he  aid abruptly. 'It'   tre ful thi  managing lark, you know, I'm  tarting to think I wa  a bit hard on Wood  ometime .' She wa  watching Ron over the rim of her goblet with a  light frown on her face. 'Look, I know he'  your be t mate, but he'  not fabulou ,'  he  aid bluntly. 'I think with a bit of training he'll be all right, though. He come  from a family of good Quidditch player . I'm banking on him turning out to have a bit more talent than he  howed today, to be hone t. Vicky Frobi her and Geoffrey Hooper both flew better thi  evening, but Hooper  a real whiner, he'  alway  moaning about  omething or other, and Vicky'  involved in all  ort  of  ocietie . She admitted her elf that if training cla hed with her Charm  Club  he'd put Charm  fir t. Anyway, we're having a practice  e ion at two o'clock tomorrow,  o ju t make  ure you're there thi  time. And do me a favour and help Ron a  much a  you can, OK?' He nodded, and Angelina  trolled back to Alicia Spinnet. Harry moved over to  it next to Hermione, who awoke with a jerk a  he put down hi  bag. 'Oh, Harry, it'  you… good about Ron, i n't it?'  he  aid blearily. 'I'm ju t  o- o -  o tired,'  he yawned. 'I wa  up until one o'clock making more hat . They're di appearing like mad!' And  ure enough, now that he looked, Harry  aw that there were woolly hat  concealed all around the room where unwary elve  might accidentally pick them up. 'Great,'  aid Harry di tractedly; if he did not tell  omebody  oon, he would bur t. 'Li ten, Hermione, I wa  ju t up in Umbridge'  office and  he touched my arm Hermione li tened clo ely. When Harry had (ini hed,  he  aid  lowly 'You're worried You-Know-Who'  controlling her like he controlled Quirrell?' 'Well,'  aid Harry, dropping hi  voice, 'it'  a po ibility, i n't it?' 'I  uppo e  o,'  aid Hermione, though  he  ounded unconvinced. 'But I don't think he can be po e ing her the way he po e ed Quirrell, I mean, he'  properly alive again now, i n't he, he'  got hi  own body, he wouldn't need to  hare  omeone el e' . He could have her under the Imperiu  Cur e, I  uppo e…" Harry watched Fred, George and Lee Jordan juggling empty Butterbeer bottle  for a moment. Then Hermione  aid, 'But la t year your  car hurt when nobody wa  touching you, and didn't Dumbledore  ay it had to do with what You-Know-Who wa  feeling at the time? I mean, maybe thi  ha n't got anything to do with Umbridge at all, maybe it'  ju t coincidence it happened while you were with her?' 'She'  evil,'  aid Harry flatly. Twi ted.' 'She'  horrible, ye , but… Harry, I think you ought to tell Dumbledore your  car hurt.' It wa  the  econd time in two day  he had been advi ed to go to Dumbledore and hi  an wer to Hermione wa  ju t the  ame a  hi  an wer to Ron. 'I'm not bothering him with thi . Like you ju t  aid, it  not a big deal. It'  been hurting on and off all  ummer - it wa  ju t a bit wor e tonight, that'  all -' 'Harry, I'm  ure Dumbledore would want to be bothered by thi  -' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf, 'that'  the only bit of me Dumbledore care  about, i n't it, my  car?' 'Don't  ay that, it'  not true!' 'I think I'll write and tell Siriu  about it,  ee what he think  -' 'Harry, you can't put  omething like that in a letter!'  aid Hermione, looking alarmed. 'Don't you remember, Moody told u  to be careful what we put in writing! We ju t can't guarantee owl  aren't being intercepted any more!' 'All right, all right, I won't tell him, then!'  aid Harry irritably. He got to hi  feet. 'I'm going to bed. Tell Ron for me, will you?' 'Oh no,'  aid Hermione, looking relieved, 'if you're going that mean  I can go too, without being rude. I'm ab olutely exhau ted and I want to make  ome more hat  tomorrow. Li ten, you can help me if you like, it'  quite fun, I'm getting better, I can do pattern  and bobble  and all  ort  of thing  now.' Harry looked into her face, which wa   hining with glee, and tried to look a  though he wa  vaguely tempted by thi  offer. 'Er… no, I don't think I will, thank ,' he  aid. 'Er- not tomorrow. I've got load  of homework to do…' And he traip ed off to the boy '  tair , leaving her looking  lightly di appointed. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 14 - Percy and Padfoot Harry wa  fir t to wake up in hi  dormitory next morning. He lay for a moment watching du t  wirl in the ray of  unlight coming through the gap in hi  four-po ter  hanging , and  avoured the thought that it wa  Saturday. The fir t week of term  eemed to have dragged on for ever, like one gigantic Hi tory of Magic le on. Judging by the  leepy  ilence and the fre hly minted look of that beam of  unlight, it wa  ju t after daybreak. He pulled open the curtain  around hi  bed, got up and  tarted to dre . The only  ound apart from the di tant twittering of bird  wa  the  low, deep breathing of hi  fellow Gryffindor . He opened hi   choolbag carefully, pulled out parchment and quill and headed out of the dormitory for the common room. Making  traight for hi  favourite  qua hy old armchair be ide the now extinct fire, Harry  ettled him elf down comfortably and unrolled hi  parchment while looking around the room. The detritu  of crumpled-up bit  of parchment, old Gob tone , empty ingredient jar  and  weet wrapper  that u ually covered the common room at the end of each day wa  gone, a  were all Hermione'  elf hat . Wondering vaguely how many elve  had now been  et free whether they wanted to be or not, Harry uncorked hi  ink bottle, dipped hi  quill into it, then held it  u pended an inch above the  mooth yellowi h  urface of hi  parchment, thinking hard… but after a minute or  o he found him elf  taring into the empty grate, at a complete lo  for what to  ay. He could now appreciate how hard it had been for Ron and Hermione to write him letter  over the  ummer. How wa  he  uppo ed to tell Siriu  everything that had happened over the pa t week and po e all the que tion  he wa  burning to a k without giving potential letter-thieve  a lot of information he did not want them to have? He  at quite motionle  for a while, gazing into the fireplace,: then, finally coming to a deci ion, he dipped hi  quill into the ink bottle once more and  et it re olutely on the parchment. Dear Snuffle , Hope you're OK, the fir t week back here'  been terrible, I'm really glad it'  the weekend. We've got a new Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher, Profe or Umbridge. She'  nearly a  nice a  your mum. I'm writing becau e that thing I wrote to you about la t  ummer happened again la t night when I wa  doing a detention with Umbridge. We're all mi ing our bigge t friend, we hope he'll be back  oon. Plea e write back quickly. Be t, Harry Harry reread the letter  everal time , trying to  ee it from the point of view of an out ider. He could not  ee how they would know what he wa  talking about - or who he wa  talking to - ju t from reading thi  letter. He did hope Siriu  would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell them when he might be back. Harry did not want to a k directly in ca e it drew too much attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he wa  not at Hogwart . Con idering it wa  a very  hort letter, it had taken a long time to write;  unlight had crept halfway acro  the room while he had been working on it and he could now hear di tant  ound  of movement from the dormitorie  above. Sealing the parchment carefully, he climbed through the portrait hole and headed off for the Owlery. 'I would not go that way if I were you,'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick, drifting di concertingly through a wall ju t ahead of Harry a  he walked down the pa age. 'Peeve  i  planning an amu ing joke on the next per on to pa  the bu t of Paracel u  halfway down the corridor.' 'Doe  it involve Paracel u  falling on top of the per on  head?' a ked Harry. 'Funnily enough, it doe ,'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick in a bored voice. 'Subtlety ha  never been Peeve '   trong point. I'm off to try and find the Bloody Baron… he might be able to put a  top to it…  ee you, Harry 'Yeah, bye,'  aid Harry and in tead of turning right, he turned left, taking a longer but  afer route up to the Owlery. Hi   pirit  ro e a  he walked pa t window after window  howing brilliantly blue  ky; he had training later, he would be back on the Quidditch pitch at la t. Something bru hed hi  ankle . He looked down and  aw the caretaker'   keletal grey cat, Mr . Norn ,  linking pa t him. She turned lamplike yellow eye  on him for a moment before di appearing behind a  tatue of Wilfred the Wi tful. 'I'm not doing anything wrong,' Harry called after her. She had the unmi takeable air of a cat that wa  ofi to report to her bo , yet Harry could not  ee why; he wa  perfectly entitled to walk up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning. The  un wa  high in the  ky now and when Harry entered the Owlery the gla le  window  dazzled hi  eye ; thick  ilvery beam  of  unlight cri cro ed the circular room in which hundred  of owl  ne tled on rafter , a little re tle  in the early-morning light,  ome clearly ju t returned from hunting. The  traw-covered floor crunched a little a  he  tepped acro  tiny animal bone , craning hi  neck for a  ight of Hedwig. There you are,' he  aid,  potting her  omewhere near the very top of the vaulted ceiling. 'Get down here, I've got a letter for you." With a low hoot  he  tretched her great white wing  and  oared down on to hi   houlder. 'Right, I know thi   ay  Snuffle  on the out ide,' he told her, giving her the letter to cla p in her beak and, without knowing exactly why, whi pering, 'but it'  for Siriu , OK?' She blinked her amber eye  once and he took that to mean that  he under tood. 'Safe flight, then,'  aid Harry and he carried her to one of the window ; with a moment'  pre ure on hi  arm, Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright  ky. He watched her until  he became a tiny black  peck and vani hed, then  witched hi  gaze to Hagrid'  hut, clearly vi ible from thi  window, and ju t a  clearly uninhabited, the chimney  mokele , the curtain  drawn. The treetop  of the Forbidden Fore t  wayed in a light breeze. Harry watched them,  avouring the fre h air on hi  face, thinking about Quidditch later… then he  aw it. A great, reptilian winged hor e, ju t like the one  pulling the Hogwart  carriage , with leathery black wing   pread wide like a pterodactyl' , ro e up out of the tree  like a grote que, giant bird. It  oared in a great circle, then plunged back into the tree . The whole thing had happened  o quickly, Harry could hardly believe what he had  een, except that hi  heart wa  hammering madly. The Owlery door opened behind him. He leapt in  hock and, turning quickly,  aw Cho Chang holding a letter and a parcel in her hand . 'Hi,'  aid Harry automatically. 'Oh… hi,'  he  aid breathle ly. 'I didn't think anyone would be up here thi  early… I only remembered five minute  ago, it'  my mum'  birthday.' She held up the parcel. 'Right,'  aid Harry. Hi  brain  eemed to have jammed. He wanted to  ay  omething funny and intere ting, but the memory of that terrible winged hor e wa  fre h in hi  mind. 'Nice day,' he  aid, ge turing to the window . Hi  in ide   eemed to  hrivel with embarra ment. The weather. He wa  talking about the weather… 'Yeah,'  aid Cho, looking around for a  uitable owl. 'Good Quidditch condition . I haven't been out all week, have you?' 'No,'  aid Harry. Cho had  elected one of the  chool barn owl . She coaxed it down on to her arm where it held out an obliging leg  o that  he could attach the parcel. 'Hey, ha  Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet?'  he a ked. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'It'  my friend Ron Wea ley, d'you know him?' The Tornado -hater?'  aid Cho rather coolly. 'I  he any good?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, 'I think  o. I didn't  ee hi  tryout, though, I wa  in detention.' Cho looked up, the parcel only half-attached to the owl'  leg . That Umbridge woman'  foul,'  he  aid in a low voice. 'Putting you in detention ju t becau e you told the truth about how - how - how he died. Everyone heard about it, it wa  all over the  chool. You were really brave  tanding up to her like that.' Harry'  in ide  re-inflated  o rapidly he felt a  though he might actually float a few inche  off the dropping- trewn floor. Who cared about a  tupid flying hor e; Cho thought he had been really brave. For a moment, he con idered accidentally-on-purpo e  howing her hi  cut hand a  he helped her tie her parcel on to her owl… but the very in tant thi  thrilling thought occurred, the Owlery door opened again. Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room. There were purple patche  on hi   unken, veined cheek , hi  jowl  were aquiver and hi  thin grey hair di hevelled; he had obviou ly run here. Mr . Norri  came trotting at hi  heel , gazing up at the owl  overhead and mewing hungrily. There wa  a re tle   hifting of wing  from above and a large brown owl  napped hi  beak in a menacing fa hion. 'Aha!'  aid Filch, taking a flat-footed  tep toward  Harry, hi  pouchy cheek  trembling with anger. 'I've had a tip-off that you are intending to place a ma ive order for Dungbomb P Harry folded hi  arm  and  tared at the caretaker. 'Who told you I wa  ordering Dungbomb ?' Cho wa  looking from Harry to Filch, al o frowning; the barn owl on her arm, tired of  tanding on one leg, gave an admonitory hoot but  he ignored it. 'I have my  ource ,'  aid Filch in a  elf- ati fied hi . 'Now hand over whatever it i  you're  ending.' Feeling immen ely thankful that he had not dawdled in po ting off the letter, Harry  aid, 'I can't, it'  gone.' 'Gone?'  aid Filch, hi  face contorting with rage. 'Gone,'  aid Harry calmly. Filch opened hi  mouth furiou ly, mouthed for a few  econd , then raked Harry  robe  with hi  eye . 'How do I know you haven't got it in your pocket?' 'Becau e -' 'I  aw him  end it,'  aid Cho angrily. Filch rounded on her. 'You  aw him -?' That'  right, I  aw him,'  he  aid fiercely. There wa  a moment  pau e in which Filch glared at Cho and Cho glared right back, then the caretaker turned on hi  heel and  huffled back toward  the door. He  topped with hi  hand on the handle and looked back at Harry. 'If I get  o much a  a whiff of a Dungbomb He  tumped off down the  tair . Mr . Norri  ca t a la t longing look at the owl  and followed him. Harry and Cho looked at each other. Thank ,' Harry  aid. 'No problem,'  aid Cho, finally fixing the parcel to the barn owl'  other leg, her face  lightly pink. 'You weren't ordering Dungbomb , were you?' 'No,'  aid Harry. 'I wonder why he thought you were, then?'  he  aid a   he carried the owl to the window. Harry  hrugged. He wa  quite a  my tified by that a   he wa , though oddly it wa  not bothering him very much at the moment. They left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a corridor that led toward  the we t wing of the ca tle, Cho  aid, 'I'm going thi  way. Well, I'll… I'll  ee you around, Harry.' 'Yeah…  ee you.' She  miled at him and departed. Harry walked on, feeling quietly elated. He had managed to have an entire conver ation with her and not embarra ed him elf once… you were really brave  tanding up to her like that… Cho had called him brave…  he did not hate him for being alive… Ol cour e,  he had preferred Cedric, he knew that… though if he'd only a ked her to the Ball before Cedric had, thing  might have turned out differently…  he had  eemed  incerely  orry that  he'd had to refu e when Harry a ked her… 'Morning,' Harry  aid brightly to Ron and Hermione a  he joined them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall. 'What are you looking  o plea ed about?'  aid Ron, eyeing Harry in  urpri e. 'Erm… Quidditch later,'  aid Harry happily, pulling a large platter of bacon and egg  toward  him. 'Oh… yeah…'  aid Ron. He put down the piece of toa t he wa  eating and took a large  wig of pumpkin juice. Then he  aid, 'Li ten… you don't fancy going out a bit earlier with me, do you? Ju t to - er - give me  ome practice before training? So I can, you know, get my eye in a bit.' 'Yeah, OK,'  aid Harry. 'Look, I don't think you  hould,'  aid Hermione  eriou ly. 'You're both really behind on homework a  it -' But  he broke off; the morning po t wa  arriving and, a  u ual, the Daily Prophet wa   oaring toward  her in the beak of a  creech owl, which landed perilou ly clo e to the  ugar bowl and held out a leg. Hermione pu hed a Knut into it  leather pouch, took the new paper, and  canned the front page critically a  the owl took off. 'Anything intere ting?'  aid Ron. Harry grinned, knowing Ron wa  keen to keep her off the  ubject of homework. 'No,'  he  ighed, 'ju t  ome guff about the ba  player in the Weird Si ter  getting married.' Hermione opened the paper and di appeared behind it. Harry devoted him elf to another helping of egg  and bacon. Ron wa   taring up at the high window , looking  lightly preoccupied. 'Wait a moment,'  aid Hermione  uddenly. 'Oh no… Siriu !' 'What'  happened?'  aid Harry,  natching at the paper  o violently it ripped down the middle, with him and Hermione each holding one half. '“The Mini try of Magic ha  received a tip-off from a reliable  ource that Siriu  Black, notoriou  ma  murderer… blah blah blah… i  currently hiding in London !”' Hermione read from her half in an angui hed whi per. 'Luciu  Malfoy I'll bet anything,'  aid Harry in a low, furiou  voice. 'He did recogni e Siriu  on the platform…' 'What?'  aid Ron, looking alarmed. 'You didn't  ay -' 'Shh!'  aid the other two. … “Mini try warn  wizarding community that Black i  very dangerou … killed thirteen people… broke out of Azkaban …” the u ual rubbi h,' Hermione concluded, laying down her half of the paper and looking fearfully at Harry and Ron. 'Well, he ju t won't be able to leave the hou e again, that'  all,'  he whi pered. 'Dumbledore did warn him not to.' Harry looked down glumly at the bit ol the Prophet he had torn off. Mo t of the page wa  devoted to an adverti ement for Madam Malkin  Robe  for All Occa ion , which wa  apparently having a  ale. 'Hey!' he  aid, flattening it down  o Hermione and Ron could  ee it. 'Look at thi !' 'I've got all the robe  I want,'  aid Ron. 'No,'  aid Harry. 'Look… thi  little piece here…' Ron and Hermione bent clo er to read it; the item wa  barely an inch long and placed right at the bottom of a column. It wa  headlined: TRESPASS AT MINISTRY Sturgi  Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum Garden , Clapham, ha  appeared in front of the Wizengamot charged with tre pa  and attempted robbery at the Mini try of Magic on 3ISI Augu t. Podmore wa  arre ted by Mini try of Magic watchwizard Eric Munch, who found him attempting to force hi  way through a top- ecurity door at one o'clock in the morning. Podmore, who refu ed to  peak in hi  own defence, wa  convicted on both charge  and  entenced to  ix month  in Azkaban. 'Sturgi  Podmore?'  aid Ron  lowly. 'He'  that bloke who look  like hi  head'  been thatched, i n't he? He'  one of the Ord—' 'Ron,  hh!'  aid Hermione, ca ting a terrified look around them. 'Six month  in Azkaban!' whi pered Harry,  hocked. 'Ju t for trying to get through a door!' 'Don't be  illy, it wa n't ju t for trying to get through a door. What on earth wa  he doing at the Mini try of Magic at one o'clock in the morning?' breathed Hermione. 'D'you reckon he wa  doing  omething for the Order?' Ron muttered. 'Wait a moment…'  aid Harry  lowly. 'Sturgi  wa   uppo ed to come and  ee u  off, remember?' The other two looked at him. 'Yeah, he wa   uppo ed to be part of our guard going to King'  Cro , remember? And Moody wa  all annoyed becau e he didn't turn up;  o he couldn't have been on a job for them, could he?' 'Well, maybe they didn't expect him to get caught,'  aid Hermione. 'It could be a frame-up!' Ron exclaimed excitedly. 'No - li ten!' he went on, dropping hi  voice dramatically at the threatening look on Hermione'  face. The Mini try  u pect  he'  one of Dumbledore'  lot  o - I dunno - they lured him to the Mini try, and he wa n't trying to get through a door at all! Maybe they've ju t made  omething up to get him!' There wa  a pau e while Harry and Hermione con idered thi . Harry thought it  eemed far-fetched. Hermione, on the other hand, looked rather impre ed. 'Do you know, I wouldn't be at all  urpri ed if that were true.' She folded up her half of the new paper thoughtfully. A  Harry laid down hi  knife and fork,  he  eemed to come out of a reverie. 'Right, well, I think we  hould tackle that e ay for Sprout on  elf-fertili ing  hrub  fir t and if we're lucky we'll be able to  tart McGonagall'  Inanimatu  Conjuru  Spell before lunch…' Harry felt a  mall twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework awaiting him up tair , but the  ky wa  a clear, exhilarating blue, and he had not been on hi  Firebolt for a week… 'I mean, we can do it tonight,'  aid Ron, a  he and Harry walked down the  loping lawn  toward  the Quidditch pitch, their broom tick  over their  houlder , and with Hermione'  dire warning  that they would fail all their OWL   till ringing in their ear . 'And we've got tomorrow. She get  too worked up about work, that'  her trouble…' There wa  a pau e and he added, in a  lightly more anxiou  tone, 'D'you think  he meant it when  he  aid we weren't copying from her?' 'Yeah, I do,'  aid Harry. 'Still, thi  i  important, too, we've got to practi e if we want to  tay on the Quidditch team…' 'Yeah, that'  right,'  aid Ron, in a heartened tone. 'And we have got plenty of time to do it all…' A  they approached the Quidditch pitch, Harry glanced over to hi  right to where the tree  of the Forbidden Fore t were  waying darkly. Nothing flew out of them; the  ky wa  empty but for a few di tant owl  fluttering around the Owlery tower. He had enough to worry about; the flying hor e wa n't doing him any harm; he pu hed it out of hi  mind. They collected ball  from the cupboard in the changing room and  et to work, Ron guarding the three tall goalpo t , Harry playing Cha er and trying to get the Quaffle pa t Ron. Harry thought Ron wa  pretty good; he blocked three-quarter  of the goal  Harry attempted to put pa t him and played better the longer they practi ed. After a couple of hour  they returned to the ca tle for lunch - during which Hermione made it quite clear  he thought they were irre pon ible — then returned to the Quidditch pitch for the real training  e ion. All their teammate  but Angelina were already in the changing room when they entered. 'All right, Ron?'  aid George, winking at him. 'Yeah,'  aid Ron, who had become quieter and quieter all the way down to the pitch. 'Ready to  how u  all up, Ickle Prefect?'  aid Fred, emerging tou le-haired from the neck of hi  Quidditch robe , a  lightly maliciou  grin on hi  face. 'Shut up,'  aid Ron,  tony-faced, pulling on hi  own team robe  for the fir t time. They fitted him well con idering they had been Oliver Wood' , who wa  rather broader in the  houlder. 'OK, everyone,'  aid Angelina, entering from the Captain'  office, already changed. 'Let'  get to it; Alicia and Fred, if you can ju t bring out the ball crate for u . Oh, and there are a couple of people out there watching but I want you to ju t ignore them, all right?' Something in her would-be ca ual voice made Harry think he might know who the uninvited  pectator  were, and  ure enough, when they left the changing room for the bright  unlight of the pitch it wa  to a  torm of catcall  and jeer  from the Slytherin Quidditch team and a orted hanger -on, who were grouped halfway up the empty  tand  and who e voice  echoed loudly around the  tadium. 'What'  that Wea ley'  riding?' Malfoy called in hi   neering drawl. 'Why would anyone put a flying charm on a mouldy old log like that?' Crabbe, Goyle and Pan y Parkin on guffawed and  hrieked with laughter. Ron mounted hi  broom and kicked off from the ground and Harry followed him, watching hi  ear  turn red from behind. 'Ignore them,' he  aid, accelerating to catch up with Ron, 'we'll  ee who'  laughing after we play them…' 'Exactly the attitude I want, Harry,'  aid Angelina approvingly,  oaring around them with the Quaffle under her arm and  lowing to hover on the  pot in front of her airborne team. 'OK, everyone, we're going to  tart with  ome pa e  ju t to warm up, the whole team plea e -' 'Hey, John on, what'  with that hair tyle, anyway?'  hrieked Pan y Parkin on from below. 'Why would anyone want to look like they've got worm  coming out of their head?' Angelina  wept her long braided hair out of her face and continued calmly, 'Spread out, then, and let'   ee what we can do…' Harry rever ed away from the other  to the far  ide of the pitch. Ron fell back toward  the oppo ite goal. Angelina rai ed the Quaffle with one hand and threw it hard to Fred, who pa ed to George, who pa ed to Harry, who pa ed to Ron, who dropped it. The Slytherin , led by Malfoy, roared and  creamed with laughter. Ron, who had pelted toward  the ground to catch the Quaffle before it landed, pulled out of the dive untidily,  o that he  lipped  ideway  on hi  broom, and returned to playing height, blu hing. Harry  aw Fred and George exchange look , but uncharacteri tically neither of them  aid anything, for which he wa  grateful. 'Pa  it on, Ron,' called Angelina, a  though nothing had happened. Ron threw the Quaffle to Alicia, who pa ed back to Harry, who pa ed to George… 'Hey, Potter, how'  your  car feeling?' called Malfoy. 'Sure you don't need a lie down? It mu t be, what, a whole week  ince you were in the ho pital wing, that'  a record for you, i n't it?' George pa ed to Angelina;  he rever e-pa ed to Harry, who had not been expecting it, but caught it in the very tip  of hi  finger  and pa ed it quickly to Ron, who lunged for it and mi ed by inche . 'Come on now, Ron,'  aid Angelina cro ly, a  he dived for the ground again, cha ing the Quaffle. 'Pay attention.' It would have been hard to  ay whether Ron'  face or the Quaffle wa  a deeper  carlet when he again returned to playing height. Malfoy and the re t of the Slytherin team were howling with laughter. On hi  third attempt, Ron caught the Quaffle; perhap  out of relief he pa ed it on  o enthu ia tically that it  oared  traight through Katie'  out tretched hand  and hit her hard in the face. 'Sorry!' Ron groaned, zooming forward  to  ee whether he had done any damage. 'Get back in po ition,  he'  fine!' barked Angelina. 'But a  you're pa ing to a teammate, do try not to knock her off her broom, won't you? We've got Bludger  for that!' Katie'  no e wa  bleeding. Down below, the Slytherin  were  tamping their feet and jeering. Fred and George converged on Katie. 'Here, take thi ,' Fred told her, handing her  omething  mall and purple from out of hi  pocket, 'it'll clear it up in no time.' 'All right,' called Angelina, 'Fred, George, go and get your bat  and a Bludger. Ron, get up to the goalpo t . Harry, relea e the Snitch when I  ay  o. We're going to aim for Ron'  goal, obviou ly.' Harry zoomed off after the twin  to fetch the Snitch. 'Ron'  making a right pig'  ear of thing , i n't he?' muttered George, a  the three of them landed at the crate containing the ball  and opened it to extract one of the Bludger  and the Snitch. 'He'  ju t nervou ,'  aid Harry, 'he wa  fine when I wa  practi ing with him thi  morning.' 'Yeah, well, I hope he ha n't peaked too  oon,'  aid Fred gloomily. They returned to the air. When Angelina blew her whi tle, Harry relea ed the Snitch and Fred and George let fly the Bludger. From that moment on, Harry wa  barely aware of what the other  were doing. It wa  hi  job to recapture the tiny fluttering golden ball that wa  worth a hundred and fifty point  to the Seeker'  team and doing  o required enormou   peed and  kill. He accelerated, rolling and  werving in and out of the Cha er , the warm autumn air whipping hi  face, and the di tant yell  of the Slytherin   o much meaningle  roaring in hi  ear … but too  oon, the whi tle brought him to a halt again. 'Stop -  top - STOP!'  creamed Angelina. 'Ron - you're not covering your middle po t!' Harry looked round at Ron, who wa  hovering in front of the left-hand hoop, leaving the other two completely unprotected. 'Oh…  orry…' 'You keep  hifting around while you're watching the Cha er !'  aid Angelina. 'Either  tay in centre po ition until you have to move to defend a hoop, or el e circle the hoop , but don't drift vaguely off to one  ide, that'  how you let in the la t three goal !' 'Sorry…' Ron repeated, hi  red face  hining like a beacon again t the bright blue  ky. 'And Katie, can't you do  omething about that no ebleed?' 'It'  ju t getting wor e!'  aid Katie thickly, attempting to  tem the flow with her  leeve. Harry glanced round at Fred, who wa  looking anxiou  and checking hi  pocket . He  aw Fred pull out  omething purple, examine it for a  econd and then look round at Katie, evidently horror- truck. 'Well, let'  try again,'  aid Angelina. She wa  ignoring the Slytherin , who had now  et up a chant of 'Gryffindor are lo er , Gryffindor are lo er ,' but there wa  a certain rigidity about her  eat on the broom neverthele . Thi  time they had been flying for barely three minute  when Angelina  whi tle  ounded. Harry, who had ju t  ighted the Snitch circling the oppo ite goalpo t, pulled up feeling di tinctly aggrieved. 'What now?' he  aid impatiently to Alicia, who wa  neare t. 'Katie,'  he  aid  hortly. Harry turned and  aw Angelina, Fred and George all flying a  fa t a  they could toward  Katie. Harry and Alicia  ped toward  her, too. It wa  plain that Angelina had  topped training ju t in time; Katie wa  now chalk white and covered in blood. 'She need  the ho pital wing,'  aid Angelina. 'We'll take her,'  aid Fred. 'She - er - might have  wallowed a Blood Bli terpod by mi take -' 'Well, there'  no point continuing with no Beater  and a Cha er gone,'  aid Angelina glumly a  Fred and George zoomed off toward  the ca tle  upporting Katie between them. 'Come on, let'  go and get changed.' The Slytherin  continued to chant a  they trailed back into the changing room . 'How wa  practice?' a ked Hermione rather coolly half an hour later, a  Harry and Ron climbed through the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room. 'It wa  -' Harry began. 'Completely lou y,'  aid Ron in a hollow voice,  inking into a chair be ide Hermione. She looked up at Ron and her fro tine   eemed to melt. 'Well, it wa  only your fir t one,'  he  aid con olingly, 'it'  bound to take time to -' 'Who  aid it wa  me who made it lou y?'  napped Ron. 'No one,'  aid Hermione, looking taken aback, 'I thought -' 'You thought I wa  bound to be rubbi h?' 'No, of cour e I didn't! Look, you  aid it wa  lou y  o I ju t -' 'I'm going to get  tarted on  ome homework,'  aid Ron angrily and  tomped off to the  tairca e to the boy ' dormitorie  and vani hed from  ight. Hermione turned to Harry. 'Wa  he lou y?' 'No,'  aid Harry loyally. Hermione rai ed her eyebrow . 'Well, I  uppo e he could've played better,' Harry muttered, 'but it wa  only the fir t training  e ion, like you  aid…' Neither Harry nor Ron  eemed to make much headway with their homework that night. Harry knew Ron wa  too preoccupied with how badly he had performed at Quidditch practice and he him elf wa  having difficulty in getting the 'Gryffindor are lo er ' chant out of hi  head. They  pent the whole of Sunday in the common room, buried in their book  while the room around them filled up, then emptied. It wa  another clear, fine day and mo t of their fellow Gryffindor   pent the day out in the ground , enjoying what might well be  ome of the la t  un hine that year. By the evening, Harry felt a  though  omebody had been beating hi  brain again t the in ide of hi   kull. 'You know, we probably  hould try and get more homework done during the week,' Harry muttered to Ron, a  they finally laid a ide Profe or McGonagall'  long e ay on the Inanimatu  Conjuru  Spell and turned mi erably to Profe or Sini tra'  equally long and difficult e ay about Jupiter'  many moon . 'Yeah,'  aid Ron, rubbing  lightly blood hot eye  and throwing hi  fifth  poiled bit of parchment into the fire be ide them. 'Li ten…  hall we ju t a k Hermione if we can have a look at what  he'  done?' Harry glanced over at her;  he wa   itting with Crook hank  on her lap and chatting merrily to Ginny a  a pair of knitting needle  fla hed in midair in front of her, now knitting a pair of  hapele  elf  ock . 'No,' he  aid heavily, 'you know  he won't let u .' And  o they worked on while the  ky out ide the window  became  teadily darker. Slowly, the crowd in the common room began to thin again. At half pa t eleven, Hermione wandered over to them, yawning. 'Nearly done?' 'No,'  aid Ron  hortly. 'Jupiter'  bigge t moon i  Ganymede, not Calli to,'  he  aid, pointing over Ron'   houlder at a line in hi  A tronomy e ay, 'and it'  lo that'  got the volcanoe .' Thank ,'  narled Ron,  cratching out the offending  entence . 'Sorry, I only -' 'Yeah, well, if you've ju t come over here to critici e -' 'Ron -' 'I haven't got time to li ten to a  ermon, all right, Hermione, I'm up to my neck in it here -' 'No - look!' Hermione wa  pointing to the neare t window. Harry and Ron both looked over. A hand ome  creech owl wa   tanding on the window ill, gazing into the room at Ron. 'I n't that Herme ?'  aid Hermione,  ounding amazed. 'Blimey, it i !'  aid Ron quietly, throwing down hi  quill and getting to hi  feet. 'What'  Percy writing to me for?' He cro ed to the window and opened it; Herme  flew in ide, landed on Ron'  e ay and held out a leg to which a letter wa  attached. Ron took the letter off it and the owl departed at once, leaving inky footprint  acro  Ron'  drawing of the moon lo. That'  definitely Percy'  handwriting,'  aid Ron,  inking back into hi  chair and  taring at the word  on the out ide of the  croll: Ronald Wea ley, Gryffindor Hou e, Hogwart . He looked up at the other two. 'What d'you reckon?' 'Open it!'  aid Hermione eagerly, and Harry nodded. Ron unrolled the  croll and began to read. The further down the parchment hi  eye  travelled, the more pronounced became hi   cowl. When he had fini hed reading, he looked di gu ted. He thru t the letter at Harry and Hermione, who leaned toward  each other to read it together: Dear Ron, I have only ju t heard (from no le  a per on than the Mini ter for Magic him elf, who ha  it from your new teacher, Profe or Umbridge) that you have become a Hogwart  prefect. wa  mo t plea antly  urpri ed when I heard thi  new  and mu t fir tly offer my congratulation . I mu t admit that I have alway  been afraid that you would take what we might call the 'Fred and George' route, rather than following in my foot tep ,  o you can imagine my feeling  on hearing you have  topped flouting authority and have decided to  houlder  ome real re pon ibility. But I want to give you more than congratulation , Ron, I want to give you  ome advice, which i  why I am  ending thi  at night rather than by the u ual morning po t. Hopefully, you will be able to read thi  away from prying eye  and avoid awkward que tion . From  omething the Mini ter let  lip when telling me you are now a prefect, I gather that you are  till  eeing a lot of Harry Potter. I mu t tell you, Ron, that nothing could put you in danger of lo ing your badge more than continued fraterni ation with that boy. Ye , I am  ure you are  urpri ed to hear thi  - no doubt you will  ay that Potter ha  alway  been Dumbledore'  favourite — but I feel bound to tell you that Dumbledore may not be in charge at Hogwart  much longer and the people who count have a very different - and probably more accurate - view of Potter'  behaviour. I  hall  ay no more here, but if you look at the Daily Prophet tomorrow you will get a good idea of the way the wind i  blowing — and  ee if you can  pot your  truly! Seriou ly, Ron, you do not want to be tarred with the  ame bru h a  Potter, it could be very damaging to your future pro pect , and I am talking here about life after  chool, too. A  you mu t be aware, given that our father e corted him to court, Potter had a di ciplinary hearing thi   ummer in front of the whole Wizengamot and he did not come out of it looking too good. He got off on a mere technicality, if you a k me, and many of the people I've  poken to remain convinced of hi  guilt. It may be that you are afraid to  ever tie  with Potter - / know that he can be unbalanced and, for all I know, violent - but if you have any worrie  about thi , or have  potted anything el e in Potter'  behaviour that i  troubling you, I urge you to  peak to Dolore  Umbridge, a truly delightful woman who I know will be only too happy to advi e you. Thi  lead  me to my other bit of advice. A  I have hinted above, Dumbledore'  regime at Hogwart  may  oon be over. Your loyalty, Ron,  hould be not to him, but to the  chool and the Mini try. I am very  orry to hear that,  o far, Profe or Umbridge i  encountering very little co-operation from  taff a   he  trive  to make tho e nece ary change  within Hogwart  that the Mini try  o ardently de ire  (although  he  hould find thi  ea ier from next week — again,  ee the Daily Prophet tomorrow!). I  hall  ay only thi  - a  tudent who  how  him elf willing to help Profe or Umbridge now may be very well-placed for Head Boy hip in a couple of year ! I am  orry that I wa  unable to  ee more of you over the  ummer. It pain  me to critici e our parent , but I am afraid i can no longer live under their roof while they remain mixed up with the dangerou  crowd around Dumbledore. (If you are writing to Mother at any point, you might tell her that a certain Sturgi  Podmore, who i  a great friend of Dumbledore' , ha  recently been  ent to Azkabanfor tre pa  at the Mini try. Perhap  that will open their eye  to the kind of petty criminal  with whom they are currently rubbing  houlder .) I count my elf very lucky to have e caped the  tigma of a ociation with  uch people - the Mini ter really could not be more graciou  to me — and I do hope, Ron, that you will not allow family tie  to blind you to the mi guided nature of our parent ' belief  and action , either. I  incerely hope that, in time, they will reali e how mi taken they were and I  hall, of cour e, be ready to accept a full apology when that day come . Plea e think over what I have  aid mo t carefully, particularly the bit about Harry Potter, and congratulation  again on becoming prefect. Your brother, Percy Harry looked up at Ron. 'Well,' he  aid, trying to  ound a  though he found the whole thing a joke, 'if you want to - er - what i  it?' - he checked Percy'  letter - 'Oh yeah - “ ever tie ” with me, I  wear I won't get violent.' 'Give it back,'  aid Ron, holding out hi  hand. 'He i  -' Ron  aid jerkily, tearing Percy'  letter in half 'the world'  -' he tore it into quarter  'bigge t -' he tore it into eighth  'git.' He threw the piece  into the fire. 'Come on, we've got to get thi  fini hed  ometime before dawn,' he  aid bri kly to Harry, pulling Profe or Sini tra'  e ay back toward  him. Hermione wa  looking at Ron with an odd expre ion on her face. 'Oh, give them here,'  he  aid abruptly. 'What?'  aid Ron. 'Give them to me, I'll look through them and correct them,'  he  aid. 'Are you  eriou ? Ah, Hermione, you're a life- aver,'  aid Ron, 'what can I -?' 'What you can  ay i , “We promi e we'll never leave our homework thi  late again,”'  he  aid, holding out both hand  for their e ay , but  he looked  lightly amu ed all the  ame. Thank  a million, Hermione,'  aid Harry weakly, pa ing over hi  e ay and  inking back into hi  armchair, rubbing hi  eye . It wa  now pa t midnight and the common room wa  de erted but for the three of them and Crook hank . The only  ound wa  that of Hermione'  quill  cratching out  entence  here and there on their e ay  and the ruffle of page  a   he checked variou  fact  in the reference book   trewn acro  the table. Harry wa  exhau ted. He al o felt an odd,  ick, empty feeling in hi   tomach that had nothing to do with tiredne  and everything to do with the letter now curling blackly in the heart of the fire. He knew that half the people in ide Hogwart  thought him  trange, even mad; he knew that the Daily Prophet had been making  nide allu ion  to him for month , but there wa   omething about  eeing it written down like that in Percy  writing, about knowing that Percy wa  advi ing Ron to drop him and even to tell tale  about him to Umbridge, that made hi   ituation real to him a  nothing el e had. He had known Percy for four year , had  tayed in hi  hou e during the  ummer holiday ,  hared a tent with him during the Quidditch World Cup, had even been awarded full mark  by him in the  econd ta k of the Triwizard Tournament la t year, yet now, Percy thought him unbalanced and po ibly violent. And with a  urge of  ympathy for hi  godfather, Harry thought Siriu  wa  probably the only per on he knew who could really under tand how he felt at the moment, becau e Siriu  wa  in the  ame  ituation. Nearly everyone in the wizarding world thought Siriu  a dangerou  murderer and a great Voldemort  upporter and he had had to live with that knowledge for fourteen year … Harry blinked. He had ju t  een  omething in the fire that could not have been there. It had fla hed into  ight and vani hed immediately. No… it could not have been… he had imagined it becau e he had been thinking about Siriu … 'OK, write that down,' Hermione  aid to Ron, pu hing hi  e ay and a  heet covered in her own writing back to Ron, 'then add thi  conclu ion I've written for you.' 'Hermione, you are hone tly the mo t wonderful per on I've ever met,'  aid Ron weakly, 'and if I'm ever rude to you again -' '- I'll know you're back to normal,'  aid Hermione. 'Harry, your  i  OK except for thi  bit at the end, I think you mu t have mi heard Profe or Sini tra, Europa'  covered in ice, not mice -Harry?' Harry had  lid off hi  chair on to hi  knee  and wa  now crouching on the  inged and threadbare hearthrug, gazing into the flame . 'Er - Harry?'  aid Ron uncertainly. 'Why are you down there?' 'Becau e I've ju t  een Siriu '  head in the fire,'  aid Harry. He  poke quite calmly; after all, he had  een Siriu '  head in thi  very fire the previou  year and talked to it, too; neverthele , he could not be  ure that he had really  een it thi  time… it had vani hed  o quickly… 'Siriu '  head?' Hermione repeated. 'You mean like when he wanted to talk to you during the Triwizard Tournament? But he wouldn't do that now, it would be too - Siriu !' She ga ped, gazing at the fire; Ron dropped hi  quill. There in the middle of the dancing flame   at Siriu '  head, long dark hair falling around hi  grinning face. '1 wa   tarting to think you'd go to bed before everyone el e had di appeared,' he  aid. 'I've been checking every hour.' 'You've been popping into the fire every hour?' Harry  aid, half-laughing. 'Ju t for a few  econd  to check if the coa t wa  clear.' 'But what if you'd been  een?'  aid Hermione anxiou ly. 'Well, I think a girl - fir t-year, by the look of her - might've got a glimp e of me earlier, but don't worry' Siriu   aid ha tily, a  Hermione clapped a hand to her mouth, 'I wa  gone the moment  he looked back at me and I'll bet  he ju t thought I wa  an oddly- haped log or  omething.' 'But, Siriu , thi  i  taking an awful ri k -' Hermione began. 'You  ound like Molly,'  aid Siriu . Thi  wa  the only way I could come up with of an wering Harry  letter without re orting to a code - and code  are breakable.' At the mention of Harry'  letter, Hermione and Ron both turned to  tare at him. 'You didn't  ay you'd written to Siriu !'  aid Hermione accu ingly. 'I forgot,'  aid Harry, which wa  perfectly true; hi  meeting with Cho in the Owlery had driven everything before it out of hi  mind. 'Don't look at me like that, Hermione, there wa  no way anyone would have got  ecret information out of it, wa  there, Siriu ?' 'No, it wa  very good,'  aid Siriu ,  miling. 'Anyway, we'd better be quick, ju t in ca e we're di turbed - your  car.' 'What about -?' Ron began, but Hermione interrupted him. . 'We'll tell you afterward . Go on, Siriu .' 'Well, I know it can't be fun when it hurt , but we don't think it'  anything to really worry about. It kept aching all la t year, didn't it?' 'Yeah, and Dumbledore  aid it happened whenever Voldemort wa  feeling a powerful emotion,'  aid Harry, ignoring, a  u ual, Ron and Hermione'  wince . 'So maybe he wa  ju t, I dunno, really angry or  omething the night I had that detention.' 'Well, now he'  back it'  bound to hurt more often,'  aid Siriu . 'So you don't think it had anything to do with Umbridge touching me when I wa  in detention with her?' Harry a ked. 'I doubt it,'  aid Siriu . 'I know her by reputation and I'm  ure  he'  no Death Eater -' 'She'  foul enough to be one,'  aid Harry darkly, and Ron and Hermione nodded vigorou ly in agreement. 'Ye , but the world i n't  plit into good people and Death Eater ,'  aid Siriu  with a wry  mile. 'I know  he'  a na ty piece of work, though — you  hould hear Remu  talk about her.' 'Doe  Lupin know her?' a ked Harry quickly, remembering Umbridge'  comment  about dangerou  half-breed  during her fir t le on. 'No,'  aid Siriu , 'but  he drafted a bit of anti-werewolf legi lation two year  ago that make  it almo t impo ible for him to get a job.' Harry remembered how much  habbier Lupin looked the e day  and hi  di like of Umbridge deepened even further. 'What'   he got again t werewolve ?"  aid Hermione angrily. 'Scared of them, I expect,'  aid Siriu ,  miling at her indignation. 'Apparently  he loathe  part-human ;  he campaigned to have merpeople rounded up and tagged la t year, too. Imagine wa ting your time and energy per ecuting merpeople when there are little toerag  like Kreacher on the loo e.' Ron laughed but Hermione looked up et. 'Siriu !'  he  aid reproachfully. 'Hone tly, if you made a bit of an effort with Kreacher, I'm  ure he'd re pond. After all, you are the only member of hi  family he'  got left, and Profe or Dumbledore  aid -' 'So, what are Umbridge'  le on  like?' Siriu  interrupted. 'I   he training you all to kill half-breed ?' 'No,'  aid Harry, ignoring Hermione'  affronted look at being cut off in her defence of Kreacher. 'She'  not letting u  u e magic at all!' 'All we do i  read the  tupid textbook,'  aid Ron. 'Ah, well, that figure ,'  aid Siriu . 'Our information Irom in ide the Mini try i  that Fudge doe n't want you trained in combat.' 'Trained in combat!' repeated Harry incredulou ly. 'What doe  he think we're doing here, forming  ome  ort of wizard army?' That'  exactly what he think  you're doing,'  aid Siriu , 'or, rather, that'  exactly what he'  afraid Dumbledore'  doing - forming hi  own private army, with which he will be able to take on the Mini try of Magic.' There wa  a pau e at thi , then Ron  aid, That'  the mo t  tupid thing I've ever heard, including all the  tuff that Luna Lovegood come  out with.' 'So we're being prevented from learning Defence Again t the Dark Art  becau e Fudge i   cared we'll u e  pell  again t the Mini try?'  aid Hermione, looking furiou . 'Yep,'  aid Siriu . 'Fudge think  Dumbledore will  top at nothing to  eize power. He'  getting more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day. It'  a matter of time before he ha  Dumbledore arre ted on  ome trumped-up charge.' Thi  reminded Harry of Percy'  letter. 'D'you know if there'  going to be anything about Dumbledore in the Daily Prophet tomorrow? Ron'  brother Percy reckon  there will be -' 'I don't know,'  aid Siriu , 'I haven't  een anyone from the Order all weekend, they're all bu y. It'  ju t been Kreacher and me here There wa  a definite note of bitterne  in Siriu '  voice. 'So you haven't had any new  about Hagrid, either?' 'Ah…'  aid Siriu , 'well, he wa   uppo ed to be back by now, no one'   ure what'  happened to him.' Then,  eeing their  tricken face , he added quickly, 'But Dumbledore'  not worried,  o don't you three get your elve  in a  tate; I'm  ure Hagrid'  fine.' 'But if he wa   uppo ed to be back by now…'  aid Hermione in a  mall, anxiou  voice. 'Madame Maxime wa  with him, we've been in touch with her and  he  ay  they got  eparated on the journey home - but there'  nothing to  ugge t he'  hurt or - well, nothing to  ugge t he'  not perfectly OK.' Unconvinced, Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged worried look . 'Li ten, don't go a king too many que tion  about Hagrid,'  aid Siriu  ha tily, 'it'll ju t draw even more attention to the fact that he'  not back and I know Dumbledore doe n't want that. Hagrid'  tough, he'll be OK.' And when they did not appear cheered by thi , Siriu  added, 'When'  your next Hog meade weekend, anyway? I wa  thinking, we got away with the dog di gui e at the  tation, didn't we? I thought I could —' 'NO!'  aid Harry and Hermione together, very loudly. 'Siriu , didn't you  ee the Daily Prophet?'  aid Hermione anxiou ly. 'Oh, that,'  aid Siriu , grinning, 'they're alway  gue ing where I am, they haven't really got a clue -' 'Yeah, but we think thi  time they have,'  aid Harry. 'Something Malfoy  aid on the train made u  think he knew it wa  you, and hi  father wa  on the platform, Siriu  - you know, Luciu  Malfoy -  o don't come up here, whatever you do. If Malfoy recogni e  you again -' 'All right, all right, I've got the point,'  aid Siriu . He looked mo t di plea ed. 'Ju t an idea, thought you might like to get together.' 'I would, I ju t don't want you chucked back in Azkaban!'  aid Harry. There wa  a pau e in which Siriu  looked out of the fire at Harry, a crea e between hi   unken eye . 'You're le  like your father than I thought,' he  aid finally, a definite coolne  in hi  voice. The ri k would've been what made it fun for Jame .' 'Look -' 'Well, I'd better get going, I can hear Kreacher coming down the  tair ,'  aid Siriu , but Harry wa   ure he wa  lying. Til write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire, then,  hall I? If you can  tand to ri k it?' There wa  a tiny pop, and the place where Siriu '  head had been wa  flickering flame once more. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 15 - The Hogwart  High Inqui itor They had expected to have to comb Hermione'  Daily Prophet carefully next morning to find the article Percy had mentioned in hi  letter. However, the departing delivery owl had barely cleared the top of the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge ga p and flattened the new paper to reveal a large photograph of Dolore  Umbridge,  miling widely and blinking  lowly at them from beneath the headline. MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORM DOLORES UMBR1DGE APPOINTED FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR 'Umbridge - “High Inqui itor”?'  aid Harry darkly, hi  half-eaten piece of toa t  lipping from hi  finger . 'What doe  that mean?' Hermione read aloud: 'In a  urpri e move la t night the Mini try of Magic pa ed new legi lation giving it elf an unprecedented level of control at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. '“The Mini ter ha  been growing unea y about going -on at Hogwart  for  ome time,”  aid junior A i tant to the Mini ter, Percy Wea ley. “He i  now re ponding to concern  voiced by anxiou  parent , who feel the  chool may be moving in a direction they do not approve of.” 'Thi  i  not the fir t time in recent week  that the Mini ter, Corneliu  Fudge, ha  u ed new law  to effect improvement  at the wizarding  chool. A  recently a  30ih Augu t, Educational Decree Number Twenty-two wa  pa ed, to en ure that, in the event of the current Headma ter being unable to provide a candidate for a teaching po t, the Mini try  hould  elect an appropriate per on. '“That'  how Dolore  Umbridge came to be appointed to the teaching  taff at Hogwart ,”  aid Wea ley la t night. “Dumbledore couldn't find anyone  o the Mini ter put in Umbridge, and of cour e,  he'  been an immediate  ucce  —”' 'She'  been a WHAT?'  aid Harry loudly. 'Wait, there'  more,'  aid Hermione grimly. '“— an immediate  ucce , totally revolutioni ing the teaching of Defence Again t the Dark Art  and providing the Mini ter with on-the-ground feedback about what'  really happening at Hogwart .” 'It i  thi  la t function that the Mini try ha  now formali ed with the pa ing of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, which create  the new po ition of Hogwart  High Inqui itor. '“Thi  i  an exciting new pha e in the Mini ter'  plan to get to grip  with what  ome are calling the falling  tandard  at Hogwart ,”  aid Wea ley. “The Inqui itor will have power  to in pect her fellow educator  and make  ure that they are coming up to  cratch. Profe or Umbridge ha  been offered thi  po ition in addition to her own teaching po t and we are delighted to  ay that  he ha  accepted.” 'The Mini try'  new move  have received enthu ia tic  upport from parent  of  tudent  at Hogwart . “T feel much ea ier in my mind now that I know Dumbledore i  being  ubjected to fair and objective evaluation,”  aid Mr Luciu  Malfoy, 41,  peaking from hi  Wilt hire man ion la t night. “Many of u  with our children'  be t intere t  at heart have been concerned about  ome of Dumbledore'  eccentric deci ion  in the la t few year  and are glad to know that the Mini try i  keeping an eye on the  ituation.” 'Among tho e eccentric deci ion  are undoubtedly the controver ial  taff appointment  previou ly de cribed in thi  new paper, which have included the employment of werewolf Remu  Lupin, half-giant Rubeu  Hagrid and delu ional ex-Auror, “Mad-Eye” Moody. 'Rumour  abound, of cour e, that Albu  Dumbledore, once Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizard  and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, i  no longer up to the ta k of managing the pre tigiou   chool of Hogwart . '“I think the appointment of the Inqui itor i  a fir t  tep toward  en uring that Hogwart  ha  a headma ter in whom we can all repo e our confidence,”  aid a Mini try in ider la t night. 'Wizengamot elder  Gri elda Marchbank  and Tiberiu  Ogden have re igned in prote t at the introduction of the po t of Inqui itor to Hogwart . '“Hogwart  i  a  chool, not an outpo t of Corneliu  Fudge'  office,”  aid Madam Marchbank . “Thi  i  a further, di gu ting attempt to di credit Albu  Dumbledore.” '(For a full account of Madam Marchbank '  alleged link  to .  ubver ive goblin group , turn to page  eventeen.)' Hermione fini hed reading and looked acro  the table at the other two. 'So now we know how we ended up with Umbridge! Fudge pa ed thi  “Educational Decree” and forced her on u ! And now he'  given her the power to in pect the other teacher !' Hermione wa  breathing fa t and her eye  were very bright. 'I can't believe thi . It'  outrageou ]' 'I know it i ,'  aid Harry. He looked down at hi  right hand, clenched on the table-top, and  aw the faint white outline of the word  Umbridge had forced him to cut into hi   kin. But a grin wa  unfurling on Ron'  face. 'What?'  aid Harry and Hermione together,  taring at him. 'Oh, I can't wait to  ee McGonagall in pected,'  aid Ron happily. 'Umbridge won't know what'  hit her.' 'Well, come on,'  aid Hermione, jumping up, 'we'd better get going, if  he'  in pecting Binn '  cla  we don't want to be late…' But Profe or Umbridge wa  not in pecting their Hi tory of Magic le on, which wa  ju t a  dull a  the previou  Monday, nor wa   he in Snape'  dungeon when they arrived for double Potion , where Harry'  moon tone e ay wa  handed back to him with a large,  piky black 'D'  crawled in an upper corner. THE Hoc WARTS HIGH INQUISITOR 'I have awarded you the grade  you would have received if you pre ented thi  work in your OWL,'  aid Snape with a  mirk, a  he  wept among them, pa ing back their homework. Thi   hould give you a reali tic idea of what to expect in the examination.' Snape reached the front of the cla  and turned on hi  heel to face them. The general  tandard of thi  homework wa  aby mal. Mo t of you would have failed had thi  been your examination. I expect to  ee a great deal more effort for thi  week  e ay on the variou  varietie  of venom antidote , or I  hall have to  tart handing out detention  to tho e dunce  who get a "D'V He  mirked a  Malfoy  niggered and  aid in a carrying whi per, 'Some people got a “D”? Ha!' Harry reali ed that Hermione wa  looking  ideway  to  ee what grade he had received; he  lid hi  moon tone e ay back into hi  bag a  quickly a  po ible, feeling that he would rather keep that information private. Determined not to give Snape an excu e to fail him thi  le on, Harry read and reread every line of in truction  on the blackboard at lea t three time  before acting on them. Hi  Strengthening Solution wa  not preci ely the clear turquoi e  hade of Hermione'  but it wa  at lea t blue rather than pink, like Neville' , and he delivered a fla k of it to Snape'  de k at the end of the le on with a feeling of mingled defiance and relief. 'Well, that wa n't a  bad a  la t week, wa  it?'  aid Hermione, a  they climbed the  tep  out of the dungeon and made their way acro  the Entrance Hall toward  lunch. 'And the homework didn't go too badly, either, did it?' When neither Ron nor Harry an wered,  he pre ed on, 'I mean, all right, I didn't expect the top grade, not if he'  marking to OWL  tandard, but a pa  i  quite encouraging at thi   tage, wouldn't you  ay?' Harry made a non-committal noi e in hi  throat. 'Of cour e, a lot can happen between now and the exam, we've got plenty of time to improve, but the grade  we're getting now are a  ort of ba eline, aren't they? Something we can build on…" They  at down together at the Gryffmdor table. 'Obviou ly, I'd have been thrilled if I'd got an “O” -' 'Hermione,'  aid Ron  harply 'if you want to know what grade  we got, a k.' : -' 'I don't - I didn't mean - well, if you want to tell me -' ••- 'I got a “P”,'  aid Ron, ladling  oup into hi  bowl. 'Happy?' 'Well, that'  nothing to be a hamed of,'  aid Fred, who had ju t arrived at the table with George and Lee Jordan and wa   itting down on Harry'  right. 'Nothing wrong with a good healthy “P”.' 'But,'  aid Hermione, 'doe n't “P”  tand for…" '“Poor”, yeah,'  aid Lee Jordan. 'Still, better than “D”, i n't it? “Dreadful”?' Harry felt hi  face grow warm and faked a  mall coughing fit over hi  roll. When he emerged from thi  he wa   orry to find that Hermione wa   till in full flow about OWL grade . 'So top grade'  “O” for “Out tanding”,'  he wa   aying, 'and then there'  “A” -' 'No, “E”,' George corrected her, '“E” for “Exceed  Expectation ”. And I've alway  thought Fred and I  hould've got “E” in everything, becau e we exceeded expectation  ju t by turning up for the exam .' They all laughed except Hermione, who ploughed on, 'So, after “E” it'  “A” for “Acceptable”, and that'  the la t pa  grade, i n't it?' 'Yep,'  aid Fred, dunking an entire roll in hi   oup, tran ferring it to hi  mouth and  wallowing it whole. Then you get “P” for “Poor”-' Ron rai ed both hi  arm  in mock celebration - 'and “D” for “Dreadful”.' 'And then “T”,' George reminded him. 'T“?' a ked Hermione, looking appalled. 'Even lower than a ”D“? What on earth doe  ”T"  tand for?' 'Troll",'  aid George promptly. Harry laughed again, though he wa  not  ure whether or not George wa  joking. He imagined trying to conceal from Hermione that he had received T'  in all hi  OWL  and immediately re olved to work harder from now on. 'You lot had an in pected le on yet?' Fred a ked them. 'No,'  aid Hermione at once. 'Have you?' 'Ju t now, before lunch,'  aid George. 'Charm .' THE Hoc WARTS HIGH INQUISITOR 'What wa  it like?' Harry and Hermione a ked together. Fred  hrugged. 'Not that bad. Umbridge ju t lurked in the corner making note  on a clipboard. You know what Flitwick'  like, he treated her like a gue t, didn't  eem to bother him at all. She didn't  ay much. A ked Alicia a couple of que tion  about what the cla e  are normally like, Alicia told her they were really good, that wa  it.' 'I can't  ee old Flitwick getting marked down,'  aid George, 'he u ually get  everyone through their exam  all right.' 'Who've you got thi  afternoon?' Fred a ked Harry. Trelawney -' 'A “T” if ever I  aw one.' '- and Umbridge her elf.' 'Well, be a good boy and keep your temper with Umbridge today'  aid George. 'Angelina'll do her nut if you mi  any more Quidditch practice .' But Harry did not have to wait for Defence Again t the Dark Art  to meet Profe or Umbridge. He wa  pulling out hi  dream diary in a  eat at the very back of the  hadowy Divination room when Ron elbowed him in the rib  and, looking round, he  aw Profe or Umbridge emerging through the trapdoor in the floor. The cla , which had been talking cheerily fell  ilent at once. The abrupt fall in the noi e level made Profe or Trelawney, who had been wafting about handing out copie  of The Dream Oracle, look round. 'Good afternoon, Profe or Trelawney,'  aid Profe or Umbridge with her wide  mile. 'You received my note, I tru t? Giving the time and date of your in pection?' Profe or Trelawney nodded curtly and, looking very di gruntled, turned her back on Profe or Umbridge and continued to give out book . Still  miling, Profe or Umbridge gra ped the back of the neare t armchair and pulled it to the front of the cla   o that it wa  a few inche  behind Profe or Trelawney   eat. She then  at down, took her clipboard from her flowery bag and looked up expectantly, waiting for the cla  to begin. Profe or Trelawney pulled her  hawl  tight about her with  lightly trembling hand  and  urveyed the cla  through her hugely magnifying len e . 'We  hall be continuing our  tudy of prophetic dream  today,'  he  aid in a brave attempt at her u ual my tic tone , though her voice  hook  lightly. 'Divide into pair , plea e, and interpret each other'  late t night-time vi ion  with the aid of the Oracle.' She made a  though to  weep back to her  eat,  aw Profe or Umbridge  itting right be ide it, and immediately veered left toward  Parvati and Lavender, who were already deep in di cu ion about Parvati'  mo t recent dream. Harry opened hi  copy of The Dream Oracle, watching Umbridge covertly. She wa  already making note  on her clipboard. After a few minute   he got to her ieet and began to pace the room in Trelawney'  wake, li tening to her conver ation  with  tudent  and po ing que tion  here and there. Harry bent hi  head hurriedly over hi  book. Think of a dream, quick,' he told Ron, 'in ca e the old toad come  our way.' 'I did it la t time,' Ron prote ted, 'it'  your turn, you tell me one.' 'Oh, I dunno…'  aid Harry de perately, who could not remember dreaming anything at all over the la t few day . 'Let   ay I dreamed I wa … drowning Snape in my cauldron. Yeah, that'll do…' Ron chortled a  he opened hi  Dream Oracle. 'OK, we've got to add your age to the date you had the dream, the number of letter  in the  ubject… would that be “drowning” or “cauldron” or “Snape”?' 'It doe n't matter, pick any of them,'  aid Harry, chancing a glance behind him. Profe or Umbridge wa  now  tanding at Profe or Trelawney   houlder making note  while the Divination teacher que tioned Neville about hi  dream diary. 'What night did you dream thi  again?' Ron  aid, immer ed in calculation . 'I dunno, la t night, whenever you like,' Harry told him, trying to li ten to what Umbridge wa   aying to Profe or Trelawney. They were only a table away from him and Ron now. Profe or Umbridge wa  making another note on her clipboard and Profe or Trelawney wa  looking extremely put out. 'Now,'  aid Umbridge, looking up at Trelawney, 'you've been in thi  po t how long, exactly?' Profe or Trelawney  cowled at her, arm  cro ed and  houlder  hunched a  though wi hing to protect her elf a  much a  po ible from the indignity of the in pection. After a  light pau e in which  he  eemed to decide that the que tion wa  not  o offen ive that  he could rea onably ignore it,  he  aid in a deeply re entful tone, 'Nearly  ixteen year .' 'Quite a period,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, making a note on her clipboard. 'So it wa  Profe or Dumbledore who appointed you?' That'  right,'  aid Profe or Trelawney  hortly. Profe or Umbridge made another note. 'And you are a great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Ca andra Trelawney?' 'Ye ,'  aid Profe or Trelawney, holding her head a little higher. Another note on the clipboard. 'But I think - correct me if I am mi taken - that you are the fir t in your family  ince Ca andra to be po e ed of Second Sight?' 'The e thing  often  kip - er - three generation ,'  aid Profe or Trelawney. Profe or Umbridge'  toadlike  mile widened. 'Of cour e,'  he  aid  weetly, making yet another note. 'Well, if you could ju t predict  omething for me, then?' And  he looked up enquiringly,  till  miling. Profe or Trelawney  tiffened a  though unable to believe her ear . 'I don't under tand you,'  he  aid, clutching convul ively at the  hawl around her  crawny neck. 'I'd like you to make a prediction for me,'  aid Profe or Umbridge very clearly. Harry and Ron were not the only people now watching and li tening  neakily from behind their book . Mo t of the cla  were  taring tran fixed at Profe or Trelawney a   he drew her elf up to her full height, her bead  and bangle  clinking. The Inner Eye doe  not See upon command!'  he  aid in  candali ed tone . 'I  ee,'  aid Profe or Umbridge  oftly, making yet another note on her clipboard. 'I - but - but… wait!'  aid Profe or Trelawney  uddenly, in an attempt at her u ual ethereal voice, though the my tical effect wa  ruined  omewhat by the way it wa   haking with anger. 'I… I think I do  ee  omething…  omething that concern  you… why, I  en e  omething…  omething dark…  ome grave peril…' Profe or Trelawney pointed a  haking finger at Profe or Umbridge who continued to  mile blandly at her, eyebrow  rai ed. 'I am afraid… I am afraid that you are in grave danger!' Profe or Trelawney fini hed dramatically. There wa  a pau e. Profe or Umbridge  urveyed Profe or Trelawney. 'Right,'  he  aid  oftly,  cribbling on her clipboard once more. 'Well, if that'  really the be t you can do…' She turned away, leaving Profe or Trelawney  tanding rooted to the  pot, her che t heaving. Harry caught Ron'  eye and knew that Ron wa  thinking exactly the  ame a  he wa : they both knew that Profe or Trelawney wa  an old fraud, but on the other hand, they loathed Umbridge  o much that they felt very much on Trelawney   ide - until  he  wooped down on them a few  econd  later, that i . 'Well?'  he  aid,  napping her long finger  under Harry'  no e, uncharacteri tically bri k. 'Let me  ee the  tart you've made on your dream diary, plea e.' And by the time  he had interpreted Harry  dream  at the top of her voice (all of which, even the one  that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a grue ome and early death), he wa  feeling much le   ympathetic toward  her. All the while, Profe or Umbridge  tood a few feet away, making note  on that clipboard, and when the bell rang  he de cended the  ilver ladder fir t and wa  waiting for them all when they reached their Defence Again t the Dark Art  le on ten minute  later. She wa  humming and  miling to her elf when they entered the room. Harry and Ron told Hermione, who had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened in Divination while they all took out their copie  of Defen ive Magical Theory, but before Hermione could a k any que tion  Profe or Umbridge had called them all to order and  ilence fell. 'Wand  away'  he in tructed them all with a  mile, and tho e people who had been hopeful enough to take them out,  adly returned them to their bag . 'A  we fini hed Chapter One la t THE HOG WARTS HIGH INQUISITOR le on, I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence “Chapter Two, Common Defen ive Theorie  and their Derivation”. There will be no need to talk.' Still  miling her wide,  elf- ati fied  mile,  he  at down at her de k. The cla  gave an audible  igh a  it turned, a  one, to page nineteen. Harry wondered dully whether there were enough chapter  in the book to keep them reading through all thi  year'  le on  and wa  on the point of checking the content  page when he noticed that Hermione had her hand in the air again. Profe or Umbridge had noticed, too, and what wa  more,  he  eemed to have worked out a  trategy for ju t  uch an eventuality. In tead of trying to pretend  he had not noticed Hermione  he got to her feet and walked around the front row of de k  until they were face to face, then  he bent down and whi pered,  o that the re t of the cla  could not hear, 'What i  it thi  time, Mi  Granger?' 'I've already read Chapter Two,'  aid Hermione. 'Well then, proceed to Chapter Three.' 'I've read that too. I've read the whole book.' Profe or Umbndge blinked but recovered her poi e almo t in tantly. 'Well, then, you  hould be able to tell me what Slinkhard  ay  about counter-jinxe  in Chapter Fifteen.' 'He  ay  that counter-jinxe  are improperly named,'  aid Hermione promptly. 'He  ay  “counter-jinx” i  ju t a name people give their jinxe  when they want to make them  ound more acceptable.' Profe or Umbridge rai ed her eyebrow  and Harry knew  he wa  impre ed, again t her will. 'But I di agree,' Hermione continued. Profe or Umbridge'  eyebrow  ro e a little higher and her gaze became di tinctly colder. 'You di agree?'  he repeated. 'Ye , I do,'  aid Hermione, who, unlike Umbridge, wa  not whi pering, but  peaking in a clear, carrying voice that had by now attracted the attention of the re t of the cla . 'Mr Slinkhard doe n't like jinxe , doe  he? But, I think they can be very u eful when they're u ed defen ively.' 'Oh, you do, do you?'  aid Profe or Umbridge, forgetting to whi per and  traightening up. 'Well, I'm afraid it i  Mr Slinkhard'  opinion, and not your , that matter  within thi  cla room, Mi  Granger.' 'But -' Hermione began. That i  enough,'  aid Profe or Umbridge. She walked back to the front of the cla  and  tood before them, all the jauntine   he had  hown at the beginning of the le on gone. 'Mi  Granger, I am going to take five point  from Gryffindor hou e.' There wa  an outbreak of muttering at thi . : 'What for?'  aid Harry angrily. 'Don't you get involved!' Hermione whi pered urgently to him. 'For di rupting my cla  with pointle  interruption ,'  aid Profe or Umbridge  moothly. 'I am here to teach you u ing a Mini try-approved method that doe  not include inviting  tudent  to give their opinion  on matter  about which they under tand very little. Your previou  teacher  in thi   ubject may have allowed you more licence, but a  none of them - with the po ible exception of Profe or Quirrell, who did at lea t appear to have re tricted him elf to age-appropriate  ubject  - would have pa ed a Mini try in pection -' 'Yeah, Quirrell wa  a great teacher,'  aid Harry loudly, 'there wa  ju t that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort  ticking out of the back of hi  head.' Thi  pronouncement wa  followed by one of the loude t  ilence  Harry had ever heard. Then - 'I think another week'  detention  would do you  ome good, Mr Potter,'  aid Umbridge  leekly. * The cut on the back of Harry'  hand had barely healed and, by the following morning, it wa  bleeding again. He did not complain during the evening'  detention; he wa  determined not to give Umbridge the  ati faction; over and over again he wrote I mu t not tell lie  and not a  ound e caped hi  lip , though the cut deepened with every letter. The very wor t part of thi   econd week'  worth of detention  wa , ju t a  George had predicted, Angelina  reaction. She cornered him ju t a  he arrived at the Gryffindor table for breakfa t on Tue day and  houted  o loudly that Profe or McGonagall came  weeping down upon the pair of them from the  taff table. 'Mi  John on, how dare you make  uch a racket in the Great Hall! Five point  from Gryffindor!' 'But Profe or - he'  gone and landed him elf in detention again - 'What'  thi , Potter?'  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply, rounding on Harry. 'Detention? From whom?' 'From Profe or Umbridge,' muttered Harry, not meeting Profe or McGonagall  beady,  quare-framed eye . 'Are you telling me,'  he  aid, lowering her voice  o that the group of curiou  Ravenclaw  behind them could not hear, 'that after the warning I gave you la t Monday you lo t your temper in Profe or Umbridge'  cla  again?' 'Ye ,' Harry muttered,  peaking to the floor. 'Potter, you mu t get a grip on your elf! You are heading for  eriou  trouble! Another five point  from Gryffindor!' 'But - what -? Profe or, no!' Harry  aid, furiou  at thi  inju tice, 'I'm already being puni hed by her, why do you have to take point  a  well?' 'Becau e detention  do not appear to have any effect on you what oever!'  aid Profe or McGonagall tartly. 'No, not another word of complaint, Potter! And a  for you, Mi  John on, you will confine your  houting matche  to the Quidditch pitch in future or ri k lo ing the team captaincy!' Profe or McGonagall  trode back toward  the  taff table. Angelina gave Harry a look of deepe t di gu t and  talked away, upon which he flung him elf on to the bench be ide Ron, fuming. 'She'  taken point  off Gryffindor becau e I'm having my hand  liced open every night! How i  that fair, how?' 'I know, mate,'  aid Ron  ympathetically, tipping bacon on to Harry'  plate, ' he'  bang out of order.' Hermione, however, merely ru tled the page  of her Daily Prophet and  aid nothing. 'You think McGonagall wa  right, do you?'  aid Harry angrily to the picture of Corneliu  Fudge ob curing Hermione'  face. 'I wi h  he hadn't taken point  from you, but I think  he'  right to warn you not to lo e your temper with Umbridge,'  aid Hermione'  voice, while Fudge ge ticulated forcefully from the front page, clearly giving  ome kind of  peech. Harry did not  peak to Hermione all through Charm , but when they entered Tran figuration he forgot about being cro  with her. Profe or Umbridge and her clipboard were  itting in a corner and the  ight of her drove the memory of breakfa t right out of hi  head. 'Excellent,' whi pered Ron, a  they  at down in their u ual  eat . 'Let'   ee Umbridge get what  he de erve .' Profe or McGonagall marched into the room without giving the  lighte t indication that  he knew Profe or Umbridge wa  there. That will do,'  he  aid and  ilence fell immediately. 'Mr Finnigan, kindly come here and hand back the homework - Mi  Brown, plea e take thi  box of mice - don't be  illy, girl, they won't hurt you - and hand one to each  tudent -' 'Hem, hem,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, employing the  ame  illy little cough  he had u ed to interrupt Dumbledore on the fir t night of term. Profe or McGonagall ignored her. Seamu  handed back Harry'  e ay; Harry took it without looking at him and  aw, to hi  relief, that he had managed an 'A'. 'Right then, everyone, li ten clo ely - Dean Thoma , if you do that to the mou e again I  hall put you in detention - mo t of you have now  ucce fully Vani hed your  nail  and even tho e who were left with a certain amount of  hell have got the gi t of the  pell. Today, we  hall be -' 'Hem, hem,'  aid Profe or Umbridge. 'Ye ?'  aid Profe or McGonagall, turning round, her eyebrow   o clo e together they  eemed to form one long,  evere line. '1 wa  ju t wondering, Profe or, whether you received my note telling you of the date and time of your in pec—' 'Obviou ly I received it, or I would have a ked you what you are doing in my cla room,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Profe or Umbridge. Many of the  tudent  exchanged look  of glee. 'A  I wa   aying: today, we  hall be practi ing the altogether more difficult Vani hment of mice. Now, the Vani hing Spell -' 'Hem, hem.' 'I wonder,'  aid Profe or McGonagall in cold fury, turning on Profe or Umbridge, 'how you expect to gain an idea of my u ual teaching method  if you continue to interrupt me? You  ee, I do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking.' Profe or Umbridge looked a  though  he had ju t been  lapped in the face. She did not  peak, but  traightened the parchment on her clipboard and began  cribbling furiou ly. Looking  upremely unconcerned, Profe or McGonagall addre ed the cla  once more. 'A  I wa   aying: the Vani hing Spell become  more difficult with the complexity of the animal to be Vani hed. The  nail, a  an invertebrate, doe  not pre ent much of a challenge; the mou e, a  a mammal, offer  a much greater one. Thi  i  not, therefore, magic you can accompli h with your mind on your dinner. So - you know the incantation, let me  ee what you can do…' 'How  he can lecture me about not lo ing my temper with Umbridge!' Harry muttered to Ron under hi  breath, but he wa  grinning - hi  anger with Profe or McGonagall had quite evaporated. Profe or Umbridge did not follow Profe or McGonagall around the cla  a   he had followed Profe or Trelawney; perhap   he reali ed Profe or McGonagall would not permit it. She did, however, take many more note  while  itting in her corner, and when Profe or McGonagall finally told them all to pack away,  he ro e with a grim expre ion on her face. 'Well, it'  a  tart,'  aid Ron, holding up a long wriggling mou e-tail and dropping it back into the box Lavender wa  pa ing around. A  they filed out of the cla room, Harry  aw Profe or Umbridge approach the teacher'  de k; he nudged Ron, who nudged Hermione in turn, and the three of them deliberately fell back to eave drop. 'How long have you been teaching at Hogwart ?' Profe or Umbridge a ked. Thirty-nine year  thi  December,'  aid Profe or McGonagall bru quely,  napping her bag  hut. Profe or Umbridge made a note. 'Very well,'  he  aid, 'you will receive the re ult  of your in pection in ten day ' time.' 'I can hardly wait,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, in a coldly indifferent voice, and  he  trode off toward  the door. 'Hurry up, you three,'  he added,  weeping Harry, Ron and Hermione before her. Harry could not help giving her a faint  mile and could have  worn he received one in return. He had thought that the next time he would  ee Umbridge would be in hi  detention that evening, but he wa  wrong. When they walked down the lawn  toward  the Fore t for Care of Magical Creature , they found her and her clipboard waiting for them be ide Profe or Grubbly-Plank. 'You do not u ually take thi  cla , i  that correct?' Harry heard her a k a  they arrived at the tre tle table where the group of captive Bowtruckle  were  crabbling around for woodlice like  o many living twig . 'Quite correct,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank, hand  behind her back and bouncing on the ball  of her feet. 'I am a  ub titute teacher  tanding in for Profe or Hagrid.' Harry exchanged unea y look  with Ron and Hermione. Malfoy wa  whi pering with Crabbe and Goyle; he would  urely love thi  opportunity to tell tale  on Hagrid to a member of the Mini try. 'Hmm,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, dropping her voice, though Harry could  till hear her quite clearly. '1 wonder - the Headma ter  eem   trangely reluctant to give me any information on the matter - can you tell me what i  cau ing Profe or Hagrid'  very extended leave of ab ence?' Harry  aw Malfoy look up eagerly and watch Umbridge and Grubbly-Plank clo ely. 'Fraid I can't,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank breezily. 'Don't know anything more about it than you do. Got an owl from Dumbledore, would I like a couple of week ' teaching work. I accepted. That'  a  much a  I know. Well…  hall I get  tarted then?' 'Ye , plea e do,'  aid Profe or Umbridge,  cribbling on her clipboard. Umbridge took a different tack in thi  cla  and wandered among t the  tudent , que tioning them on magical creature . Mo t people were able to an wer well and Harry'   pirit  lifted  omewhat; at lea t the cla  wa  not letting Hagrid down. 'Overall,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, returning to Profe or Grubbly-Plank'   ide after a lengthy interrogation of Dean Thoma , 'how do you, a  a temporary member of  taff- an objective out ider, I  uppo e you might  ay — how do you find Hogwart ? Do you feel you receive enough  upport from the  chool management?' 'Oh, ye , Dumbledore'  excellent,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank heartily. 'Ye , I'm very happy with the way thing  are run, very happy indeed.' Looking politely incredulou , Umbridge made a tiny note on her clipboard and went on, 'And what are you planning to cover with thi  cla  thi  year - a uming, of cour e, that Profe or Hagrid doe  not return?' 'Oh, I'll take them through the creature  that mo t often come up in OWL,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank. 'Not much left to do - they've  tudied unicorn  and Niffler , I thought we'd cover Porlock  and Kneazle , make  ure they can recogni e Crup  and Knarl , you know…' 'Well, you  eem to know what you're doing, at any rate,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, making a very obviou  tick on her clipboard. Harry did not like the empha i   he put on 'you' and liked it even le  when  he put her next que tion to Goyle. 'Now, I hear there have been injurie  in thi  cla ?' Goyle gave a  tupid grin. Malfoy ha tened to an wer the que tion. That wa  me,' he  aid. '1 wa   la hed by a Hippogriff.' 'A Hippogriff?'  aid Profe or Umbridge, now  cribbling frantically. 'Only becau e he wa  too  tupid to li ten to what Hagrid told him to do,'  aid Harry angrily. Both Ron and Hermione groaned. Profe or Umbridge turned her head  lowly in Harry'  direction. 'Another night  detention, I think,'  he  aid  oftly. 'Well, thank you very much, Profe or Grubbly-Plank, I think that'  all I need here. You will be receiving the re ult  of your in pection within ten day .' 'Jolly good,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank, and Profe or Umbridge  et off back acro  the lawn to the ca tle. * It wa  nearly midnight when Harry left Umbridge'  office that night, hi  hand now bleeding  o  everely that it wa   taining the  carf he had wrapped around it. He expected the common room to be empty when he returned, but Ron and Hermione had  at up waiting for him. He wa  plea ed to  ee them, e pecially a  Hermione wa  di po ed to be  ympathetic rather than critical. 'Here,'  he  aid anxiou ly, pu hing a  mall bowl of yellow liquid toward  him, ' oak your hand in that, it'  a  olution of  trained and pickled Murtlap tentacle , it  hould help.' Harry placed hi  bleeding, aching hand into the bowl and experienced a wonderful feeling of relief. Crook hank  curled around hi  leg , purring loudly, then leapt into hi  lap and  ettled down. 'Thank ,' he  aid gratefully,  cratching behind Crook hank '  ear  with hi  left hand. 'I  till reckon you  hould complain about thi ,'  aid Ron in a low voice. 'No,'  aid Harry flatly. 'McGonagall would go nut  if  he knew —' 'Yeah,  he probably would,'  aid Harry dully. 'And how long do you reckon it'd take Umbridge to pa  another decree  aying anyone who complain  about the High Inqui itor get   acked immediately?' Ron opened hi  mouth to retort but nothing came out and, after a moment, he clo ed it again, defeated. 'She'  an awful woman,'  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. 'Awful. You know, I wa  ju t  aying to Ron when you came in… we've got to do  omething about her.' 'I  ugge ted poi on,'  aid Ron grimly. 'No… I mean,  omething about what a dreadful teacher  he i , and how we're not going to learn any Defence from her at all,'  aid Hermione. 'Well, what can we do about that?'  aid Ron, yawning. "S too late, i n't it? She'  got the job,  he'  here to  tay. Fudge'll make  ure of that.' 'Well,'  aid Hermione tentatively. 'You know, I wa  thinking today…'  he  hot a  lightly nervou  look at Harry and then plunged on, 'I wa  thinking that - maybe the time'  come when we  hould ju t - ju t do it our elve .' 'Do what our elve ?'  aid Harry  u piciou ly,  till floating hi  hand in the e ence of Murtlap tentacle . 'Well - learn Defence Again t the Dark Art  our elve ,'  aid Hermione. 'Come off it,' groaned Ron. 'You want u  to do extra work? D'you reali e Harry and I are behind on homework again and it'  only the  econd week?' 'But thi  i  much more important than homework!'  aid Hermione. Harry and Ron goggled at her. 'I didn't think there wa  anything in the univer e more important than homework!'  aid Ron. 'Don't be  illy, of cour e there i ,'  aid Hermione, and Harry  aw, with an ominou  feeling, that her face wa   uddenly alight with the kind of fervour that SPEW u ually in pired in her. 'It'  about preparing our elve , like Harry  aid in Umbridge'  fir t le on, for what'  waiting for u  out there. It'  about making  ure we really can defend our elve . If we don't learn anything for a whole year -' 'We can't do much by our elve ,'  aid Ron in a defeated voice. 'I mean, all right, we can go and look jinxe  up in the library and try and practi e them, I  uppo e -' 'No, I agree, we've gone pa t the  tage where we can ju t learn thing  out of book ,'  aid Hermione. 'We need a teacher, a proper one, who can  how u  how to u e the  pell  and correct u  if we're going wrong.' 'If you're talking about Lupin…' Harry began. 'No, no, I'm not talking about Lupin,'  aid Hermione. 'He'  too bu y with the Order and, anyway, the mo t we could  ee him i  during Hog meade weekend  and that'  not nearly often enough.' 'Who, then?'  aid Harry, frowning at her. Hermione heaved a very deep  igh. 'I n't it obviou ?'  he  aid. 'I'm talking about you, Harry.' There wa  a moment'   ilence. A light night breeze rattled the windowpane  behind Ron, and the fire guttered. 'About me what?'  aid Harry. 'I'm talking about you teaching u  Defence Again t the Dark Art .' Harry  tared at her. Then he turned to Ron, ready to exchange the exa perated look  they  ometime   hared when Hermione elaborated on far-fetched  cheme  like SPEW To Harry  con ternation, however, Ron did not look exa perated. He wa  frowning  lightly, apparently thinking. Then he  aid, That'  an idea.' 'What'  an idea?'  aid Harry. 'You,'  aid Ron. Teaching u  to do it.' 'But…' Harry wa  grinning now,  ure the pair of them were pulling hi  leg. 'But I'm not a teacher, I can't -' 'Harry, you're the be t in the year at Defence Again t the Dark Art ,'  aid Hermione. 'Me?'  aid Harry, now grinning more broadly than ever. 'No I'm not, you've beaten me in every te t -' 'Actually, I haven't,'  aid Hermione coolly. 'You beat me in our third year - the only year we both  at the te t and had a teacher who actually knew the  ubject. But I'm not talking about te t re ult , Harry. Think what you've done]' 'How d'you mean?' 'You know what, I'm not  ure I want  omeone thi   tupid teaching me,' Ron  aid to Hermione,  mirking  lightly. He turned to Harry. 'Let'  think,' he  aid, pulling a face like Goyle concentrating. 'Uh… fir t year - you  aved the Philo opher'  Stone from You-Know-Who.' 'But that wa  luck,'  aid Harry, 'it wa n't  kill -' 'Second year,' Ron interrupted, 'you killed the Ba ili k and de troyed Riddle.' 'Yeah, but if Fawke  hadn't turned up, I -' Third year,'  aid Ron, louder  till, 'you fought off about a hundred Dementor  at once -' 'You know that wa  a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadn't -' 'La t year,' Ron  aid, almo t  houting now, 'you fought off You-Know-Who again -' 'Li ten to me!'  aid Harry, almo t angrily, becau e Ron and Hermione were both  mirking now. 'Ju t li ten to me, all right? It  ound  great when you  ay it like that, but all that  tuff wa  luck - I didn't know what I wa  doing half the time, I didn't plan any of it, I ju t did whatever I could think of, and I nearly alway  had help -' Ron and Hermione were  till  mirking and Harry felt hi  temper ri e; he wa n't even  ure why he wa  feeling  o angry. 'Don't  it there grinning like you know better than I do, I wa  there, wa n't 1?' he  aid heatedly. 'I know what went on, all right? And I didn't get through any of that becau e I wa  brilliant at Defence Again t the Dark Art , I got through it all becau e - becau e help came at the right time, or becau e I gue ed right - but I ju t blundered through it all, I didn't have a clue what I wa  doing -STOP LAUGHING!' The bowl of Murtlap e ence fell to the floor and  ma hed. He became aware that he wa  on hi  feet, though he couldn't remember  tanding up. Crook hank   treaked away under a  ofa. Ron and Hermione'   mile  had vani hed. 'You don't know what it'  like! You - neither of you - you've never had to face him, have you? You think it'  ju t memori ing a bunch of  pell  and throwing them at him, like you're in cla  or  omething? The whole time you're  ure you know there'  nothing between you and dying except your own - your own brain or gut  or whatever -like you can think  traight when you know you're about a nano econd from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friend  die -they've never taught u  that in their cla e , what it'  like to deal with thing  like that - and you two  it there acting like I'm a clever little boy to be  tanding here, alive, like Diggory wa   tupid, like he me ed up — you ju t don't get it, that could ju t a  ea ily have been me, it would have been if Voldemort hadn't needed me -' 'We weren't  aying anything like that, mate,'  aid Ron, looking agha t. 'We weren't having a go at Diggory, we didn't - you've got the wrong end of the -' He looked helple ly at Hermione, who e face wa   tricken. 'Harry,'  he  aid timidly, 'don't you  ee? Thi … thi  i  exactly why we need you… we need to know what it'  r-really like… facing him… facing V-Voldemort.' It wa  the fir t time  he had ever  aid Voldemort'  name and it wa  thi , more than anything el e, that calmed Harry. Still breathing hard, he  ank back into hi  chair, becoming aware a  he did  o that hi  hand wa  throbbing horribly again. He wi hed he had not  ma hed the bowl of Murtlap e ence. 'Well… think about it,'  aid Hermione quietly. 'Plea e?' Harry could not think of anything to  ay. He wa  feeling a hamed of hi  outbur t already. He nodded, hardly aware of what he wa  agreeing to. Hermione  tood up. 'Well, I'm off to bed,'  he  aid, in a voice that wa  clearly a  natural a   he could make it. 'Erm… night.' Ron had got to hi  feet, too. 'Coming?' he  aid awkwardly to Harry. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'In… in a minute. I'll ju t clear thi  up.' He indicated the  ma hed bowl on the floor. Ron nodded and left. 'Reparo,' Harry muttered, pointing hi  wand at the broken piece  of china. They flew back together, good a  new, but there wa  no returning the Murtlap e ence to the bowl. He wa   uddenly  o tired he wa  tempted to  ink back into hi  armchair and  leep there, but in tead he forced him elf to hi  feet and followed Ron up tair . Hi  re tle  night wa  punctuated once more by dream  of long corridor  and locked door  and he awoke next day with hi   car prickling again. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 16 - In the Hog’  Head Hermione made no mention of Harry giving Defence Again t the Dark Art  le on  for two whole week  after her original  ugge tion. Harry'  detention  with Umbridge were finally over (he doubted whether the word  now etched into the back of hi  hand would ever fade entirely); Ron had had four more Quidditch practice  and not been  houted at during the la t two; and all three of them had managed to Vani h their mice in Tran figuration (Hermione had actually progre ed to Vani hing kitten ), before the  ubject wa  broached again, on a wild, blu tery evening at the end of September, when the three of them were  itting in the library, looking up potion ingredient  for Snape. 'I wa  wondering,' Hermione  aid  uddenly, 'whether you'd thought any more about Defence Again t the Dark Art , Harry.' 'Cour e I have,'  aid Harry grumpily, 'can't forget it, can we, with that hag teaching u  -' 'I meant the idea Ron and I had -' Ron ca t her an alarmed, threatening kind of look. She frowned at him, '- Oh, all right, the idea I had, then - about you teaching u .' Harry did not an wer at once. He pretended to be peru ing a page of A iatic Anti-Venom , becau e he did not want to  ay what wa  in hi  mind. He had given the matter a great deal of thought over the pa t fortnight. Sometime  it  eemed an in ane idea, ju t a  it had on the night Hermione had propo ed it, but at other , he had found him elf thinking about the  pell  that had  erved him be t in hi  variou  encounter  with Dark creature  and Death Eater  - found him elf, in fact,  ubcon ciou ly planning le on … 'Well,' he  aid  lowly, when he could no longer pretend to find A iatic Anti-Venom  intere ting, 'yeah, I - I've thought about it a bit.' 'And?'  aid Hermione eagerly. 'I dunno,'  aid Harry, playing for time. He looked up at Ron. 'I thought it wa  a good idea from the  tart,'  aid Ron, who  eemed keener to join in thi  conver ation now that he wa   ure Harry wa  not going to  tart  houting again. Harry  hifted uncomfortably in hi  chair. 'You did li ten to what I  aid about a load of it being luck, didn't you?' 'Ye , Harry,'  aid Hermione gently, 'but all the  ame, there'  no point pretending that you're not good at Defence Again t the Dark Art , becau e you are. You were the only per on la t year who could throw off the Imperiu  Cur e completely, you can produce a Patronu , you can do all  ort  of  tuff that full-grown wizard  can't, Viktor alway   aid -' Ron looked round at her  o fa t he appeared to crick hi  neck. Rubbing it, he  aid, 'Yeah? What did Vicky  ay?' 'Ho ho,'  aid Hermione in a bored voice. 'He  aid Harry knew how to do  tuff even he didn't, and he wa  in the final year at Durm trang.' Ron wa  looking at Hermione  u piciou ly. 'You're not  till in contact with him, are you?' 'So what if I am?'  aid Hermione coolly, though her face wa  a little pink. 'I can have a pen-pal if I -' 'He didn't only want to be your pen-pal,'  aid Ron accu ingly. Hermione  hook her head exa peratedly and, ignoring Ron, who wa  continuing to watch her,  aid to Harry, 'Well, what do you think? Will you teach u ?' 'Ju t you and Ron, yeah?' 'Well,'  aid Hermione, looking a mite anxiou  again. 'Well… now, don't fly off the handle again, Harry, plea e… but I really think you ought to teach anyone who want  to learn. I mean, we're talking about defending our elve  again t V-Voldemort. Oh, don't be pathetic, Ron. It doe n't  eem fair if we don't offer the chance to other people.' Harry con idered thi  for a moment, then  aid, 'Yeah, but I doubt anyone except you two would want to be taught by me. I'm a nutter, remember?' 'Well, I think you might be  urpri ed how many people would be intere ted in hearing what you've got to  ay'  aid Hermione  eriou ly. 'Look,'  he leaned toward  him - Ron, who wa   till watching her with a frown on hi  face, leaned forward  to li ten too - 'you know the fir t weekend in October'  a Hog meade weekend? How would it be if we tell anyone who'  intere ted to meet u  in the village and we can talk it over?' 'Why do we have to do it out ide  chool?'  aid Ron. 'Becau e,'  aid Hermione, returning to the diagram of the Chine e Chomping Cabbage  he wa  copying, 'I don't think Umbridge would be very happy if  he found out what we were up to.' * Harry had been looking forward to the weekend trip into Hog meade, but there wa  one thing worrying him. Siriu  had maintained a  tony  ilence  ince he had appeared in the fire at the beginning of September; Harry knew they had made him angry by  aying they didn't want him to come - but he  till worried from time to time that Siriu  might throw caution to the wind  and turn up anyway. What were they going to do if the great black dog came bounding up the  treet toward  them in Hog meade, perhap  under the no e of Draco Malfoy? 'Well, you can't blame him for wanting to get out and about,'  aid Ron, when Harry di cu ed hi  fear  with him and Hermione. 'I mean, he'  been on the run for over two year , ha n't he, and I know that can't have been a laugh, but at lea t he wa  free, wa n't he? And now he'  ju t  hut up all the time with that gha tly elf.' Hermione  cowled at Ron, but otherwi e ignored the  light on Kreacher. The trouble i ,'  he  aid to Harry, 'until V-Voldemort - oh, for heaven'   ake, Ron - come  out into the open, Siriu  i  going to have to  tay hidden, i n't he? I mean, the  tupid Mini try i n't going to reali e Siriu  i  innocent until they accept that Dumbledore'  been telling the truth about him all along. And once the fool   tart catching real Death Eater  again, it'll be obviou  Siriu  i n't one… I mean, he ha n't got the Mark, for one thing.' 'I don't reckon he'd be  tupid enough to turn up,'  aid Ron brac-ingly. 'Dumbledore'd go mad if he did and Siriu  li ten  to Dumbledore even if he doe n't like what he hear .' When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione  aid, 'Li ten, Ron and I have been  ounding out people who we thought might want to learn  ome proper Defence Again t the Dark Art , and there are a couple who  eem intere ted. We've told them to meet u  in Hog meade.' 'Right,'  aid Harry vaguely, hi  mind  till on Siriu . 'Don't worry, Harry' Hermione  aid quietly. 'You've got enough on your plate without Siriu , too.' She wa  quite right, of cour e, he wa  barely keeping up with hi  homework, though he wa  doing much better now that he wa  no longer  pending every evening in detention with Umbridge. Ron wa  even further behind with hi  work than Harry, becau e while they both had Quidditch practice twice a week, Ron al o had hi  prefect dutie . However, Hermione, who wa  taking more  ubject  than either of them, had not only fini hed all her homework but wa  al o finding time to knit more elf clothe . Harry had to admit that  he wa  getting better; it wa  now almo t alway  po ible to di tingui h between the hat  and the  ock . The morning of the Hog meade vi it dawned bright but windy. After breakfa t they queued up in front of Filch, who matched their name  to the long li t of  tudent  who had permi ion from their parent  or guardian to vi it the village. With a  light pang, Harry remembered that if it hadn't been for Siriu , he would not have been going at all. When Harry reached Filch, the caretaker gave a great  niff a  though trying to detect a whiff of  omething from Harry. Then he gave a curt nod that  et hi  jowl  aquiver again and Harry walked on, out on to the  tone  tep  and the cold,  unlit day. 'Er - why wa  Filch  niffing you?' a ked Ron, a  he, Harry and Hermione  et off at a bri k pace down the wide drive to the gate . 'I  uppo e he wa  checking for the  mell of Dungbomb ,'  aid Harry with a  mall laugh. 'I forgot to tell you…' And he recounted the  tory of  ending hi  letter to Siriu  and Filch bur ting in  econd  later, demanding to  ee the letter. To hi   light  urpri e, Hermione found thi   tory highly intere ting, much more, indeed, than he did him elf. 'He  aid he wa  tipped off you were ordering Dungbomb ? But who tipped him off?' 'I dunno,'  aid Harry,  hrugging. 'Maybe Malfoy, he'd think it wa  a laugh.' They walked between the tall  tone pillar  topped with winged boar  and turned left on to the road into the village, the wind whipping their hair into their eye . 'Malfoy?'  aid Hermione,  ceptically. 'Well… ye … maybe…' And  he remained deep in thought all the way into the out kirt  of Hog meade. 'Where are we going, anyway?' Harry a ked. The Three Broom tick ?' 'Oh - no,'  aid Hermione, coming out of her reverie, 'no, it'  alway  packed and really noi y. I've told the other  to meet u  in the Hog'  Head, that other pub, you know the one, it'  not on the main road. I think it'  a bit… you know… dodgy… but  tudent  don't normally go in there,  o I don't think we'll be overheard.' They walked down the main  treet pa t Zonko'  Wizarding Joke Shop, where they were not  urpri ed to  ee Fred, George and Lee Jordan, pa t the po t office, from which owl  i ued at regular interval , and turned up a  ide- treet at the top of which  tood a  mall inn. A battered wooden  ign hung from a ru ty bracket over the door, with a picture on it of a wild boar'   evered head, leaking blood on to the white cloth around it. The  ign creaked in the wind a  they approached. All three of them he itated out ide the door. 'Well, come on,'  aid Hermione,  lightly nervou ly. Harry led the way in ide. It wa  not at all like the Three Broom tick , who e large bar gave an impre ion of gleaming warmth and cleanline . The Hog'  Head bar compri ed one  mall, dingy and very dirty room that  melled  trongly of  omething that might have been goat . The bay window  were  o encru ted with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room, which wa  lit in tead with the  tub  of candle   itting on rough wooden table . The floor  eemed at fir t glance to be compre ed earth, though a  Harry  tepped on to it he reali ed that there wa   tone beneath what  eemed to be the accumulated filth of centurie . Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning thi  pub in hi  fir t year: 'Yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog  Head/ he had  aid, explaining how he had won a dragon'  egg from a hooded  tranger there. At the time Harry had wondered why Hagrid had not found it odd that the  tranger kept hi  face hidden throughout their encounter; now he  aw that keeping your face hidden wa   omething of a fa hion in the Hog'  Head. There wa  a man at the bar who e whole head wa  wrapped in dirty grey bandage , though he wa   till managing to gulp endle  gla e  of  ome  moking, fiery  ub tance through a  lit over hi  mouth; two figure   hrouded in hood   at at a table in one of the window ; Harry might have thought them Dementor  if they had not been talking in  trong York hire accent , and in a  hadowy corner be ide the fireplace  at a witch with a thick, black veil that fell to her toe . They could ju t  ee the tip of her no e becau e it cau ed the veil to protrude  lightly. 'I don't know about thi , Hermione,' Harry muttered, a  they cro ed to the bar. He wa  looking particularly at the heavily veiled witch. 'Ha  it occurred to you Umbridge might be under that?' Hermione ca t an apprai ing eye over the veiled figure. 'Umbridge i   horter than that woman,'  he  aid quietly. 'And anyway, even if Umbridge doe  come in here there'  nothing  he can do to  top u , Harry, becau e I've double- and triple-checked the  chool rule . We're not out of bound ; I  pecifically a ked Profe or Flitwick whether  tudent  were allowed to come in the Hog'  Head, and he  aid ye , but he advi ed me  trongly to bring our own gla e . And I've looked up everything I can think of about  tudy group  and homework group  and they're definitely allowed. I ju t don't think it'  a good idea if we parade what we're doing.' 'No,'  aid Harry drily, 'e pecially a  it'  not exactly a homework group you're planning, i  it?' The barman  idled toward  them out of a back room. He wa  a grumpy-looking old man with a great deal of long grey hair and beard. He wa  tall and thin and looked vaguely familiar to Harry. 'What?' he grunted. Three Butterbeer , plea e,'  aid Hermione. The man reached beneath the counter and pulled up three very du ty, very dirty bottle , which he  lammed on the bar. 'Six Sickle ,' he  aid. Til get them,'  aid Harry quickly, pa ing over the  ilver. The barman'  eye  travelled over Harry, re ting for a fraction of a  econd on hi   car. Then he turned away and depo ited Harry'  money in an ancient wooden till who e drawer  lid open automatically to receive it. Harry, Ron and Hermione retreated to the furthe t table from the bar and  at down, looking around. The man in the dirty grey bandage  rapped the counter with hi  knuckle  and received another  moking drink from the barman. 'You know what?' Ron murmured, looking over at the bar with enthu ia m. 'We could order anything we liked in here. I bet that bloke would  ell u  anything, he wouldn't care. I've alway  wanted to try Firewhi ky -' 'You - are - a - prefect,'  narled Hermione. 'Oh,'  aid Ron, the  mile fading from hi  face. 'Yeah…' 'So, who did you  ay i   uppo ed to be meeting u ?' Harry a ked, wrenching open the ru ty top of hi  Butterbeer and taking a  wig. 'Ju t a couple of people,' Hermione repeated, checking her watch and looking anxiou ly toward  the door. 'I told them to be here about now and I'm  ure they all know where it i  - oh, look, thi  might be them now.' The door of the pub had opened. A thick band of du ty  unlight  plit the room in two for a moment and then vani hed, blocked by the incoming ru h of a crowd of people. Fir t came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were clo ely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with (Harry'   tomach did a back-flip) Cho and one of her u ually-giggling girlfriend , then (on her own and looking  o dreamy  he might have walked in by accident) Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina John on, Colin and Denni  Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Ju tin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back who e name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boy  he wa  pretty  ure were called Anthony Gold tein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot, Ginny, clo ely followed by a tall  kinny blond boy with an upturned no e whom Harry recogni ed vaguely a  being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Wea ley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bag  crammed with Zonko'  merchandi e. 'A couple of people?'  aid Harry hoar ely to Hermione. 'A couple of people?' 'Ye , well, the idea  eemed quite popular,'  aid Hermione happily 'Ron, do you want to pull up  ome more chair ?' The barman had frozen in the act of wiping out a gla  with a rag  o filthy it looked a  though it had never been wa hed. Po ibly, he had never  een hi  pub  o full. 'Hi,'  aid Fred, reaching the bar fir t and counting hi  companion  quickly, 'could we have… twenty-five Butterbeer , plea e?' The barman glared at him for a moment, then, throwing down hi  rag irritably a  though he had been interrupted in  omething very important, he  tarted pa ing up du ty Butterbeer  from under the bar. 'Cheer ,'  aid Fred, handing them out. 'Cough up, everyone, I haven't got enough gold for all of the e…' Harry watched numbly a  the large chattering group took their beer  from Fred and rummaged in their robe  to find coin . He could not imagine what all the e people had turned up for until the horrible thought occurred to him that they might be expecting  ome kind of  peech, at which he rounded on Hermione. 'What have you been telling people?' he  aid in a low voice. 'What are they expecting?' 'I've told you, they ju t want to hear what you've got to  ay,'  aid Hermione  oothingly; but Harry continued to look at her  o furiou ly that  he added quickly, 'you don't have to do anything yet, I'll  peak to them fir t.' 'Hi, Harry,'  aid Neville, beaming and taking a  eat oppo ite him. Harry tried to  mile back, but did not  peak; hi  mouth wa  exceptionally dry. Cho had ju t  miled at him and  at down on Ron'  right. Her friend, who had curly reddi h-blonde hair, did not  mile, but gave Harry a thoroughly mi tru tful look which plainly told him that, given her way,  he would not be here at all. In two  and three  the new arrival   ettled around Harry, Ron and Hermione,  ome looking rather excited, other  curiou , Luna Lovegood gazing dreamily into  pace. When everybody had pulled up a chair, the chatter died out. Every eye wa  upon Harry. 'Er,'  aid Hermione, her voice  lightly higher than u ual out of nerve . 'Well - er - hi.' The group focu ed it  attention on her in tead, though eye  continued to dart back regularly to Harry. 'Well… erm… well, you know why you're here. Erm… well, Harry here had the idea - I mean' (Harry had thrown her a  harp look) 'I had the idea - that it might be good if people who wanted to  tudy Defence Again t the Dark Art  - and I mean, really  tudy it, you know, not the rubbi h that Umbridge i  doing with u  -' (Hermione'  voice became  uddenly much  tronger and more confident) '- becau e nobody could call that Defence Again t the Dark Art  -' ('Hear, hear,'  aid Anthony Gold tein, and Hermione looked heartened) '- Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matter  into our own hand .' She pau ed, looked  ideway  at Harry, and went on, 'And by that I mean learning how to defend our elve  properly, not ju t in theory but doing the real  pell  -' 'You want to pa  your Defence Again t the Dark Art  OWL too, though, I bet?'  aid Michael Corner, who wa  watching her clo ely. 'Of cour e I do,'  aid Hermione at once. 'But more than that, I want to be properly trained in defence becau e… becau e…"  he took a great breath and fini hed, 'becau e Lord Voldemort i  back.' The reaction wa  immediate and predictable. Cho'  friend  hrieked and  lopped Butterbeer down her elf; Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twitch; Padma Patil  huddered, and Neville gave an odd yelp that he managed to turn into a cough. All of them, however, looked fixedly, even eagerly, at Harry. 'Well… that'  the plan, anyway'  aid Hermione. 'If you want to join u , we need to decide how we're going to -' 'Where'  the proof You-Know-Who'  back?'  aid the blond Hufflepuff player in a rather aggre ive voice. 'Well, Dumbledore believe  it -' Hermione began. 'You mean, Dumbledore believe  him,'  aid the blond boy, nodding at Harry. 'Who are you?'  aid Ron, rather rudely. 'Zacharia  Smith,'  aid the boy, 'and I think we've got the right to know exactly what make  him  ay You-Know-Who'  back.' 'Look,'  aid Hermione, intervening  wiftly, 'that'  really not what thi  meeting wa   uppo ed to be about -' 'It'  OK, Hermione,'  aid Harry. It had ju t dawned on him why there were  o many people there. He thought Hermione  hould have  een thi  coming. Some of the e people - maybe even mo t of them - had turned up in the hope  of hearing Harry'   tory fir thand. 'What make  me  ay You-Know-Who'  back?' he repeated, looking Zacharia   traight in the face. 'I  aw him. But Dumbledore told the whole  chool what happened la t year, and if you didn't believe him, you won't believe me, and I'm not wa ting an afternoon trying to convince anyone.' The whole group  eemed to have held it  breath while Harry  poke. Harry had the impre ion that even the barman wa  li tening. He wa  wiping the  ame gla  with the filthy rag, making it  teadily dirtier. Zacharia   aid di mi ively, 'All Dumbledore told u  la t year wa  that Cedric Diggory got killed by You-Know-Who and that you brought Diggory'  body back to Hogwart . He didn't give u  detail , he didn't tell u  exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think we'd all like to know -' 'If you've come to hear exactly what it look  like when Voldemort murder   omeone I can't help you,' Harry  aid. Hi  temper, alway   o clo e to the  urface the e day , wa  ri ing again. He did not take hi  eye  from Zacharia  Smith'  aggre ive face, and wa  determined not to look at Cho. 'I don't want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if that'  what you're here for, you might a  well clear out.' He ca t an angry look in Hermione'  direction. Thi  wa , he felt, all her fault;  he had decided to di play him like  ome  ort of freak and of cour e they had all turned up to  ee ju t how wild hi   tory wa . But none of them left their  eat , not even Zacharia  Smith, though he continued to gaze intently at Harry. 'So,'  aid Hermione, her voice very high-pitched again. 'So… like I wa   aying… if you want to learn  ome defence, then we need to work out how we're going to do it, how often we're going to meet and where we're going to -' 'I  it true,' interrupted the girl with the long plait down her back, looking at Harry, 'that you can produce a Patronu ?' There wa  a murmur of intere t around the group at thi . 'Yeah,'  aid Harry  lightly defen ively. 'A corporeal Patronu ?' The phra e  tirred  omething in Harry'  memory. 'Er - you don't know Madam Bone , do you?' he a ked. The girl  miled. 'She'  my auntie,'  he  aid. 'I'm Su an Bone . She told me about your hearing. So - i  it really true? You make a  tag Patronu ?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. 'Blimey, Harry!'  aid Lee, looking deeply impre ed. 'I never knew that!' 'Mum told Ron not to  pread it around,'  aid Fred, grinning at Harry. 'She  aid you got enough attention a  it wa .' 'She'  not wrong,' mumbled Harry, and a couple of people laughed. The veiled witch  itting alone  hifted very  lightly in her  eat. 'And did you kill a Ba ili k with that  word in Dumbledore'  office?' demanded Terry Boot. That'  what one of the portrait  on the wall told me when I wa  in there la t year…' 'Er - yeah, I did, yeah,'  aid Harry. Ju tin Finch-Fletchley whi tled; the Creevey brother  exchanged awe truck look  and Lavender Brown  aid 'Wow!'  oftly. Harry wa  feeling  lightly hot around the collar now; he wa  determinedly looking anywhere but at Cho. 'And in our fir t year,'  aid Neville to the group at large, 'he  aved that Philological Stone -' 'Philo opher' ,' hi ed Hermione. 'Ye , that - from You-Know-Who,' fini hed Neville. Hannah Abbott'  eye  were a  round a  Galleon . 'And that'  not to mention,'  aid Cho (Harry'  eye   napped acro  to her;  he wa  looking at him,  miling; hi   tomach did another  omer ault) 'all the ta k  he had to get through in the Triwizard Tournament la t year - getting pa t dragon  and merpeople and Acromantula and thing …' There wa  a murmur of impre ed agreement around the table. Harry'  in ide  were  quirming. He wa  trying to arrange hi  face  o that he did not look too plea ed with him elf. The fact that Cho had ju t prai ed him made it much, much harder for him to  ay the thing he had  worn to him elf he would tell them. 'Look,' he  aid, and everyone fell  ilent at once, '1… I don't want to  ound like I'm trying to be mode t or anything, but… I had a lot of help with all that  tuff…' 'Not with the dragon, you didn't,'  aid Michael Corner at once. That wa  a  eriou ly cool bit of flying…' 'Yeah, well -'  aid Harry, feeling it would be churli h to di agree. 'And nobody helped you get rid of tho e Dementor  thi   ummer,'  aid Su an Bone . 'No,'  aid Harry, 'no, OK, I know I did bit  of it without help, but the point I'm trying to make i  -' 'Are you trying to wea el out of  howing u  any of thi   tuff?'  aid Zacharia  Smith. 'Here'  an idea,'  aid Ron loudly, before Harry could  peak, 'why don't you  hut your mouth?' Perhap  the word 'wea el' had affected Ron particularly  trongly. In any ca e, he wa  now looking at Zacharia  a  though he would like nothing better than to thump him. Zacharia  flu hed. 'Well, we've all turned up to learn from him and now he'  telling u  he can't really do any of it,' he  aid. 'That'  not what he  aid, ' narled Fred. 'Would you like u  to clean out your ear  for you?' enquired George, pulling a long and lethal-looking metal in trument from in ide one of the Zonko'  bag . 'Or any part of your body, really, we're not fu y where we  tick thi ,'  aid Fred. 'Ye , well,'  aid Hermione ha tily, 'moving on… the point i , are we agreed we want to take le on  from Harry?' There wa  a murmur of general agreement. Zacharia  folded hi  arm  and  aid nothing, though perhap  thi  wa  becau e he wa  too bu y keeping an eye on the in trument in Fred'  hand. 'Right,'  aid Hermione, looking relieved that  omething had at la t been  ettled. 'Well, then, the next que tion i  how often we do it. I really don't think there'  any point in meeting le  than once a week -' 'Hang on,'  aid Angelina, 'we need to make  ure thi  doe n't cla h with our Quidditch practice.' 'No,'  aid Cho, 'nor with our .' 'Nor our ,' added Zacharia  Smith. 'I'm  ure we can find a night that  uit  everyone,'  aid Hermione,  lightly impatiently, 'but you know, thi  i  rather important, we're talking about learning to defend our elve  again t V-Voldemort'  Death Eater  -' 'Well  aid!' barked Ernie Macmillan, who Harry had been expecting to  peak long before thi . 'Per onally I think thi  i  really important, po ibly more important than anything el e we'll do thi  year, even with our OWL  coming up!' He looked around impre ively, a  though waiting for people to cry 'Surely not!' When nobody  poke, he went on, 'I, per onally am at a lo  to  ee why the Mini try ha  foi ted  uch a u ele  teacher on u  at thi  critical period. Obviou ly, they are in denial about the return of You-Know-Who, but to give u  a teacher who i  trying to actively prevent u  from u ing defen ive  pell  -' 'We think the rea on Umbridge doe n't want u  trained in Defence Again t the Dark Art ,'  aid Hermione, 'i  that  he'  got  ome…  ome mad idea that Dumbledore could u e the  tudent  in the  chool a  a kind of private army. She think  he'd mobili e u  again t the Mini try.' Nearly everybody looked  tunned at thi  new ; everybody except Luna Lovegood, who piped up, 'Well, that make   en e. After all, Corneliu  Fudge ha  got hi  own private army' 'What?'  aid Harry, completely thrown by thi  unexpected piece of information. 'Ye , he'  got an army of Heliopath ,'  aid Luna  olemnly. 'No, he ha n't,'  napped Hermione. 'Ye , he ha ,'  aid Luna. 'What are Heliopath ?' a ked Neville, looking blank. They're  pirit  of fire,'  aid Luna, her protuberant eye  widening  o that  he looked madder than ever, 'great tall flaming creature  that gallop acro  the ground burning everything in front of -' They don't exi t, Neville,'  aid Hermione tartly. 'Oh, ye , they do!'  aid Luna angrily. 'I'm  orry, but where'  the proof of that?'  napped Hermione. There are plenty of eye-witne  account . Ju t becau e you're  o narrow-minded you need to have everything  hoved under your no e before you -' 'Hem, hem,'  aid Ginny, in  uch a good imitation of Profe or Umbridge that  everal people looked around in alarm and then laughed. 'Weren't we trying to decide how often we're going to meet and have defence le on ?' 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione at once, 'ye , we were, you're right, Ginny.' Well, once a week  ound  cool,'  aid Lee Jordan. 'A  long a  -' began Angelina. 'Ye , ye , we know about the Quidditch,'  aid Hermione in a ten e voice. Well, the other thing to decide i  where we're going to meet…' Thi  wa  rather more difficult; the whole group fell  ilent. 'Library?'  ugge ted Katie Bell after a few moment . '1 can't  ee Madam Pince being too chuffed with u  doing jinxe  in the library,'  aid Harry. 'Maybe an unu ed cla room?'  aid Dean. 'Yeah,'  aid Ron, 'McGonagall might let u  have her ,  he did when Harry wa  practi ing for the Triwizard.' But Harry wa  pretty certain that McGonagall would not be  o accommodating thi  time. For all that Hermione had  aid about  tudy and homework group  being allowed, he had the di tinct feeling that thi  one might be con idered a lot more rebelliou . 'Right, well, we'll try to find  omewhere,'  aid Hermione. 'We'll  end a me age round to everybody when we've got a time and a place for the fir t meeting.' She rummaged in her bag and produced parchment and a quill, then he itated, rather a  though  he wa   teeling her elf to  ay  omething. 'I - I think everybody  hould write their name down, ju t  o we know who wa  here. But I al o think,'  he took a deep breath, 'that we all ought to agree not to  hout about what we're doing. So if you  ign, you're agreeing not to tell Umbridge or anybody el e what we're up to.' Fred reached out for the parchment and cheerfully wrote hi   ignature, but Harry noticed at once that  everal people looked le  than happy at the pro pect of putting their name  on the li t. 'Er…'  aid Zacharia   lowly, not taking the parchment that George wa  trying to pa  to him, 'well… I'm  ure Ernie will tell me when the meeting i .' But Ernie wa  looking rather he itant about  igning, too. Hermione rai ed her eyebrow  at him. 'I - well, we are prefect ,' Ernie bur t out. 'And if thi  li t wa  found… well, I mean to  ay… you  aid your elf, if Umbridge find  out -' 'You ju t  aid thi  group wa  the mo t important thing you'd do thi  year,' Harry reminded him. 'I - ye ,'  aid Ernie, 'ye , I do believe that, it'  ju t -' 'Ernie, do you really think I'd leave that li t lying around?'  aid Hermione te tily. 'No. No, of cour e not,'  aid Ernie, looking  lightly le  anxiou . 'I - ye , of cour e I'll  ign.' Nobody rai ed objection  after Ernie, though Harry  aw Cho'  friend give her a rather reproachful look before adding her own name. When the la t per cfri - Zacharia  - had  igned, Hermione took the parchment back and  lipped it carefully into her bag. There wa  an odd feeling in the group now. It wa  a  though they had ju t  igned  ome kind of contract. 'Well, time'  ticking on,'  aid Fred bri kly, getting to hi  feet. 'George, Lee and I have got item  of a  en itive nature to purcha e, we'll be  eeing you all later.' In two  and three  the re t of the group took their leave, too. Cho made rather a bu ine  of fa tening the catch on her bag before leaving, her long dark curtain of hair  winging forward  to hide her face, but her friend  tood be ide her, arm  folded, clicking her tongue,  o that Cho had little choice but to leave with her. A  her friend u hered her through the door, Cho looked back and waved at Harry. 'Well, I think that went quite well,'  aid Hermione happily, a   he, Harry and Ron walked out of the Hog'  Head into the bright  unlight a few moment  later. Harry and Ron were clutching their bottle  of Butterbeer. That Zacharia  bloke'  a wart,'  aid Ron, who wa  glowering after the figure of Smith, ju t di cernible in the di tance. 'I don't like him much, either,' admitted Hermione, 'but he overheard me talking to Ernie and Hannah at the Hufflepuff table and he  eemed really intere ted in coming,  o what could I  ay? But the more people the better really - I mean, Michael Corner and hi  friend  wouldn't have come if he hadn't been going out with Ginny -' Ron, who had been draining the la t few drop  from hi  Butterbeer bottle, gagged and  prayed Butterbeer down hi  front. 'He'  WHAT?'  pluttered Ron, outraged, hi  ear  now re embling curl  of raw beef. 'She'  going out with - my  i ter'  going - what d'you mean, Michael Corner?' 'Well, that'  why he and hi  friend  came, I think - well, they're obviou ly intere ted in learning defence, but if Ginny hadn't told Michael what wa  going on -' When did thi  - when did  he -?' They met at the Yule Ball and got together at the end of la t year,'  aid Hermione compo edly. They had turned into the High Street and  he pau ed out ide Scriven haft'  Quill Shop, where there wa  a hand ome di play of phea ant feather quill  in the window. 'Hmm… I could do with a new quill.' She turned into the  hop. Harry and Ron followed her. Which one wa  Michael Corner?' Ron demanded furiou ly. The dark one,'  aid Hermione. 'I didn't like him,'  aid Ron at once. 'Big  urpri e,'  aid Hermione under her breath. 'But,'  aid Ron, following Hermione along a row of quill  in copper pot , '1 thought Ginny fancied Harry!' Hermione looked at him rather pityingly and  hook her head. 'Ginny u ed to fancy Harry, but  he gave up on him month  ago. Not that  he doe n't like you, of cour e,'  he added kindly to Harry while  he examined a long black and gold quill. Harry, who e head wa   till full of Cho'  parting wave, did not find thi   ubject quite a  intere ting a  Ron, who wa  po itively quivering with indignation, but it did bring  omething home to him that until now he had not really regi tered. 'So that'  why  he talk  now?' he a ked Hermione. 'She never u ed to talk in front of me.' 'Exactly,'  aid Hermione. 'Ye , I think I'll have thi  one…' She went up to the counter and handed over fifteen Sickle  and two Knut , with Ron  till breathing down her neck. 'Ron,'  he  aid  everely a   he turned and trod on hi  feet, 'thi  i  exactly why Ginny ha n't told you  he'   eeing Michael,  he knew you'd take it badly. So don't harp on about it, for heaven'   ake.' 'What d'you mean? Who'  taking anything badly? I'm not going to harp on about anything…' Ron continued to chunter under hi  breath all the way down the  treet. Hermione rolled her eye  at Harry and then  aid in an undertone, while Ron wa   till muttering imprecation  about Michael Corner, 'And talking about Michael and Ginny… what about Cho and you?' 'What d'you mean?'  aid Harry quickly. It wa  a  though boiling water wa  ri ing rapidly in ide him; a burning  en ation that wa  cau ing hi  face to  mart in the cold -had he been that obviou ? 'Well,'  aid Hermione,  miling  lightly, ' he ju t couldn't keep her eye  off you, could  he?' Harry had never before appreciated ju t how beautiful the village of Hog meade wa . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 17 - Educational Decree Number Twenty-four Harry felt happier for the re t of the weekend than he had done all term. He and Ron  pent much of Sunday catching up with all their homework again, and although thi  could hardly be called fun, the la t bur t of autumn  un hine per i ted,  o rather than  itting hunched over table  in the common room they took their work out ide and lounged in the  hade of a large beech tree on the edge of the lake. Hermione, who of cour e wa  up to date with all her work, brought more wool out ide with her and bewitched her knitting needle   o that they fla hed and clicked in midair be ide her, producing more hat  and  carve . Knowing they were doing  omething to re i t Umbridge and the Mini try, and that he wa  a key part of the rebellion, gave Harry a feeling of immen e  ati faction. He kept reliving Saturday  meeting in hi  mind: all tho e people, coming to him to learn Defence Again t the Dark Art … and the look  on their face  a  they had heard  ome of the thing  he had done… and Cho prai ing hi  performance in the Triwizard Tournament - knowing all tho e people did not think him a lying weirdo, but  omeone to be admired, buoyed him up  o much that he wa   till cheerful on Monday morning, de pite the imminent pro pect of all hi  lea t favourite cla e . He and Ron headed down tair  from their dormitory, di cu ing Angelina  idea that they were to work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during that night'  Quidditch practice, and not until they were halfway acro  the  unlit common room did they notice the addition to the room that had already attracted the attention of a  mall group of people. A large  ign had been affixed to the Gryffindor noticeboard;  o large it covered everything el e on it - the li t  of  econdhand  pellbook  for  ale, the regular reminder  of  chool rule  from Argu  Filch, the Quidditch team training timetable, the offer  to barter certain Chocolate Frog Card  for other , the Wea ley ' late t adverti ement for te ter , the date  of the Hog meade weekend  and the lo t and found notice . The new  ign wa  printed in large black letter  and there wa  a highly official-looking  eal at the bottom be ide a neat and curly  ignature. BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS All  tudent organi ation ,  ocietie , team , group  and dub  are henceforth di banded. An organi ation,  ociety, team, group or club i  hereby defined a  a regular meeting of three or more  tudent . Permi ion to re-form may be  ought from the High Inqui itor (Profe or Umbridge). No  tudent organi ation,  ociety, team, group or club may exi t without the knowledge and approval of the High Inqui itor. Any  tudent found to have formed, or to belong to, an organi a-tion,  ociety, team, group or club that ha  not been approved by the High Inqui itor will be expelled. The above i  in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. Signed: Dolore  Jane Umbridge, High Inqui itor Harry and Ron read the notice over the head  of  ome anxiou -looking  econd-year . 'Doe  thi  mean they're going to  hut down the Gob tone  Club?' one of them a ked hi  friend. 'I reckon you'll be OK with Gob tone ,' Ron  aid darkly, making the  econd-year jump. 'I don't think we're going to be a  lucky, though, do you?' he a ked Harry a  the  econd-year  hurried away. Harry wa  reading the notice through again. The happine  that had filled him  ince Saturday wa  gone. Hi  in ide  were pul ing with rage. Thi  i n't a coincidence,' he  aid, hi  hand  forming fi t . 'She know .' 'She can't,'  aid Ron at once. There were people li tening in that pub. And let'  face it, we don't know how many of the people who turned up we can tru t… any of them could have run off and told Umbridge…' And he had thought they believed him, thought they even admired him… 'Zacharia  Smith!'  aid Ron at once, punching a fi t into hi  hand. 'Or - I thought that Michael Corner had a really  hifty look, too -' 'I wonder if Hermione'   een thi  yet?' Harry  aid, looking round at the door to the girl ' dormitorie . 'Let'  go and tell her,'  aid Ron. He bounded forward , pulled open the door and  et off up the  piral  tairca e. He wa  on the  ixth  tair when there wa  a loud, wailing, klaxon-like  ound and the  tep  melted together to make a long,  mooth  tone  lide like a helter- kelter. There wa  a brief moment when Ron tried to keep running, arm  working madly like windmill , then he toppled over backward  and  hot down the newly created  lide, coming to re t on hi  back at Harry'  feet. 'Er - I don't think we're allowed in the girl ' dormitorie ,'  aid Harry, pulling Ron to hi  feet and trying not to laugh. Two fourth-year girl  came zooming gleefully down the  tone  lide. 'Oooh, who tried to get up tair ?' they giggled happily, leaping to their feet and ogling Harry and Ron. 'Me,'  aid Ron, who wa   till rather di hevelled. 'I didn't reali e that would happen. It'  not fair!' he added to Harry, a  the girl  headed off for the portrait hole,  till giggling madly. 'Hermione'  allowed in our dormitory, how come we're not allowed -?' 'Well, it'  an old-fa hioned rule,'  aid Hermione, who had ju t  lid neatly on to a rug in front of them and wa  now getting to her feet, 'but it  ay  in Hogwart : A Hi tory, that the founder  thought boy  were le  tru tworthy than girl . Anyway, why were you trying to get in there?' 'To  ee you - look at thi !'  aid Ron, dragging her over to the noticeboard. Hermione'  eye   lid rapidly down the notice. Her expre ion became  tony. 'Someone mu t have blabbed to her!' Ron  aid angrily. They can't have done,'  aid Hermione in a low voice. 'You're  o naive,'  aid Ron, 'you think ju t becau e you're all honourable and tru tworthy -' 'No, they can't have done, becau e I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all  igned,'  aid Hermione grimly. 'Believe me, if anyone'  run off and told Umbridge, we'll know exactly who they are and they will really regret it.' 'What'll happen to them?'  aid Ron eagerly. 'Well, put it thi  way'  aid Hermione, 'it'll make Eloi e Midgeon'  acne look like a couple of cute freckle . Come on, let'  get down to breakfa t and  ee what the other  think… I wonder whether thi  ha  been put up in all the hou e ?' It wa  immediately apparent on entering the Great Hall that Umbridge'   ign had not only appeared in Gryffindor Tower. There wa  a peculiar inten ity about the chatter and an extra mea ure of movement in the Hall a  people  curried up and down their table  conferring on what they had read. Harry, Ron and Hermione had barely taken their  eat  when Neville, Dean, Fred, George and Ginny de cended upon them. 'Did you  ee it?' 'D'you reckon  he know ?' 'What are we going to do?' They were all looking at Harry. He glanced around to make  ure there were no teacher  near them. 'We're going to do it anyway of cour e,' he  aid quietly. 'Knew you'd  ay that,'  aid George, beaming and thumping Harry on the arm. The prefect  a  well?'  aid Fred, looking quizzically at Ron and Hermione. 'Of cour e,'  aid Hermione coolly. 'Here come Ernie and Hannah Abbott,'  aid Ron, looking over hi   houlder. 'And tho e Ravenclaw bloke  and Smith… and no one look  very  potty.' Hermione looked alarmed. 'Never mind  pot , the idiot  can't come over here now, it'll look really  u piciou  -  it down!'  he mouthed to Ernie and Hannah, ge turing frantically to them to rejoin the Hufflepuff table. 'Later! We'll - talk - to - you - later!' Til tell Michael,'  aid Ginny impatiently,  winging her elf off her bench, 'the fool, hone tly…' She hurried off toward  the Ravenclaw table; Harry watched her go. Cho wa   itting not far away, talking to the curly-haired friend  he had brought along to the Hog'  Head. Would Umbridge'  notice  care her off meeting them again? But the full repercu ion  of the  ign were not felt until they were leaving the Great Hall for Hi tory of Magic. 'Harry! Ron/' It wa  Angelina and  he wa  hurrying toward  them looking perfectly de perate. 'It'  OK,'  aid Harry quietly, when  he wa  near enough to hear him. 'We're  till going to -' 'You reali e  he'  including Quidditch in thi ?' Angelina  aid over him. 'We have to go and a k permi ion to re-form the Gryffindor team!' 'What?'  aid Harry. 'No way,'  aid Ron, appalled. 'You read the  ign, it mention  team  too! So li ten, Harry… I am  aying thi  for the la t time… plea e, plea e don't lo e your temper with Umbridge again or  he might not let u  play any more!' 'OK, OK,'  aid Harry, for Angelina looked a  though  he wa  on the verge of tear . 'Don't worry, I'll behave my elf…' 'Bet Umbridge i  in Hi tory of Magic,'  aid Ron grimly, a  they  et off for Binn '  le on. 'She ha n't in pected Binn  yet… bet you anything  he'  there…' But he wa  wrong; the only teacher pre ent when they entered wa  Profe or Binn , floating an inch or  o above hi  chair a  u ual and preparing to continue hi  monotonou  drone on giant war . Harry did not even attempt to follow what he wa   aying today; he doodled idly on hi  parchment ignoring Hermione  frequent glare  and nudge , until a particularly painful poke in the rib  made him look up angrily. 'What?' She pointed at the window. Harry looked round. Hedwig wa  perched on the narrow window ledge, gazing through the thick gla  at him, a letter tied to her leg. Harry could not under tand it; they had ju t had breakfa t, why on earth hadn't  he delivered the letter then, a  u ual? Many of hi  cla mate  were pointing out Hedwig to each other, too. 'Oh, I've alway  loved that owl,  he'   o beautiful,' Harry heard Lavender  igh to Parvati. He glanced round at Profe or Binn  who continued to read hi  note ,  erenely unaware that the cla '  attention wa  even le  focu ed upon him than u ual. Harry  lipped quietly off hi  chair, crouched down and hurried along the row to the window, where he  lid the catch and opened it very  lowly. He had expected Hedwig to hold out her leg  o that he could remove the letter and then fly off to the Owlery but the moment the window wa  open wide enough  he hopped in ide, hooting dolefully. He clo ed the window with an anxiou  glance at Profe or Binn , crouched low again and  ped back to hi   eat with Hedwig on hi   houlder. He regained hi   eat, tran ferred Hedwig to hi  lap and made to remove the letter tied to her leg. Only then did he reali e that Hedwig'  feather  were oddly ruffled;  ome were bent the wrong way, and  he wa  holding one of her wing  at an odd angle. 'She'  hurt!' Harry whi pered, bending hi  head low over her. Hermione and Ron leaned in clo er; Hermione even put down her quill. 'Look - there'   omething wrong with her wing -' Hedwig wa  quivering; when Harry made to touch the wing  he gave a little jump, all her feather  on end a  though  he wa  inflating her elf, and gazed at him reproachfully. 'Profe or Binn ,'  aid Harry loudly, and everyone in the cla  turned to look at him. 'I'm not feeling well.' Profe or Binn  rai ed hi  eye  from hi  note , looking amazed, a  alway , to find the room in front of him full of people. 'Not feeling well?' he repeated hazily. 'Not at all well,'  aid Harry firmly getting to hi  feet with Hedwig concealed behind hi  back. '1 think I need to go to the ho pital wing.' 'Ye ,'  aid Profe or Binn , clearly very much wrong-footed. 'Ye … ye , ho pital wing… well, off you go, then, Perkin …' Once out ide the room, Harry returned Hedwig to hi   houlder and hurried off up the corridor, pau ing to think only when he wa  out of  ight of Binn '  door. Hi  fir t choice of  omebody to cure Hedwig would have been Hagrid, of cour e, but a  he had no idea where Hagrid wa  hi  only remaining option wa  to find Profe or Grubbly-Plank and hope  he would help. He peered out of a window at the blu tery, overca t ground . There wa  no  ign of her anywhere near Hagrid'  cabin; if  he wa  not teaching,  he wa  probably in the  taff room. He  et off down tair , Hedwig hooting feebly a   he  wayed on hi   houlder. Two  tone gargoyle  flanked the  taff-room door. A  Harry approached, one of them croaked, 'You  hould be in cla , Sonny Jim.' Thi  i  urgent,'  aid Harry curtly. 'Ooooh, urgent, i  it?'  aid the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice. 'Well, that'  put u  in our place, ha n't it?' Harry knocked. He heard foot tep , then the door opened and he found him elf face to face with Profe or McGonagall. 'You haven't been given another detention!'  he  aid at once, her  quare  pectacle  fla hing alarmingly. 'No, Profe or!'  aid Harry ha tily. 'Well then, why are you out of cla ?' 'It'  urgent, apparently,'  aid the  econd gargoyle  nidery. 'I'm looking for Profe or Grubbly-Plank,' Harry explained. 'It'  my owl,  he'  injured.' 'Injured owl, did you  ay?' Profe or Grubbly-Plank appeared at Profe or McGonagall'   houlder,  moking a pipe and holding a copy of the Daily Prophet. 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off hi   houlder, ' he turned up after the other po t owl  and her wing'  all funny, look -' Profe or Grubbly-Plank  tuck her pipe firmly between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while Profe or McGonagall watched. 'Hmm,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank, her pipe waggling  lightly a   he talked. 'Look  like  omething'  attacked her. Can't think what would have done it, though. The tral  will  ometime  go for bird , of cour e, but Hagrid'  got the Hogwart  The tral  well-trained not to touch owl .' Harry neither knew nor cared what The tral  were; he ju t wanted to know that Hedwig wa  going to be all right. Profe or McGonagall, however, looked  harply at Harry and  aid, 'Do you know how far thi  owl'  travelled, Potter?' 'Er,'  aid Harry. 'From London, I think.' He met her eye  briefly and knew, by the way her eyebrow  had joined in the middle, that  he under tood 'London' to mean 'number twelve, Grimmauld Place'. Profe or Grubbly-Plank pulled a monocle out of the in ide of her robe  and  crewed it into her eye, to examine Hedwig'  wing clo ely. 'I  hould be able to  ort thi  out if you leave her with me, Potter,'  he  aid, ' he  houldn't be flying long di tance  for a few day , in any ca e.' 'Er - right - thank ,'  aid Harry, ju t a  the bell rang for break. 'No problem,'  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank gruffly, turning back into the  taff room. 'Ju t a moment, Wilhelmina!'  aid Profe or McGonagall. 'Potter  letter!' 'Oh yeah!'  aid Harry, who had momentarily forgotten the  croll tied to Hedwig'  leg. Profe or Grubbly-Plank handed it over and then di appeared into the  taff room carrying Hedwig, who wa   taring at Harry a  though unable to believe he would give her away like thi . Feeling  lightly guilty, he turned to go, but Profe or McGonagall called him back. 'Potter!' 'Ye , Profe or?' She glanced up and down the corridor; there were  tudent  coming from both direction . 'Bear in mind,'  he  aid quickly and quietly, her eye  on the  croll in hi  hand, 'that channel  of communication in and out of Hogwart  may be being watched, won't you?' 'I -'  aid Harry, but the flood of  tudent  rolling along the corridor wa  almo t upon him. Profe or McGonagall gave him a curt nod and retreated into the  taff room, leaving Harry to be  wept out into the courtyard with the crowd. He  potted Ron and Hermione already  tanding in a  heltered corner, their cloak collar  turned up again t the wind. Harry  lit open the  croll a  he hurried toward  them and found five word  in Siriu '  handwriting: Today,  ame time,  ame place. 'I  Hedwig OK?' a ked Hermione anxiou ly, the moment he wa  within ear hot. 'Where did you take her?' a ked Ron. To Grubbly-Plank,'  aid Harry. 'And I met McGonagall… li ten…" And he told them what Profe or McGonagall had  aid. To hi   urpri e, neither of the other  looked  hocked. On the contrary, they exchanged  ignificant look . 'What?'  aid Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione and back again. Well, I wa  ju t  aying to Ron… what if  omeone had tried to intercept Hedwig? I mean,  he'  never been hurt on a flight before, ha   he?' 'Who'  the letter from, anyway?' a ked Ron, taking the note from Harry. 'Snuffle ,'  aid Harry quietly. '“Same time,  ame place?” Doe  he mean the fire in the common room?' 'Obviou ly,'  aid Hermione, al o reading the note. She looked unea y. 'I ju t hope nobody el e ha  read thi …' 'But it wa   till  ealed and everything,'  aid Harry, trying to convince him elf a  much a  her. 'And nobody would under tand what it meant if they didn't know where we'd  poken to him before, would they?' 'I don't know,'  aid Hermione anxiou ly, hitching her bag back over her  houlder a  the bell rang again, 'it wouldn't be exactly difficult to re- eal the  croll by magic… and if anyone'  watching the Floo Network… but I don't really  ee how we can warn him not to come without that being intercepted, too!' They trudged down the  tone  tep  to the dungeon  for Potion , all three of them lo t in thought, but a  they reached the bottom of the  tep  they were recalled to them elve  by the voice of Draco Malfoy who wa   tanding ju t out ide Snape'  cla room door, waving around an official-looking piece of parchment and talking much louder than wa  nece ary  o that they could hear every word. 'Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team permi ion to continue playing  traightaway, I went to a k her fir t thing thi  morning. Well, it wa  pretty much automatic, I mean,  he know  my father really well, he'  alway  popping in and out of the Mini try… it'll be intere ting to  ee whether Gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, won't it?' 'Don't ri e,' Hermione whi pered imploringly to Harry and Ron, who were both watching Malfoy, face   et and fi t  clenched. 'It'  what he want .' 'I mean,'  aid Malfoy, rai ing hi  voice a little more, hi  grey eye  glittering malevolently in Harry and Ron'  direction, 'if it'  a que tion of influence with the Mini try, I don't think they've got much chance… from what my father  ay , they've been looking for an excu e to  ack Arthur Wea ley for year … and a  for Potter… my father  ay  it'  a matter of time before the Mini try ha  him carted off to St Mungo' … apparently they've got a  pecial ward for people who e brain  have been addled by magic.' Malfoy made a grote que face, hi  mouth  agging open and hi  eye  rolling. Crabbe and Goyle gave their u ual grunt  of laughter; Pan y Parkin on  hrieked with glee. Something collided hard with Harry'   houlder, knocking him  ideway . A  plit  econd later he reali ed that Neville had ju t charged pa t him, heading  traight for Malfoy. 'Neville, no!' Harry leapt forward and  eized the back of Neville'  robe ; Neville  truggled frantically, hi  fi t  flailing, trying de perately to get at Malfoy who looked, for a moment, extremely  hocked. 'Help me!' Harry flung at Ron, managing to get an arm around Neville'  neck and dragging him backward , away from the Slytherin . Crabbe and Goyle were flexing their arm  a  they  tepped in front of Malfoy, ready for the fight. Ron  eized Neville'  arm , and together he and Harry  ucceeded in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor line. Neville'  face wa   carlet; the pre ure Harry wa  exerting on hi  throat rendered him quite incomprehen ible, but odd word   pluttered from hi  mouth. 'Not… funny… don't… Mungo' …  how… him…' The dungeon door opened. Snape appeared there. Hi  black eye   wept up the Gryffindor line to the point where Harry and Ron were wre tling with Neville. 'Fighting, Potter, Wea ley, Longbottom?' Snape  aid in hi  cold,  neering voice. Ten point  from Gryffindor. Relea e Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. In ide, all of you.' Harry let go of Neville, who  tood panting and glaring at him. 'I had to  top you,' Harry ga ped, picking up hi  bag. 'Crabbe and Goyle would've torn you apart.' Neville  aid nothing; he merely  natched up hi  own bag and  talked off into the dungeon. 'What in the name of Merlin,'  aid Ron  lowly, a  they followed Neville, 'wa  that about?' Harry did not an wer. He knew exactly why the  ubject of people who were in St Mungo'  becau e of magical damage to their brain  wa  highly di tre ing to Neville, but he had  worn to Dumbledore that he would not tell anyone Neville'   ecret. Even Neville did not know Harry knew. Harry, Ron and Hermione took their u ual  eat  at the back of the cla , pulled out parchment, quill  and their copie  of One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi. The cla  around them wa  whi pering about what Neville had ju t done, but when Snape clo ed the dungeon door with an echoing bang, everybody immediately fell  ilent. 'You will notice,'  aid Snape, in hi  low,  neering voice, 'that we have a gue t with u  today.' He ge tured toward  the dim corner of the dungeon and Harry  aw Profe or Umbridge  itting there, clipboard on her knee. He glanced  ideway  at Ron and Hermione, hi  eyebrow  rai ed. Snape and Umbridge, the two teacher  he hated mo t. It wa  hard to decide which one he wanted to triumph over the other. 'We are continuing with our Strengthening Solution today. You i will find your mixture  a  you left them la t le on; if correctly made they  hould have matured well over the weekend - in truction  -' he waved hi  wand again '- on the board. Carry on.' Profe or Umbridge  pent the fir t half hour of the le on making note  in her corner. Harry wa  very intere ted in hearing her que tion Snape;  o intere ted, that he wa  becoming carele  with hi  potion again. 'Salamander blood, Harry !' Hermione moaned, grabbing hi  wri t to prevent him adding the wrong ingredient for the third time, 'not pomegranate juice!' 'Right,'  aid Harry vaguely, putting down the bottle and continuing to watch the corner. Umbridge had ju t got to her feet. 'Ha,' he  aid  oftly, a   he  trode between two line  of de k  toward  Snape, who wa  bending over Dean Thoma '  cauldron. 'Well, the cla   eem fairly advanced for their level,'  he  aid bri kly to Snape'  back. Though I would que tion whether it i  advi able to teach them a potion like the Strengthening Solution. I think the Mini try would prefer it if that wa  removed from the  yllabu .' Snape  traightened up  lowly and turned to look at her. 'Now… how long have you been teaching at Hogwart ?'  he a ked, her quill poi ed over her clipboard. 'Fourteen year ,' Snape replied. Hi  expre ion wa  unfathomable. Harry, watching him clo ely, added a few drop  to hi  potion; it hi ed menacingly and turned from turquoi e to orange. 'You applied fir t for the Defence Again t the Dark Art  po t, I believe?' Profe or Umbridge a ked Snape. 'Ye ,'  aid Snape quietly. 'But you were un ucce ful?' Snape'  lip curled. 'Obviou ly' Profe or Umbridge  cribbled on her clipboard. 'And you have applied regularly for the Defence Again t the Dark Art  po t  ince you fir t joined the  chool, I believe?' 'Ye ,'  aid Snape quietly, barely moving hi  lip . He looked very angry. 'Do you have any idea why Dumbledore ha  con i tently refu ed to appoint you?' a ked Umbridge. 'I  ugge t you a k him,'  aid Snape jerkily. .? 'Oh, I  hall,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, with a  weet  mile. 'I  uppo e thi  i  relevant?' Snape a ked, hi  black eye  narrowed. 'Oh ye ,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, 'ye , the Mini try want  a thorough under tanding of teacher ' - er - background .' She turned away, walked over to Pan y Parkin on and began que tioning her about the le on . Snape looked round at Harry and their eye  met for a  econd. Harry ha tily dropped hi  gaze to hi  potion, which wa  now congealing foully and giving off a  trong  mell of burned rubber. 'No mark  again, then, Potter,'  aid Snape maliciou ly, emptying Harry'  cauldron with a wave of hi  wand. 'You will write me an e ay on the correct compo ition of thi  potion, indicating how and why you went wrong, to be handed in next le on, do you under tand?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry furiou ly. Snape had already given them homework and he had Quidditch practice thi  evening; thi  would mean another couple of  leeple  night . It did not  eem po ible that he had awoken that morning feeling very happy. All he felt now wa  a fervent de ire for thi  day to end. 'Maybe I'll  kive off Divination,' he  aid glumly, a  they  tood in the courtyard after lunch, the wind whipping at the hem  of robe  and brim  of hat . Til pretend to be ill and do Snape'  e ay in tead, then I won't have to  tay up half the night.' 'You can't  kive off Divination,'  aid Hermione  everely. 'Hark who'  talking, you walked out of Divination, you hate Trelawney!'  aid Ron indignantly. 'I don't hate her,'  aid Hermione loftily. 'I ju t think  he'  an ab olutely appalling teacher and a real old fraud. But Harry  already mi ed Hi tory of Magic and I don't think he ought to mi  anything el e today!' There wa  too much truth in thi  to ignore,  o half an hour later Harry took hi   eat in the hot, overperfumed atmo phere of the Divination cla room, feeling angry at everybody. Profe or Trelawney wa  yet again handing out copie  of The Dream Oracle. Harry thought he'd  urely be much better employed doing Snape'  puni hment e ay than  itting here trying to find meaning in a lot of made-up dream . It  eemed, however, that he wa  not the only per on in Divination who wa  in a temper. Profe or Trelawney  lammed a copy of the Oracle down on the table between Harry and Ron and  wept away, her lip  pur ed;  he threw the next copy of the Oracle at Seamu  and Dean, narrowly avoiding Seamu '  head, and thru t the final one into Neville'  che t with  uch force that he  lipped off hi  pouffe. 'Well, carry on!'  aid Profe or Trelawney loudly, her voice high-pitched and  omewhat hy terical, 'you know what to do! Or am I  uch a  ub- tandard teacher that you have never learned how to open a book?' The cla   tared perplexedly at her, then at each other. Harry, however, thought he knew what wa  the matter. A  Profe or Trelawney flounced back to the high-backed teacher'  chair, her magnified eye  full of angry tear , he leaned hi  head clo er to Ron'  and muttered, 'I think  he'  got the re ult  of her in pection back.' 'Profe or?'  aid Parvati Patil in a hu hed voice ( he and Lavender had alway  rather admired Profe or Trelawney). 'Profe or, i  there anything - er - wrong?' 'Wrong!' cried Profe or Trelawney in a voice throbbing with emotion. 'Certainly not! I have been in ulted, certainly… in inuation  have been made again t me… unfounded accu ation  levelled… but no, there i  nothing wrong, certainly not!' She took a great  huddering breath and looked away from Parvati, angry tear   pilling from under her gla e . 'I  ay nothing,'  he choked, 'of  ixteen year  of devoted  ervice… it ha  pa ed, apparently, unnoticed… but I  hall not be in ulted, no, I  hall not!' 'But, Profe or, who'  in ulting you?' a ked Parvati timidly. The E tabli hment!'  aid Profe or Trelawney, in a deep, dramatic, wavering voice. 'Ye , tho e with eye  too clouded by the mundane to See a  I See, to Know a  I Know… of cour e, we Seer  have alway  been feared, alway  per ecuted… it i  - ala  -our fate.' She gulped, dabbed at her wet cheek  with the end of her  hawl, then  he pulled a  mall embroidered handkerchief from her  leeve, and blew her no e very hard with a  ound like Peeve  blowing a ra pberry. Ron  niggered. Lavender  hot him a di gu ted look. 'Profe or,'  aid Parvati, 'do you mean… i  it  omething Profe or Umbridge -?' 'Do not  peak to me about that woman!' cried Profe or Trelawney, leaping to her feet, her bead  rattling and her  pectacle  fla hing. 'Kindly continue with your work!' And  he  pent the re t of the le on  triding among them, tear   till leaking from behind her gla e , muttering what  ounded like threat  under her breath. '… may well choo e to leave… the indignity of it… on probation… we  hall  ee… how  he dare …' 'You and Umbridge have got  omething in common,' Harry told Hermione quietly when they met again in Defence Again t the Dark Art . 'She obviou ly reckon  Trelawney'  an old fraud, too… look  like  he'  put her on probation.' Umbridge entered the room a  he  poke, wearing her black velvet bow and an expre ion of great  mugne . 'Good afternoon, cla .' 'Good afternoon, Profe or Umbridge,' they chanted dully. 'Wand  away, plea e.' But there wa  no an wering flurry of movement thi  time; nobody had bothered to take out their wand . 'Plea e turn to page thirty-four of Defen ive Magical Theory and read the third chapter, entitled “The Ca e for Non-Offen ive Re pon e  to Magical Attack”. There will be -' '- no need to talk,' Harry, Ron and Hermione  aid together, under their breath . * 'No Quidditch practice,'  aid Angelina in hollow tone  when Harry, Ron and Hermione entered the common room after dinner that night. 'But I kept my temper!'  aid Harry, horrified. 'I didn't  ay anything to her, Angelina, I  wear, I -' 'I know, I know,'  aid Angelina mi erably. 'She ju t  aid  he needed a bit of time to con ider.' 'Con ider what?'  aid Ron angrily. 'She'  given the Slytherin  permi ion, why not u ?' But Harry could imagine how much Umbridge wa  enjoying holding the threat of no Gryffindor Quidditch team over their head  and could ea ily under tand why  he would not want to relinqui h that weapon over them too  oon. 'Well,'  aid Hermione, 'look on the bright  ide - at lea t now you'll have time to do Snape'  e ay!' That'  a bright  ide, i  it?'  napped Harry, while Ron  tared incredulou ly at Hermione. 'No Quidditch practice, and extra Potion ?' Harry  lumped down into a chair, dragged hi  Potion  e ay reluctantly from hi  bag and  et to work. It wa  very hard to concentrate; even though he knew Siriu  wa  not due in the fire until much later, he could not help glancing into the flame  every few minute  ju t in ca e. There wa  al o an incredible amount of noi e in the room: Fred and George appeared finally to have perfected one type of Skiving Snackbox, which they were taking turn  to demon trate to a cheering and whooping crowd. Fir t, Fred would take a bite out of the orange end of a chew, at which he would vomit  pectacularly into a bucket they had placed in front of them. Then he would force down the purple end of the chew, at which the vomiting would immediately cea e. Lee Jordan, who wa  a i ting the demon tration, wa  lazily Vani hing the vomit at regular interval  with the  ame Vani hing Spell Snape kept u ing on Harry  potion . What with the regular  ound  of retching, cheering and the  ound of Fred and George taking advance order  from the crowd, Harry wa  finding it exceptionally difficult to focu  on the correct method for Strengthening Solution. Hermione wa  not helping matter ; the cheer  and the  ound of vomit hitting the bottom of Fred and George'  bucket were punctuated by her loud and di approving  niff , which Harry found, if anything, more di tracting. 'Ju t go and  top them, then!' he  aid irritably, after cro ing out the wrong weight of powdered griffin claw for the fourth time. 'I can't, they're not technically doing anything wrong,'  aid Hermione through gritted teeth. They're quite within their right  to eat the foul thing  them elve  and I can't find a rule that  ay  the other idiot  aren't entitled to buy them, not unle  they're proven to be dangerou  in  ome way and it doe n't look a  though they are.' She, Harry and Ron watched George projectile-vomit into the bucket, gulp down the re t of the chew and  traighten up, beaming with hi  arm  wide to protracted applau e. 'You know, I don't get why Fred and George only got three OWL  each,'  aid Harry, watching a  Fred, George and Lee collected gold from the eager crowd. They really know their  tuff.' 'Oh, they only know fla hy  tuff that'  of no real u e to anyone,'  aid Hermione di paragingly. 'No real u e?'  aid Ron in a  trained voice. 'Hermione, they've made about twenty- ix Galleon  already.' It wa  a long while before the crowd around the Wea ley twin  di per ed, then Fred, Lee and George  at up counting their taking  even longer,  o it wa  well pa t midnight when Harry, Ron and Hermione finally had the common room to them elve . At long la t, Fred had clo ed the doorway to the boy ' dormitorie  behind him, rattling hi  box of Galleon  o tentatiou ly  o that Hermione  cowled. Harry, who wa  making very little progre  with hi  Potion  e ay, decided to give it up for the night. A  he put hi  book  away, Ron, who wa  dozing lightly in an armchair, gave a muffled grunt, awoke, and looked blearily into the fire. 'Siriu !' he  aid. Harry whipped round. Siriu  untidy dark head wa   itting in the fire again. 'Hi,' he  aid, grinning. 'Hi,' choru ed Harry, Ron and Hermione, all three kneeling down on the hearthrug. Crook hank  purred loudly and approached the fire, trying, de pite the heat, to put hi  face clo e to Siriu ' . 'How're thing ?'  aid Siriu . 'Not that good,'  aid Harry, a  Hermione pulled Crook hank  back to  top him  ingeing hi  whi ker . The Mini try'  forced through another decree, which mean  we're not allowed to have Quidditch team  -' I 'Or  ecret Defence Again t the Dark Art  group ?'  aid Siriu . There wa  a  hort pau e. 'How did you know about that?' Harry demanded. 'You want to choo e your meeting place  more carefully,'  aid Siriu , grinning  till more broadly. The Hog'  Head, I a k you.' 'Well, it wa  better than the Three Broom tick !'  aid Hermione defen ively. That'  alway  packed with people -' 'Which mean  you'd have been harder to overhear,'  aid Siriu . 'You've got a lot to learn, Hermione.' 'Who overheard u ?' Harry demanded. 'Mundungu , of cour e,'  aid Siriu , and when they all looked puzzled he laughed. 'He wa  the witch under the veil.' That wa  Mundungu ?' Harry  aid,  tunned. 'What wa  he doing in the Hog'  Head?' What do you think he wa  doing?'  aid Siriu  impatiently. 'Keeping an eye on you, of cour e.' 'I'm  till being followed?' a ked Harry angrily. 'Yeah, you are,'  aid Siriu , 'and ju t a  well, i n't it, if the fir t thing you're going to do on your weekend off i  organi e an illegal defence group.' But he looked neither angry nor worried. On the contrary, he wa  looking at Harry with di tinct pride. 'Why wa  Dung hiding from u ?' a ked Ron,  ounding di appointed. 'We'd've liked to've  een him.' 'He wa  banned from the Hog'  Head twenty year  ago,'  aid Siriu , 'and that barman'  got a long memory. We lo t Moody'   pare Invi ibility Cloak when Sturgi  wa  arre ted,  o Dung'  been dre ing a  a witch a lot lately… anyway… fir t of all, Ron - I've  worn to pa  on a me age from your mother.' 'Oh yeah?'  aid Ron,  ounding apprehen ive. 'She  ay  on no account what oever are you to take part in an illegal  ecret Defence Again t the Dark Art  group. She  ay  you'll be expelled for  ure and your future will be ruined. She  ay  there will be plenty of time to learn how to defend your elf later and that you are too young to be worrying about that right now. She al o' (Siriu '  eye  turned to the other two) 'advi e  Harry and Hermione not to proceed with the group, though  he accept  that  he ha  no authority over either of them and  imply beg  them to remember that  he ha  their be t intere t  at heart. She would have written all thi  to you, but if the owl had been intercepted you'd all have been in real trouble, and  he can't  ay it for her elf becau e  he'  on duty tonight.' 'On duty doing what?'  aid Ron quickly. 'Never you mind, ju t  tuff for the Order,'  aid Siriu . 'So it'  fallen to me to be the me enger and make  ure you tell her I pa ed it all on, becau e I don't think  he tru t  me to.' There wa  another pau e in which Crook hank , mewing, attempted to paw Siriu '  head, and Ron fiddled with a hole in the hearthrug. 'So, you want me to  ay I'm not going to take part in the Defence group?' he muttered finally. 'Me? Certainly not!'  aid Siriu , looking  urpri ed. 'I think it'  an excellent idea!' 'You do?'  aid Harry, hi  heart lifting. 'Of cour e I do!'  aid Siriu . 'D'you think your father and I would've lain down and taken order  from an old hag like Umbridge?' 'But - la t term all you did wa  tell me to be careful and not take ri k  -' 'La t year, all the evidence wa  that  omeone in ide Hogwart  wa  trying to kill you, Harry!'  aid Siriu  impatiently. Thi  year, we know there'   omeone out ide Hogwart  who'd like to kill u  all,  o I think learning to defend your elve  properly i  a very good idea!' 'And if we do get expelled?' Hermione a ked, a quizzical look on her face. 'Hermione, thi  whole thing wa  your idea!'  aid Harry,  taring at her. 'I know it wa . I ju t wondered what Siriu  thought,'  he  aid,  hrugging. 'Well, better expelled and able to defend your elve  than  itting  afely in  chool without a clue,'  aid Siriu . 'Hear, hear,'  aid Harry and Ron enthu ia tically. 'So,'  aid Siriu , 'how are you organi ing thi  group? Where are you meeting?' 'Well, that'  a bit of a problem now,'  aid Harry. 'Dunno where we're going to be able to go.' 'How about the Shrieking Shack?'  ugge ted Siriu . 'Hey, that'  an idea!'  aid Ron excitedly, but Hermione made a  ceptical noi e and all three of them looked at her, Siriu  head turning in the flame . 'Well, Siriu , it'  ju t that there were only four of you meeting in the Shrieking Shack when you were at  chool,'  aid Hermione, 'and all of you could tran form into animal  and I  uppo e you could all have  queezed under a  ingle Invi ibility Cloak if you'd wanted to. But there are twenty-eight of u  and none of u  i  an Animagu ,  o we wouldn't need  o much an Invi ibility Cloak a  an Invi ibility Marquee -' 'Fair point,'  aid Siriu , looking  lightly cre tfallen. 'Well, I'm  ure you'll come up with  omewhere. There u ed to be a pretty roomy  ecret pa ageway behind that big mirror on the fourth floor, you might have enough  pace to practi e jinxe  in there.' 'Fred and George told me it'  blocked,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. 'Caved in or  omething.' 'Oh…'  aid Siriu , frowning. 'Well, I'll have a think and get back to -' He broke off. Hi  face wa   uddenly ten e, alarmed. He turned  ideway , apparently looking into the  olid brick wall of the fireplace. 'Siriu ?'  aid Harry anxiou ly. But he had vani hed. Harry gaped at the flame  for a moment, then turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Why did he -?' Hermione gave a horrified ga p and leapt to her feet,  till  taring at the fire. A hand had appeared among t the flame , groping a  though to catch hold of  omething; a  tubby,  hort-fingered hand covered in ugly old-fa hioned ring . The three of them ran for it. At the door of the boy ' dormitory Harry looked back. Umbridge'  hand wa   till making  natching movement  among t the flame , a  though  he knew exactly where Siriu  hair had been moment  before and wa  determined to  eize it. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 18 - Dumbledore'  Army 'Umbridge ha  been reading your mail, Harry. There'  no other explanation.' 'You think Umbridge attacked Hedwig?' he  aid, outraged. 'I'm almo t certain of it,'  aid Hermione grimly. 'Watch your frog, it'  e caping.' Harry pointed hi  wand at the bullfrog that had been hopping hopefully toward  the other  ide of the table - 'Accio!' - and it zoomed gloomily back into hi  hand. Charm  wa  alway  one of the be t le on  in which to enjoy a private chat; there wa  generally  o much movement and activity that the danger of being overheard wa  very  light. Today, with the room full of croaking bullfrog  and cawing raven , and with a heavy downpour of rain clattering and pounding again t the cla room window , Harry, Ron and Hermione'  whi pered di cu ion about how Umbridge had nearly caught Siriu  went quite unnoticed. 'I've been  u pecting thi  ever  ince Filch accu ed you of ordering Dungbomb , becau e it  eemed  uch a  tupid lie,' Hermione whi pered. 'I mean, once your letter had been read it would have been quite clear you weren't ordering them,  o you wouldn't have been in trouble at all - it'  a bit of a feeble joke, i n't it? But then I thought, what if  omebody ju t wanted an excu e to read your mail? Well then, it would be a perfect way for Umbridge to manage it - tip off Filch, let him do the dirty work and confi cate the letter, then either find a way of  tealing it from him or el e demand to  ee it - I don't think Filch would object, when'  he ever  tuck up for a  tudent'  right ? Harry, you're  qua hing your frog.' r Harry looked down; he wa  indeed  queezing hi  bullfrog  o tightly it  eye  were popping; he replaced it ha tily upon the de k. 'It wa  a very, very clo e call la t night,'  aid Hermione. 'I ju t wonder if Umbridge know  how clo e it wa . Silencio.' The bullfrog on which  he wa  practi ing her Silencing Charm wa   truck dumb mid-croak and glared at her reproachfully. 'If  he'd caught Snuffle  -' Harry fini hed the  entence for her. '- He'd probably be back in Azkaban thi  morning.' He waved hi  wand without really concentrating; hi  bullfrog  welled like a green balloon and emitted a high-pitched whi tle. 'Silencio!'  aid Hermione ha tily, pointing her wand at Harry'  frog, which deflated  ilently before them. 'Well, he mu tn't do it again, that'  all. I ju t don't know how we're going to let him know. We can't  end him an owl.' 'I don't reckon he'll ri k it again,'  aid Ron. 'He'  not  tupid, he know   he nearly got him. Silencio.' The large and ugly raven in front of him let out a deri ive caw. 'Silencio. SILENCIO!' The raven cawed more loudly. 'It  the way you're moving your wand,'  aid Hermione, watching Ron critically, 'you don't want to wave it, it'  more a  harp jab.' 'Raven  are harder than frog ,'  aid Ron through clenched teeth. 'Fine, let'   wap,'  aid Hermione,  eizing Ron  raven and replacing it with her own fat bullfrog. 'Silencio!' The raven continued to open and clo e it   harp beak, but no  ound came out. 'Very good, Mi  Granger!'  aid Profe or Flitwick'   queaky little voice, making Harry, Ron and Hermione all jump. 'Now, let me  ee you try, Mr Wea ley.' 'Wha—? Oh - oh, right,'  aid Ron, very flu tered. 'Er -  ilendo!' He jabbed at the bullfrog  o hard he poked it in the eye: the frog gave a deafening croak and leapt off the de k. It came a  no  urpri e to any of them that Harry and Ron were given additional practice of the Silencing Charm for homework. They were allowed to remain in ide over break due to the downpour out ide. They found  eat  in a noi y and overcrowded cla room on the fir t floor in which Peeve  wa  floating dreamily up near the chandelier, occa ionally blowing an ink pellet at the top of  omebody'  head. They had barely  at down when Angelina came  truggling toward  them through the group  of go iping  tudent . 'I've got permi ion!'  he  aid. To re-form the Quidditch team!' 'Excellent!'  aid Ron and Harry together. 'Yeah,'  aid Angelina, beaming. 'I went to McGonagall and I think  he might have appealed to Dumbledore. Anyway, Umbridge had to give in. Ha! So I want you down at the pitch at  even o'clock tonight, all right, becau e we've got to make up time. You reali e we're only three week  away from our fir t match?' She  queezed away from them, narrowly dodged an ink pellet from Peeve , which hit a nearby fir t-year in tead, and vani hed from  ight. Ron'   mile  lipped  lightly a  he looked out of the window, which wa  now opaque with hammering rain. 'Hope thi  clear  up. What'  up with you, Hermione?' She, too, wa  gazing at the window, but not a  though  he really  aw it. Her eye  were unfocu ed and there wa  a frown on her face. 'Ju t thinking…'  he  aid,  till frowning at the rain-wa hed window. 'About Siri— Snuffle ?'  aid Harry. 'No… not exactly…'  aid Hermione  lowly. 'More… wondering… I  uppo e we're doing the right thing… I think… aren't we?' Harry and Ron looked at each other. 'Well, that clear  that up,'  aid Ron. 'It would've been really annoying if you hadn't explained your elf properly.' Hermione looked at him a  though  he had only ju t reali ed he wa  there. 'I wa  ju t wondering,'  he  aid, her voice  tronger now, 'whether we're doing the right thing,  tarting thi  Defence Again t the Dark Art  group.' 'What?'  aid Harry and Ron together. 'Hermione, it wa  your idea in the fir t place!'  aid Ron indignantly. 'I know,'  aid Hermione, twi ting her finger  together. 'But after talking to Snuffle …' 'But he'  all for it,'  aid Harry. 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione,  taring at the window again. 'Ye , that'  what made me think maybe it wa n't a good idea after all…' Peeve  floated over them on hi   tomach, pea hooter at the ready; automatically all three of them lifted their bag  to cover their head  until he had pa ed. 'Let'  get thi   traight,'  aid Harry angrily, a  they put their bag  back on the floor, 'Siriu  agree  with u ,  o you don't think we  hould do it any more?' Hermione looked ten e and rather mi erable. Now  taring at her own hand ,  he  aid, 'Do you hone tly tru t hi  judgement?' 'Ye , I do!'  aid Harry at once. 'He'  alway  given u  great advice!' An ink pellet whizzed pa t them,  triking Katie Bell  quarely in the ear. Hermione watched Katie leap to her feet and  tart throwing thing  at Peeve ; it wa  a few moment  before Hermione  poke again and it  ounded a  though  he wa  choo ing her word  very carefully. 'You don't think he ha  become…  ort of… reckle …  ince he'  been cooped up in Grimmauld Place? You don't think he' … kind of… living through u ?' 'What d'you mean, “living through u ”?' Harry retorted. 'I mean… well, I think he'd love to be forming  ecret Defence  ocietie  right under the no e of  omeone from the Mini try… I think he'  really fru trated at how little he can do where he i …  o I think he'  keen to kind of… egg u  on.' Ron looked utterly perplexed. 'Siriu  i  right,' he  aid, 'you do  ound ju t like my mother.' Hermione bit her lip and did not an wer. The bell rang ju t a  Peeve   wooped down on Katie and emptied an entire ink bottle over her head. * The weather did not improve a  the day wore on,  o that at  even ^o'clock that evening, when Harry and Ron went down to the ^uidditch pitch for practice, they were  oaked through within min-ate , their feet  lipping and  liding on the  odden gra . The  ky pwa  a deep, thundery grey and it wa  a relief to gain the warmth and light of the changing room , even if they knew the re pite wa  only temporary. They found Fred and George debating whether to u e one of their own Skiving Snackboxe  to get out of flying. '… but I bet  he'd know what we'd done,' Fred  aid out of the corner of hi  mouth. 'If only I hadn't offered to  ell her  ome Puking Pa tille  ye terday.' 'We could try the Fever Fudge,' George muttered, 'no one'   een that yet -' 'Doe  it work?' enquired Ron hopefully, a  the hammering of rain on the roof inten ified and wind howled around the building. 'Well, yeah,'  aid Fred, 'your temperature'll go right up.' 'But you get the e ma ive pu -filled boil , too,'  aid George, 'and we haven't worked out how to get rid of them yet.' 'I can't  ee any boil ,'  aid Ron,  taring at the twin . 'No, well, you wouldn't,'  aid Fred darkly, 'they're not in a place we generally di play to the public.' 'But they make  itting on a broom a right pain in the -' 'All right, everyone, li ten up,'  aid Angelina loudly, emerging from the Captain'  office. 'I know it'  not ideal weather, but there'  a chance we'll be playing Slytherin in condition  like thi   o it'  a good idea to work out how we're going to cope with them. Harry, didn't you do  omething to your gla e  to  top the rain fogging them up when we played Hufflepuff in that  torm?' 'Hermione did it,'  aid Harry. He pulled out hi  wand, tapped hi  gla e  and  aid, 'Imperviu !' 'I think we all ought to try that,'  aid Angelina. 'If we could ju t keep the rain off our face  it would really help vi ibility - all together, come on - Imperviu ! OK. Let'  go.' They all  towed their wand  back in the in ide pocket  of their robe ,  houldered their broom  and followed Angelina out of the changing room . They  quelched through the deepening mud to the middle of the pitch; vi ibility wa   till very poor even with the Imperviu  Charm; light wa  fading fa t and curtain  of rain were  weeping the ground . 'All right, on my whi tle,'  houted Angelina. Harry kicked off from the ground,  praying mud in all direction , and  hot upward , the wind pulling him  lightly off cour e. He had no idea how he wa  going to  ee the Snitch in thi  weather; he wa  having enough difficulty  eeing the one Bludger with which they were practi ing; a minute into the practice it almo t un eated him and he had to u e the Sloth Grip Roll to avoid it. Unfortunately, Angelina did not  ee thi . In fact,  he did not appear to be able to  ee anything; none of them had a clue what the other  were doing. The wind wa  picking up; even at a di tance Harry could hear the  wi hing, pounding  ound  of the rain pummelling the  urface of the lake. Angelina kept them at it for nearly an hour before conceding defeat. She led her  odden and di gruntled team back into the changing room , in i ting that the practice had not been a wa te of time, though without any real conviction in her voice. Fred and George were looking particularly annoyed; both were bandy-legged and winced with every movement. Harry could hear them complaining in low voice  a  he towelled hi  hair dry. 'I think a few of mine have ruptured,'  aid Fred in a hollow voice. 'Mine haven't,'  aid George, through clenched teeth, 'they're throbbing like mad… feel bigger if anything.' 'OUCH!'  aid Harry. He pre ed the towel to hi  face, hi  eye   crewed tight with pain. The  car on hi  forehead had  eared again, more painfully than it had in week . 'What'  up?'  aid  everal voice . Harry emerged from behind hi  towel; the changing room wa  blurred becau e he wa  not wearing hi  gla e , but he could  till tell that everyone'  face wa  turned toward  him. 'Nothing,' he muttered, 'I - poked my elf in the eye, that'  all.' But he gave Ron a  ignificant look and the two of them hung back a  the re t of the team filed back out ide, muffled in their cloak , their hat  pulled low over their ear . 'What happened?'  aid Ron, the moment Alicia had di appeared through the door. 'Wa  it your  car?' Harry nodded. 'But…' looking  cared, Ron  trode acro  to the window and  tared out into the rain, 'he - he can't be near u  now, can he?' 'No,' Harry muttered,  inking on to a bench and rubbing hi  forehead. 'He'  probably mile  away. It hurt becau e… he' … angry.' Harry had not meant to  ay that at all, and heard the word  a  though a  tranger had  poken them - yet knew at once that they were true. He did not know how he knew it, but he did; Voldemort, wherever he wa , whatever he wa  doing, wa  in a towering temper. 'Did you  ee him?'  aid Ron, looking horrified. 'Did you… get a vi ion, or  omething?' Harry  at quite  till,  taring at hi  feet, allowing hi  mind and hi  memory to relax in the aftermath of the pain. A confu ed tangle of  hape , a howling ru h of voice … 'He want   omething done, and it'  not happening fa t enough,' he  aid. Again, he felt  urpri ed to hear the word  coming out of hi  mouth, and yet wa  quite certain they were true. 'But… how do you know?'  aid Ron. Harry  hook hi  head and covered hi  eye  with hi  hand , pre ing down upon them with hi  palm . Little  tar  erupted in them. He felt Ron  it down on the bench be ide him and knew Ron wa   taring at him. 'I  thi  what it wa  about la t time?'  aid Ron in a hu hed voice. 'When your  car hurt in Umbridge'  office? You-Know-Who wa  angry?' Harry  hook hi  head. 'What i  it, then?' Harry wa  thinking him elf back. He had been looking into Umbridge'  face… hi   car had hurt… and he had had that odd feeling in hi   tomach… a  trange, leaping feeling… a happy feeling… but of cour e, he had not recogni ed it for what it wa , a  he had been feeling  o mi erable him elf… 'La t time, it wa  becau e he wa  plea ed,' he  aid. 'Really plea ed. He thought…  omething good wa  going to happen. And the night before we came back to Hogwart …' he thought back to the moment when hi   car had hurt  o badly in hi  and Ron'  bedroom in Grimmauld Place… 'he wa  furiou  He looked round at Ron, who wa  gaping at him. 'You could take over from Trelawney, mate,' he  aid in an awed voice. 'I'm not making prophecie ,'  aid Harry. 'No, you know what you're doing?' Ron  aid,  ounding both  cared and impre ed. 'Harry, you're reading You-Know-Who'  mind!' 'No,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. 'It'  more like… hi  mood, I  uppo e. I'm ju t getting fla he  of what mood he'  in. Dumbledore  aid  omething like thi  wa  happening la t year. He  aid that when Voldemort wa  near me, or when he wa  feeling hatred, I could tell. Well, now I'm feeling it when he'  plea ed, too…" There wa  a pau e. The wind and rain la hed at the building. 'You've got to tell  omeone,'  aid Ron. 'I told Siriu  la t time.' 'Well, tell him about thi  time!' 'Can't, can I?'  aid Harry grimly. 'Umbridge i  watching the owl  and the fire , remember?' 'Well then, Dumbledore.' 'I've ju t told you, he already know ,'  aid Harry  hortly, getting to hi  feet, taking hi  cloak off hi  peg and  winging it around him. There'  no point telling him again.' Ron did up the fa tening of hi  own cloak, watching Harry thoughtfully. 'Dumbledore'd want to know,' he  aid. Harry  hrugged. 'C'mon… we've  till got Silencing Charm  to practi e.' They hurried back through the dark ground ,  liding and  tumbling up the muddy lawn , not talking. Harry wa  thinking hard. What wa  it that Voldemort wanted done that wa  not happening quickly enough? '… he'  got other plan … plan  he can put into operation very quietly indeed…  tuff he can only get by  tealth… like a weapon. Something he didn't have la t time.' Harry had not thought about tho e word  in week ; he had been too ab orbed in what wa  going on at Hogwart , too bu y dwelling on the ongoing battle  with Umbridge, the inju tice of all the Mini try interference… but now they came back to him and made him wonder… Voldemort'  anger would make  en e if he wa  no nearer to laying hand  on the weapon, whatever it wa . Had the Order thwarted him,  topped him from  eizing it? Where wa  it kept? Who had it now? 'Mimbulu  mimbletonia,'  aid Ron'  voice and Harry came back to hi   en e  ju t in time to clamber through the portrait hole into the common room. It appeared that Hermione had gone to bed early, leaving Crook hank  curled in a nearby chair and an a ortment of knobbly knitted elf hat  lying on a table by the fire. Harry wa  rather grateful that  he wa  not around, becau e he did not much want to di cu  hi   car hurting and have her urge him to go to Dumbledore, too. Ron kept throwing him anxiou  glance , but Harry pulled out hi  Charm  book  and  et to work on fini hing hi  e ay, though he wa  only pretending to concentrate and by the time Ron  aid he wa  going up to bed, too, he had written hardly anything. Midnight came and went while Harry wa  reading and rereading a pa age about the u e  of  curvy-gra , lovage and  neezewort and not taking in a word of it. The e plante  are mo te efficaciou  in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much u ed in Confu ing and Befuddlement Draught , where the wizard i  de irou  of producing hot-headedne  and reckle ne … … Hermione  aid Siriu  wa  becoming reckle  cooped up in Grimmauld Place… … mo te efficaciou  in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much u ed… … the Daily Prophet would think hi  brain wa  inflamed if they found out that he knew what Voldemort wa  feeling… … therefore much u ed in Confu ing and Befuddlement Draught … … confu ing wa  the word, all right; why did he know what Voldemort wa  feeling? What wa  thi  weird connection between them, which Dumbledore had never been able to explain  ati factorily? … where the wizard i  de irou … … how Harry would like to  leep… …of producing hot-headedne … … it wa  warm and comfortable in hi  armchair before the fire, with the rain  till beating heavily on the windowpane , Crook hank  purring, and the crackling of the flame … The book  lipped from Harry'   lack grip and landed with a dull thud on the hearthrug. Hi  head lolled  ideway … He wa  walking once more along a windowle  corridor, hi  foot tep  echoing in the  ilence. A  the door at the end of the pa age loomed larger, hi  heart beat fa t with excitement… if he could only open it… enter beyond… He  tretched out hi  hand… hi  fingertip  were inche  from it… 'Harry Potter,  ir!' He awoke with a  tart. The candle  had all been extingui hed in the common room, but there wa   omething moving clo e by. 'Whozair?'  aid Harry,  itting upright in hi  chair. The fire wa  almo t out, the room very dark. 'Dobby ha  your owl,  ir!'  aid a  queaky voice. 'Dobby?'  aid Harry thickly, peering through the gloom toward  the  ource of the voice. Dobby the hou e-elf wa   tanding be ide the table on which Hermione had left half a dozen of her knitted hat . Hi  large, pointed ear  were now  ticking out from beneath what looked like all the hat  Hermione had ever knitted; he wa  wearing one on top of the other,  o that hi  head  eemed elongated by two or three feet, and on the very topmo t bobble  at Hedwig, hooting  erenely and obviou ly cured. 'Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potter'  owl,'  aid the elf  queakily, with a look of po itive adoration on hi  face, 'Profe or Grubbly-Plank  ay   he i  all well now,  ir.' He  ank into a deep bow  o that hi  pencil-like no e bru hed the threadbare  urface of the hearthrug and Hedwig gave an indignant hoot and fluttered on to the arm of Harry'  chair. Thank , Dobby!'  aid Harry,  troking Hedwig'  head and blinking hard, trying to rid him elf of the image of the door in hi  dream… it had been very vivid. Surveying Dobby more clo ely, he noticed that the elf wa  al o wearing  everal  carve  and innumerable  ock ,  o that hi  feet looked far too big for hi  body. 'Er… have you been taking all the clothe  Hermione'  been leaving out?' 'Oh, no,  ir,'  aid Dobby happily. 'Dobby ha  been taking  ome for Winky, too,  ir.' 'Yeah, how i  Winky?' a ked Harry. Dobby'  ear  drooped  lightly. 'Winky i   till drinking lot ,  ir,' he  aid  adly, hi  enormou  round green eye , large a  tenni  ball , downca t. 'She  till doe  not care for clothe , Harry Potter. Nor do the other hou e-elve . None of them will clean Gryffindor Tower any more, not with the hat  and  ock  hidden everywhere, they find  them in ulting,  ir. Dobby doe  it all him elf,  ir, but Dobby doe  not mind,  ir, for he alway  hope  to meet Harry Potter and tonight,  ir, he ha  got hi  wi h!' Dobby  ank into a deep bow again. 'But Harry Potter doe  not  eem happy,' Dobby went on,  traightening up again and looking timidly at Harry. 'Dobby heard him muttering in hi   leep. Wa  Harry Potter having bad dream ?' 'Not really bad,'  aid Harry, yawning and rubbing hi  eye . 'I've had wor e.' The elf  urveyed Harry out of hi  va t, orb-like eye . Then he  aid very  eriou ly, hi  ear  drooping, 'Dobby wi he  he could help Harry Potter, for Harry Potter  et Dobby free and Dobby i  much, much happier now.' Harry  miled. 'You can't help me, Dobby, but thank  for the offer.' He bent and picked up hi  Potion  book. He'd have to try to fini h the e ay tomorrow. He clo ed the book and a  he did  o the firelight illuminated the thin white  car  on the back of hi  hand - the re ult of hi  detention  with Umbridge… 'Wait a moment - there i   omething you can do for me, Dobby,'  aid Harry  lowly. The elf looked round, beaming. 'Name it, Harry Potter,  ir!' 'I need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practi e Defence Again t the Dark Art  without being di covered by any of the teacher . E pecially,' Harry clenched hi  hand on the book,  o that the  car   hone pearly white, 'Profe or Umbridge.' He expected the elf'   mile to vani h, hi  ear  to droop; he expected him to  ay it wa  impo ible, or el e that he would try to find  omewhere, but hi  hope  were not high. What he had not expected wa  for Dobby to give a little  kip, hi  ear  waggling cheerfully, and clap hi  hand  together. 'Dobby know  the perfect place,  ir!' he  aid happily. 'Dobby heard tell of it from the other hou e-elve  when he came to Hogwart ,  ir. It i  known by u  a  the Come and Go Room,  ir, or el e a  the Room of Requirement!' 'Why?'  aid Harry curiou ly. 'Becau e it i  a room that a per on can only enter,'  aid Dobby  eriou ly, 'when they have real need of it. Sometime  it i  there, and  ometime  it i  not, but when it appear , it i  alway  equipped for the  eeker'  need . Dobby ha  u ed it,  ir,'  aid the elf, dropping hi  voice and looking guilty, 'when Winky ha  been very drunk; he ha  hidden her in the Room of Requirement and he ha  found antidote  to Butterbeer there, and a nice elf- ized bed to  ettle her on while  he  leep  it off,  ir… and Dobby know  Mr Filch ha  found extra cleaning material  there when he ha  run  hort,  ir, and -' 'And if you really needed a bathroom,'  aid Harry,  uddenly remembering  omething Dumbledore had  aid at the Yule Ball the previou  Chri tma , 'would it fill it elf with chamber pot ?' 'Dobby expect   o,  ir,'  aid Dobby, nodding earne tly. 'It i  a mo t amazing room,  ir.' 'How many people know about it?'  aid Harry,  itting up  traighter in hi  chair. 'Very few,  ir. Mo tly people  tumble  acro  it when they need  it,  ir, but often they never find  it again, for they do not know that it i  alway  there waiting to be called into  ervice,  ir.' 'It  ound  brilliant,'  aid Harry, hi  heart racing. 'It  ound  perfect, Dobby. When can you  how me where it i ?' 'Any time, Harry Potter,  ir,'  aid Dobby, looking delighted at Harry  enthu ia m. 'We could go now, if you like!' For a moment Harry wa  tempted to go with Dobby. He wa  halfway out of hi   eat, intending to hurry up tair  for hi  Invi ibility Cloak when, not for the fir t time, a voice very much like Hermione'  whi pered in hi  ear: reckle . It wa , after all, very late, he wa  exhau ted, and had Snape'  e ay to fini h. 'Not tonight, Dobby,'  aid Harry reluctantly,  inking back into hi  chair. Thi  i  really important… I don't want to blow it, it'll need proper planning. Li ten, can you ju t tell me exactly where thi  Room of Requirement i , and how to get in there?' * Their robe  billowed and  wirled around them a  they  pla hed acro  the flooded vegetable patch to double Herbology, where they could hardly hear what Profe or Sprout wa   aying over the hammering of raindrop  hard a  hail tone  on the greenhou e roof. The afternoon  Care of Magical Creature  le on wa  to be relocated from the  torm- wept ground  to a free cla room on the ground floor and, to their inten e relief, Angelina had  ought out her team at lunch to tell them that Quidditch practice wa  cancelled. 'Good,'  aid Harry quietly, when  he told him, 'becau e we've found  omewhere to have our fir t Defence meeting. Tonight, eight o'clock,  eventh floor oppo ite that tape try of Barnaba  the Barmy being clubbed by tho e troll . Can you tell Katie and Alicia?' She looked  lightly taken aback but promi ed to tell the other . Harry returned hungrily to hi   au age  and ma h. When he looked up to take a drink of pumpkin juice, he found Hermione watching him. 'What?' he  aid thickly. 'Well… it'  ju t that Dobby'  plan  aren't alway  that  afe. Don't you remember when he lo t you all the bone  in your arm?' Thi  room i n't ju t  ome mad idea of Dobby' ; Dumbledore know  about it, too, he mentioned it to me at the Yule Ball.' Hermione'  expre ion cleared. V 'Dumbledore told you about it?' 'Ju t in pa ing,'  aid Harry,  hrugging. 'Oh, well, that'  all right then,'  aid Hermione bri kly and rai ed no more objection . Together with Ron they had  pent mo t of the day  eeking out tho e people who had  igned their name  to the li t in the Hog'  Head and telling them where to meet that evening. Somewhat to Harry'  di appointment, it wa  Ginny who managed to find Cho Chang and her friend fir t; however, by the end of dinner he wa  confident that the new  had been pa ed to every one of the twenty-five people who had turned up in the Hog'  Head. At half pa t  even Harry, Ron and Hermione left the Gryffindor common room, Harry clutching a certain piece of aged parchment in hi  hand. Fifth-year  were allowed to be out in the corridor  until nine o'clock, but all three of them kept looking around nervou ly a  they made their way along the  eventh floor. 'Hold it,' Harry warned, unfolding the piece of parchment at the top of the la t  tairca e, tapping it with hi  wand and muttering, 'I  olemnly  wear that I am up to no good.' A map of Hogwart  appeared on the blank  urface of the parchment. Tiny black moving dot , labelled with name ,  howed where variou  people were. 'Filch i  on the  econd floor,'  aid Harry, holding the map clo e to hi  eye , 'and Mr . Norri  i  on the fourth.' 'And Umbridge?'  aid Hermione anxiou ly. 'In her office,'  aid Harry, pointing. 'OK, let  go.' They hurried along the corridor to the place Dobby had de cribed to Harry, a  tretch of blank wall oppo ite an enormou  tape try depicting Barnaba  the Barmy'  fooli h attempt to train troll  for the ballet. 'OK,'  aid Harry quietly, while a moth-eaten troll pau ed in hi  relentle  clubbing of the would-be ballet teacher to watch them. 'Dobby  aid to walk pa t thi  bit of wall three time , concentrating hard on what we need.' They did  o, turning  harply at the window ju t beyond the blank  tretch of wall, then at the man- ized va e on it  other  ide. Ron had  crewed up hi  eye  in concentration; Hermione wa  whi pering  omething under her breath; Harry'  fi t  were clenched a  he  tared ahead of him. We need  omewhere to learn to fight … he thought. Ju t give u  a place to practi e…  omewhere they can't find u … 'Harry!'  aid Hermione  harply, a  they wheeled around after their third walk pa t. A highly poli hed door had appeared in the wall. Ron wa   taring at it, looking  lightly wary. Harry reached out,  eized the bra  handle, pulled open the door and led the way into a  paciou  room lit with flickering torche  like tho e that illuminated the dungeon  eight floor  below. The wall  were lined with wooden bookca e  and in tead of chair  there were large  ilk cu hion  on the floor. A  et of  helve  at the far end of the room carried a range of in trument   uch a  Sneako cope , Secrecy Sen or  and a large, cracked Foe-Gla  that Harry wa   ure had hung, the previou  year, in the fake Moody  office. The e will be good when we're practi ing Stunning,'  aid Ron enthu ia tically, prodding one of the cu hion  with hi  foot. 'And ju t look at the e book !'  aid Hermione excitedly, running a finger along the  pine  of the large leather-bound tome . 'A Compendium of Common Cur e  and their Counter-Action … The Dark Art  Out marted… Self-Defen ive Spellwork… wow…" She looked around at Harry, her face glowing, and he  aw that the pre ence of hundred  of book  had finally convinced Hermione that what they were doing wa  right. 'Harry, thi  i  wonderful, there'  everything we need here!' And without further ado  he  lid Jinxe  for the Jinxed from it   helf,  ank on to the neare t cu hion and began to read. There wa  a gentle knock on the door. Harry looked round. Gmny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati and Dean had arrived. 'Whoa,'  aid Dean,  taring around, impre ed. 'What i  thi  place?' Harry began to explain, but before he had fini hed more people had arrived and he had to  tart all over again. By the time eight o'clock arrived, every cu hion wa  occupied. Harry moved acro  to the door and turned the key protruding from the lock; it clicked in a  ati fyingly loud way and everybody fell  ilent, looking at him. Hermione carefully marked her page of Jinxe  for the Jinxed and  et the book a ide. 'Well,'  aid Harry,  lightly nervou ly. Thi  i  the place we've found for practice  e ion , and you've - er - obviou ly found it OK.' 'It'  fanta tic!'  aid Cho, and  everal people murmured their agreement. 'It'  bizarre,'  aid Fred, frowning around at it. 'We once hid from Filch in here, remember, George? But it wa  ju t a broom cupboard then.' 'Hey, Harry, what'  thi   tuff?' a ked Dean from the rear of the room, indicating the Sneako cope  and the Foe-Gla . 'Dark detector ,'  aid Harry,  tepping between the cu hion  to reach them. 'Ba ically they all  how when Dark wizard  or enemie  are around, but you don't want to rely on them too much, they can be fooled…' He gazed for a moment into the cracked Foe-Gla ;  hadowy figure  were moving around in ide it, though none wa  recogni able. He turned hi  back on it. 'Well, I've been thinking about the  ort of  tuff we ought to do fir t and - er -' He noticed a rai ed hand. 'What, Hermione?' 'I think we ought to elect a leader,'  aid Hermione. 'Harry'  leader,'  aid Cho at once, looking at Hermione a  though  he were mad. Harry   tomach did yet another back-flip. 'Ye , but I think we ought to vote on it properly,'  aid Hermione, unperturbed. 'It make  it formal and it give  him authority. So -everyone who think  Harry ought to be our leader?' Everybody put up their hand, even Zacharia  Smith, though he did it very half-heartedly. 'Er - right, thank ,'  aid Harry, who could feel hi  face burning. 'And - what, Hermione?' 'I al o think we ought to have a name,'  he  aid brightly, her hand  till in the air. 'It would promote a feeling of team  pirit and unity, don't you think?' 'Can we be the Anti-Umbridge League?'  aid Angelina hopefully. 'Or the Mini try of Magic are Moron  Group?'  ugge ted Fred. 'I wa  thinking,'  aid Hermione, frowning at Fred, 'more of a name that didn't tell everyone what we were up to,  o we can refer to it  afely out ide meeting .' The Defence A ociation?'  aid Cho. The DA for  hort,  o nobody know  what we're talking about?' 'Yeah, the DA'  good,'  aid Ginny. 'Only let'  make it  tand for Dumbledore  Army, becau e that'  the Mini try'  wor t fear, i n't it?' There wa  a good deal of appreciative murmuring and laughter at thi . 'All in favour of the DA?'  aid Hermione bo ily, kneeling up on her cu hion to count. That'  a majority - motion pa ed!' She pinned the piece of parchment with all of their  ignature  on it on to the wall and wrote acro  the top in large letter : 'Right,'  aid Harry, when  he had  at down again, ' hall we get practi ing then? I wa  thinking, the fir t thing we  hould do i  Expelliarmu , you know, the Di arming Charm. I know it'  pretty ba ic but I've found it really u eful -' 'Oh, plea e,'  aid Zacharia  Smith, rolling hi  eye  and folding hi  arm . 'I don't think Expelliarmu  i  exactly going to help u  again t You-Know-Who, do you?' 'I've u ed it again t him,'  aid Harry quietly. 'It  aved my life in June.' Smith opened hi  mouth  tupidly. The re t of the room wa  very quiet. 'But if you think it'  beneath you, you can leave,' Harry  aid. Smith did not move. Nor did anybody el e. 'OK,'  aid Harry, hi  mouth  lightly drier than u ual with all the e eye  upon him, 'I reckon we  hould all divide into pair  and practi e.' It felt very odd to be i uing in truction , but not nearly a  odd a   eeing them followed. Everybody got to their feet at once and divided up. Predictably, Neville wa  left partnerle . 'You can practi e with me,' Harry told him. 'Right - on the count of three, then - one, two, three -' The room wa   uddenly full of  hout  of Expelliarmu . Wand  flew in all direction ; mi ed  pell  hit book  on  helve  and  ent them flying into the air. Harry wa  too quick for Neville, who e wand went  pinning out of hi  hand, hit the ceiling in a  hower of  park  and landed with a clatter on top of a book helf, from which Harry retrieved it with a Summoning Charm. Glancing around, he thought he had been right to  ugge t they practi e the ba ic  fir t; there wa  a lot of  hoddy  pellwork going on; many people were not  ucceeding in Di arming their opponent  at all, but merely cau ing them to jump backward  a few pace  or wince a  their feeble  pell whoo hed over them. 'Expelliarmu !'  aid Neville, and Harry, caught unaware , ielt hi  wand fly out of hi  hand. 'I DID IT!'  aid Neville gleefully. 'I've never done it before - I DID IT!' 'Good one!'  aid Harry encouragingly, deciding not to point out that in a real duel Neville  opponent wa  unlikely to be  taring in the oppo ite direction with hi  wand held loo ely at hi   ide. 'Li ten, Neville, can you take it in turn  to practi e with Ron and Hermione for a couple of minute   o I can walk around and  ee how the re t are doing?' Harry moved off into the middle of the room. Something very odd wa  happening to Zacharia  Smith. Every time he opened hi  mouth to di arm Anthony Gold tein, hi  own wand would fly out of hi  hand, yet Anthony did not  eem to be making a  ound. Harry did not have to look far to  olve the my tery: Fred and George were  everal feet from Smith and taking it in turn  to point their wand  at hi  back. 'Sorry, Harry'  aid George ha tily, when Harry caught hi  eye. 'Couldn't re i t.' Harry walked around the other pair , trying to correct tho e who were doing the  pell wrong. Ginny wa  teamed with Michael Corner;  he wa  doing very well, wherea  Michael wa  either very bad or unwilling to jinx her. Ernie Macmillan wa  flouri hing hi  wand unnece arily, giving hi  partner time to get in under hi  guard; the Creevey brother  were enthu ia tic but erratic and mainly re pon ible for all the book  leaping off the  helve  around them; Luna Lovegood wa   imilarly patchy, occa ionally  ending Ju tin Finch-Fletchley'  wand  pinning out of hi  hand, at other time  merely cau ing hi  hair to  tand on end. 'OK,  top!' Harry  houted. 'Stop! STOP!' I need a whi tle, he thought, and immediately  potted one lying on top of the neare t row of book . He caught it up and blew hard. Everyone lowered their wand . That wa n't bad,'  aid Harry, 'but there'  definite room for improvement.' Zacharia  Smith glared at him. 'Let'  try again.' He moved off around the room again,  topping here and there to make  ugge tion . Slowly, the general performance improved. He avoided going near Cho and her friend for a while, but after walking twice around every other pair in the room felt he could not ignore them any longer. 'Oh no,'  aid Cho rather wildly a  he approached. 'Expelliarmiou ! I mean, Expellimelliu 't't I - oh,  orry, Marietta!' Her curly-haired friend'   leeve had caught fire; Marietta extingui hed it with her own wand and glared at Harry a  though it wa  hi  fault. 'You made me nervou , I wa  doing all right before then!' Cho told Harry ruefully. That wa  quite good,' Harry lied, but when  he rai ed her eyebrow  he  aid, 'Well, no, it wa  lou y, but I know you can do it properly, I wa  watching from over there.' She laughed. Her friend Marietta looked at them rather  ourly and turned away. 'Don't mind her,' Cho muttered. 'She doe n't really want to be here but I made her come with me. Her parent  have forbidden her to do anything that might up et Umbridge. You  ee - her mum work  for the Mini try.' 'What about your parent ?' a ked Harry. 'Well, they've forbidden me to get on the wrong  ide of Umbridge, too,'  aid Cho, drawing her elf up proudly. 'But if they think I'm not going to fight You-Know-Who after what happened to Cedric -' She broke off, looking rather confu ed, and an awkward  ilence fell between them; Terry Boot'  wand went whizzing pa t Harry'  ear and hit Alicia Spinnet hard on the no e. 'Well, my dad i  very  upportive of any anti-Mini try action!'  aid Luna Lovegood proudly from ju t behind Harry; evidently  he had been eave dropping on hi  conver ation while Ju tin Finch-Fletchley attempted to di entangle him elf from the robe  that had flown up over hi  head. 'He'  alway   aying he'd believe anything of Fudge; I mean, the number of goblin  Fudge ha  had a a inated! And of cour e he u e  the Department of My terie  to develop terrible poi on , which he  ecretly feed  to anybody who di agree  with him. And then there'  hi  Umgubular Sla hkilter —' 'Don't a k,' Harry muttered to Cho a   he opened her mouth, looking puzzled. She giggled. 'Hey, Harry,' Hermione called from the other end of the room, 'have you checked the time?' He looked down at hi  watch and wa   hocked to  ee it wa  already ten pa t nine, which meant they needed to get back to their common room  immediately or ri k being caught and puni hed by Filch for being out of bound . He blew hi  whi tle; everybody  topped  houting 'Expelliannu ' and the la t couple of wand  clattered to the floor. 'Well, that wa  pretty good,'  aid Harry, 'but we've overrun, we'd better leave it here. Same time,  ame place next week?' 'Sooner!'  aid Dean Thoma  eagerly and many people nodded in agreement. Angelina, however,  aid quickly The Quidditch  ea on'  about to  tart, we need team practice  too!' 'Let'   ay next Wedne day night, then,'  aid Harry, 'we can decide on additional meeting  then. Come on, we'd better get going.' He pulled out the Marauder'  Map again and checked it carefully for  ign  of teacher  on the  eventh floor. He let them all leave in three  and four , watching their tiny dot  anxiou ly to  ee that they returned  afely to their dormitorie : the Hufflepuff  to the ba ement corridor that al o led to the kitchen ; the Ravenclaw  to a tower on the we t  ide of the ca tle, and the Gryffindor  along the corridor to the Fat Lady'  portrait. 'That wa  really, really good, Harry'  aid Hermione, when finally it wa  ju t her, Harry and Ron who were left. 'Yeah, it wa !'  aid Ron enthu ia tically, a  they  lipped out of the door and watched it melt back into  tone behind them. 'Did you  ee me di arm Hermione, Harry?' 'Only once,'  aid Hermione,  tung. 'I got you load  more than you got me -' 'I did not only get you once, I got you at lea t three time  -' 'Well, if you're counting the one where you tripped over your own feet and knocked the wand out of my hand -' They argued all the way back to the common room, but Harry wa  not li tening to them. He had one eye on the Marauder'  Map, but he wa  al o thinking of Cho  aying he made her nervou . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 19 - The Lion and the Serpent Harry felt a  though he were carrying  ome kind of tali man in ide hi  che t over the following two week , a glowing  ecret that  upported him through Umbridge'  cla e  and even made it po ible for him to  mile blandly a  he looked into her horrible bulging eye . He and the DA were re i ting her under her very no e, doing the very thing  he and the Mini try mo t feared, and whenever he wa   uppo ed to be reading Wilbert Slinkhard'  book during her le on  he dwelled in tead on  ati fying memorie  of their mo t recent meeting , remembering how Neville had  ucce fully di armed Hermione, how Colin Creevey had ma tered the Impediment Jinx after three meeting ' hard effort, how Parvati Patil had produced  uch a good Reductor Cur e that  he had reduced the table carrying all the Sneako cope  to du t. He wa  finding it almo t impo ible to fix a regular night of the week for the DA meeting , a  they had to accommodate three  eparate team'  Quidditch practice , which were often rearranged due to bad weather condition ; but Harry wa  not  orry about thi ; he had a feeling that it wa  probably better to keep the timing of their meeting  unpredictable. If anyone wa  watching them, it would be hard to make out a pattern. Hermione  oon devi ed a very clever method of communicating the time and date of the next meeting to all the member  in ca e they needed to change it at  hort notice, becau e it would look  u piciou  if people from different Hou e  were  een cro ing the Great Hall to talk to each other too often. She gave each of the member  of the DA a fake Galleon (Ron became very excited when he fir t  aw the ba ket and wa  convinced  he wa  actually giving out gold). 'You  ee the numeral  around the edge of the coin ?' Hermione  aid, holding one up for examination at the end of their fourth meeting. The coin gleamed fat and yellow in the light from the torche . 'On real Galleon  that'  ju t a  erial number referring to the goblin who ca t the coin. On the e fake coin , though, the number  will change to reflect the time and date of the next meeting. The coin  will grow hot when the date change ,  o if you're carrying them in a pocket you'll be able to feel them. We take one each, and when Harry  et  the date of the next meeting he'll change the number  on hi  coin, and becau e I've put a Protean Charm on them, they'll all change to mimic hi .' A blank  ilence greeted Hermione'  word . She looked around at all the face  upturned to her, rather di concerted. 'Well - I thought it wa  a good idea,'  he  aid uncertainly, 'I mean, even if Umbridge a ked u  to turn out our pocket , there'  nothing fi hy about carrying a Galleon, i  there? But… well, if you don't want to u e them -' 'You can do a Protean Charm?'  aid Terry Boot. 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione. 'But that' … that'  NEWT  tandard, that i ,' he  aid weakly. 'Oh,'  aid Hermione, trying to look mode t. 'Oh… well… ye , I  uppo e it i .' 'How come you're not in Ravenclaw?' he demanded,  taring at Hermione with  omething clo e to wonder. 'With brain  like your ?' 'Well, the Sorting Hat did  eriou ly con ider putting me in Ravenclaw during my Sorting,'  aid Hermione brightly, 'but it decided on Gryffindor in the end. So, doe  that mean we're u ing the Galleon ?' There wa  a murmur of a ent and everybody moved forward  to collect one from the ba ket. Harry looked  ideway  at Hermione. 'You know what the e remind me of?' 'No, what'  that?' The Death Eater '  car . Voldemort touche  one of them, and all their  car  burn, and they know they've got to join him.' 'Well… ye ,'  aid Hermione quietly, 'that i  where I got the idea • •. but you'll notice I decided to engrave the date on bit  of metal rather than on our member '  kin.' 'Yeah… I prefer your way,'  aid Harry, grinning, a  he  lipped hi  Galleon into hi  pocket. '1  uppo e the only danger with the e i  that we might accidentally  pend them.' 'Fat chance,'  aid Ron, who wa  examining hi  own fake Galleon with a  lightly mournful air, 'I haven't got any real Galleon  to confu e it with.' A  the fir t Quidditch match of the  ea on, Gryffindor ver u  Slytherin, drew nearer, their DA meeting  were put on hold becau e Angelina in i ted on almo t daily practice . The fact that the Quidditch Cup had not been held for  o long added con iderably to the intere t and excitement  urrounding the forthcoming game; the Ravenclaw  and Hufflepuff  were taking a lively intere t in the outcome, for they, of cour e, would be playing both team  over the coming year; and the Head  of Hou e of the competing team , though they attempted to di gui e it under a decent pretence of  port man hip, were determined to  ee their own  ide victoriou . Harry reali ed how much Profe or McGonagall cared about beating Slytherin when  he ab tained from giving them homework in the week leading up to the match. 'I think you've got enough to be getting on with at the moment,'  he  aid loftily. Nobody could quite believe their ear  until  he looked directly at Harry and Ron and  aid grimly, 'I've become accu tomed to  eeing the Quidditch Cup in my  tudy, boy , and I really don't want to have to hand it over to Profe or Snape,  o u e the extra time to practi e, won't you?' Snape wa  no le  obviou ly parti an; he had booked the Quidditch pitch for Slytherin practice  o often that the Gryffindor  had difficulty getting on it to play. He wa  al o turning a deaf ear to the many report  of Slytherin attempt  to hex Gryffindor player  in the corridor . When Alicia Spinnet turned up in the ho pital wing with her eyebrow  growing  o thick and fa t they ob cured her vi ion and ob tructed her mouth, Snape in i ted that  he mu t have attempted a Hair-thickening Charm on her elf and refu ed to li ten to the fourteen eye-witne e  who in i ted they had  een the Slytherin Keeper, Mile  Bletchley, hit her from behind with a jinx while  he worked in the library. Harry felt optimi tic about Gryffindor'  chance ; they had, after all, never lo t to Malfoy'  team. Admittedly, Ron wa   till not performing to Wood'   tandard, but he wa  working extremely hard to improve. Hi  greate t weakne  wa  a tendency to lo e confidence after he'd made a blunder; if he let in one goal he became flu tered and wa  therefore likely to mi  more. On the other hand, Harry had  een Ron make  ome truly  pectacular  ave  when he wa  on form; during one memorable practice he had hung one-handed from hi  broom and kicked the Quaffle  o hard away from the goalhoop that it  oared the length of the pitch and through the centre hoop at the other end; the re t of the team felt thi   ave compared favourably with one made recently by Barry Ryan, the Iri h International Keeper, again t Poland'  top Cha er, Ladi law Zamoj ki. Even Fred had  aid that Ron might yet make him and George proud, and that they were  eriou ly con idering admitting he wa  related to them,  omething they a ured him they had been trying to deny for four year . The only thing really worrying Harry wa  how much Ron wa  allowing the tactic  of the Slytherin team to up et him before they even got on to the pitch. Harry, of cour e, had endured their  nide comment  for over four year ,  o whi per  of, 'Hey, Potty, I heard Warrington'   worn to knock you off your broom on Saturday', far from chilling hi  blood, made him laugh. 'Warrington'  aim'   o pathetic I'd be more worried if he wa  aiming for the per on next to me,' he retorted, which made Ron and Hermione laugh and wiped the  mirk off Pan y Parkin on  face. But Ron had never endured a relentle  campaign of in ult , jeer  and intimidation. When Slytherin ,  ome of them  eventh-year  and con iderably larger than he wa , muttered a  they pa ed in the corridor , 'Got your bed booked in the ho pital wing, Wea ley?' he didn't laugh, but turned a delicate  hade of green. When Draco Malfoy imitated Ron dropping the Quaffle (which he did whenever they came within  ight of each other), Ron'  ear  glowed red and hi  hand   hook  o badly that he wa  likely to drop whatever he wa  holding at the time, too. October extingui hed it elf in a ru h of howling wind  and driving rain and November arrived, cold a  frozen iron, with hard iro t  every morning and icy draught  that bit at expo ed hand  and face . The  kie  and the ceiling of the Great Hall turned a pale, pearly grey, the mountain  around Hogwart  were  nowcapped, and the temperature in the ca tle dropped  o low that many  tudent  wore their thick protective dragon kin glove  in the corridor  between le on . The morning of the match dawned bright and cold. When Harry awoke he looked round at Ron'  bed and  aw him  itting bolt upright, hi  arm  around hi  knee ,  taring fixedly into  pace. 'You all right?'  aid Harry. Ron nodded but did not  peak. Harry wa  reminded forcibly of the time Ron had accidentally put a Slug-vomiting Charm on him elf; he looked ju t a  pale and  weaty a  he had done then, not to mention a  reluctant to open hi  mouth. 'You ju t need  ome breakfa t,' Harry  aid bracingly. 'C'mon.' The Great Hall wa  filling up fa t when they arrived, the talk louder and the mood more exuberant than u ual. A  they pa ed the Slytherin table there wa  an up urge of noi e. Harry looked round and  aw that, in addition to the u ual green and  ilver  carve  and hat , every one of them wa  wearing a  ilver badge in the  hape of what  eemed to be a crown. For  ome rea on many of them waved at Ron, laughing uproariou ly. Harry tried to  ee what wa  written on the badge  a  he walked by, but he wa  too concerned to get Ron pa t their table quickly to linger long enough to read them. They received a rou ing welcome at the Gryffindor table, where everyone wa  wearing red and gold, but far from rai ing Ron'   pirit  the cheer   eemed to  ap the la t of hi  morale; he collap ed on to the neare t bench looking a  though he were facing hi  final meal. 'I mu t've been mental to do thi ,' he  aid in a croaky whi per. 'Mental.' 'Don't be thick,'  aid Harry firmly, pa ing him a choice of cereal , 'you're going to be fine. It'  normal to be nervou .' 'I'm rubbi h,' croaked Ron. 'I'm lou y. I can't play to  ave my life. What wa  I thinking?' 'Get a grip,'  aid Harry  ternly. 'Look at that  ave you made with your foot the other day, even Fred and George  aid it wa  brilliant.' Ron turned a tortured face to Harry. That wa  an accident,' he whi pered mi erably. 'I didn't mean to do it - I  lipped off my broom when none of you were looking and when I wa  trying to get back on I kicked the Quaffle by accident.' 'Well,'  aid Harry, recovering quickly from thi  unplea ant  urpri e, 'a few more accident  like that and the game'  in the bag, i n't it?' Hermione and Ginny  at down oppo ite them wearing red and gold  carve , glove  and ro ette . 'How're you feeling?' Ginny a ked Ron, who wa  now  taring into the dreg  of milk at the bottom of hi  empty cereal bowl a  though  eriou ly con idering attempting to drown him elf in them. 'He'  ju t nervou ,'  aid Harry. 'Well, that'  a good  ign, I never feel you perform a  well in exam  if you're not a bit nervou ,'  aid Hermione heartily. 'Hello,'  aid a vague and dreamy voice from behind them. Harry looked up: Luna Lovegood had drifted over from the Ravenclaw table. Many people were  taring at her and a few were openly laughing and pointing;  he had managed to procure a hat  haped like a life- ize lion'  head, which wa  perched precariou ly on her head. 'I'm  upporting Gryffindor,'  aid Luna, pointing unnece arily at her hat. 'Look what it doe …' She reached up and tapped the hat with her wand. It opened it  mouth wide and gave an extremely reali tic roar that made everyone in the vicinity jump. 'It'  good, i n't it?'  aid Luna happily. 'I wanted to have it chewing up a  erpent to repre ent Slytherm, you know, but there wa n't time. Anyway… good luck, Ronald!' She drifted away. They had not quite recovered from the  hock of Luna'  hat before Angelina came hurrying toward  them, accompanied by Katie and Alicia, who e eyebrow  had mercifully been returned to normal by Madam Pomfrey. 'When you're ready'  he  aid, 'we're going to go  traight down to the pitch, check out condition  and change.' 'We'll be there in a bit,' Harry a ured her. 'Ron'  ju t got to have  ome breakfa t.' It became clear after ten minute , however, that Ron wa  not capable of eating anything more and Harry thought it be t to get him down to the changing room . A  they ro e from the table, Hermione got up, too, and taking Harry'  arm  he drew him to one  ide. 'Don't let Ron  ee what'  on tho e Slytherin ' badge ,'  he whi pered urgently. Harry looked que tioningly at her, but  he  hook her head warn-ingly; Ron had ju t ambled over to them, looking lo t and de perate. 'Good luck, Ron,'  aid Hermione,  tanding on tiptoe and ki ing him on the cheek. 'And you, Harry -' Ron  eemed to come to him elf  lightly a  they walked back acro  the Great Hall. He touched the  pot on hi  face where Hermione had ki ed him, looking puzzled, a  though he wa  not quite  ure what had ju t happened. He  eemed too di tracted to notice much around him, but Harry ca t a curiou  glance at the crown- haped badge  a  they pa ed the Slytherin table, and thi  time he made out the word  etched on to them: Wea ley i  our King With an unplea ant feeling that thi  could mean nothing good, he hurried Ron acro  the Entrance Hall, down the  tone  tep  and out into the icy air. The fro ty gra  crunched under their feet a  they hurried down the  loping lawn  toward  the  tadium. There wa  no wind at all and the  ky wa  a uniform pearly white, which meant that vi ibility would be good without the drawback of direct  unlight in the eye . Harry pointed out the e encouraging factor  to Ron a  they walked, but he wa  not  ure that Ron wa  li tening. Angelina had changed already and wa  talking to the re t of the team when they entered. Harry and Ron pulled on their robe  (Ron attempted to do hi  up back-to-front for  everal minute  before Alicia took pity on him and went to help), then  at down to li ten to the pre-match talk while the babble of voice  out ide grew  teadily louder a  the crowd came pouring out of the ca tle toward  the pitch. 'OK, I've only ju t found out the final line-up for Slytherin,'  aid Angelina, con ulting a piece of parchment. 'La t year'  Beater , Derrick and Bole, have left, but it look  a  though Montague'  replaced them with the u ual gorilla , rather than anyone who can fly particularly well. They're two bloke  called Crabbe and Goyle, I don't know much about them -' 'We do,'  aid Harry and Ron together. 'Well, they don't look bright enough to tell one end of a broom from the other,'  aid Angelina, pocketing her parchment, 'but then I wa  alway   urpri ed Derrick and Bole managed to find their way on to the pitch without  ignpo t .' 'Crabbe and Goyle are in the  ame mould,' Harry a ured her. They could hear hundred  of foot tep  mounting the banked benche  of the  pectator '  tand . Some people were  inging, though Harry could not make out the word . He wa   tarting to feel nervou , but he knew hi  butterflie  were a  nothing compared to Ron' , who wa  clutching hi   tomach and  taring  traight ahead again, hi  jaw  et and hi  complexion pale grey. 'It'  time,'  aid Angelina in a hu hed voice, looking at her watch. 'C'mon everyone… good luck.' The team ro e,  houldered their broom  and marched in  ingle file out of the changing room and into the dazzling  unlight. A roar of  ound greeted them in which Harry could  till hear  inging, though it wa  muffled by the cheer  and whi tle . The Slytherin team wa   tanding waiting for them. They, too, were wearing tho e  ilver crown- haped badge . The new Captain, Montague, wa  built along the  ame line  a  Dudley Dur ley, with ma ive forearm  like hairy ham . Behind him lurked Crabbe and Goyle, almo t a  large, blinking  tupidly in the  unlight,  winging their new Beater ' bat . Malfoy  tood to one  ide, the  unlight gleaming on hi  white-blond head. He caught Harry'  eye and  mirked, tapping the crown- haped badge on hi  che t. 'Captain ,  hake hand ,' ordered the referee Madam Hooch, a  Angelina and Montague reached each other. Harry could tell that Montague wa  trying to cru h Angelina'  finger , though  he did not wince. 'Mount your broom …' Madam Hooch placed her whi tle in her mouth and blew. The ball  were relea ed and the fourteen player   hot upward . Out of the corner of hi  eye Harry  aw Ron  treak off toward  the goalhoop . Harry zoomed higher, dodging a Bludger, and  et off on a wide lap of the pitch, gazing around for a glint of gold; on the other  ide of the  tadium, Draco Malfoy wa  doing exactly the  ame. 'And it'  John on -John on with the Quaffle, what a player that girl i , I've been  aying it for year  but  he  till won't go out with me -' 'JORDAN!' yelled Profe or McGonagall. '- ju t a fun fact, Profe or, add  a bit of intere t - and  he'  ducked Warrington,  he'  pa ed Montague,  he'  — ouch - been hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe… Montague catche  the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and - nice Bludger there from George Wea ley, that'  a Bludger to the head for Montague, he drop  the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor rever e-pa e  to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet'  away -' Lee Jordan'  commentary rang through the  tadium and Harry li tened a  hard a  he could through the wind whi tling in hi  ear  and the din of the crowd, all yelling and booing and  inging. '- dodge  Warrington, avoid  a Bludger - clo e call, Alicia - and the crowd are loving thi , ju t li ten to them, what'  that they're  inging?' And a  Lee pau ed to li ten, the  ong ro e loud and clear from the  ea of green and  ilver in the Slytherin  ection of the  tand : 'Wea ley cannot  ave a thing, He cannot block a  ingle ring, That'  why Slytherin  all  ing: Wea ley i  our King. 'Wea ley wa  born in a bin He alway  let  the Quaffle in Wea ley will make  ure we win Wea ley i  our King.' '— and Alicia pa e  back to Angelina!' Lee  houted, and a  Harry  werved, hi  in ide  boiling at what he had ju t heard, he knew Lee wa  trying to drown out the word  of the  ong. 'Come on now, Angelina — look  like  he'  got ju t the Keeper to beat! - SHE SHOOTS - SHE - aaaah…' Bletchley, the Slytherin Keeper, had  aved the goal; he threw the Quaffle to Warrington who  ped off with it, zig-zagging in between Alicia and Katie; the  inging from below grew louder and louder a  he drew nearer and nearer Ron. 'Wea ley i  our King, Wea ley i  our King, He alway  let  the Quaffle in Wea ley i  our King.' Harry could not help him elf: abandoning hi   earch for the Snitch, he wheeled around to watch Ron, a lone figure at the far end of the pitch, hovering before the three goalhoop  while the ma ive Warrington pelted toward  him. '- and it'  Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington heading for goal, he'  out of Bludger range with ju t the Keeper ahead -' A great  well of  ong ro e from the Slytherin  tand  below: 'Wea ley cannot  ave a thing, He cannot block a  ingle ring…" '-  o it'  the fir t te t for new Gryffindor Keeper Wea ley, brother of Beater  Fred and George, and a promi ing new talent on the team - come on, Ron!' But the  cream of delight came from the Slytherin ' end: Ron had dived wildly, hi  arm  wide, and the Quaffle had  oared between them  traight through Ron'  central hoop. 'Slytherin  core!' came Lee'  voice amid the cheering and booing from the crowd  below, ' o that'  ten-nil to Slytherin - bad luck, Ron.' The Slytherin   ang even louder: 'WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN…' '- and Gryffindor back in po e ion and it'  Katie Bell tanking up the pitch -' cried Lee valiantly, though the  inging wa  now  o deafening that he could hardly make him elf heard above it. 'WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN WEASLEY IS OUR KING…' 'Harry, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?'  creamed Angelina,  oaring pa t him to keep up with Katie. 'GET GOING!' Harry reali ed he had been  tationary in midair for over a minute, watching the progre  of the match without  paring a thought for the whereabout  of the Snitch; horrified, he went into a dive and  tarted circling the pitch again,  taring around, trying to ignore the choru  now thundering through the  tadium: 'WEASLEY IS OUR K1NC, WEASLEY IS OUR KING…' There wa  no  ign of the Snitch anywhere he looked; Malfoy wa   till circling the  tadium ju t a  he wa . They pa ed one another midway around the pitch, going in oppo ite direction , and Harry heard Malfoy  inging loudly: 'WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN…' '— and it'  Warrington again,' bellowed Lee, 'who pa e  to Pucey, Pucey'  off pa t Spinnet, come on now, Angelina, you can take him - turn  out you can't - but nice Bludger from Fred Wea ley, I mean, George Wea ley, oh, who care , one of them, anyway, and Warrington drop  the Quaffle and Katie Bell — er - drop  it, too -  o that'  Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague take  the Quaffle and he'  off up the pitch, come on now, Gryffindor, block him!' Harry zoomed around the end of the  tadium behind the Slytherin goalhoop , willing him elf not to look at what wa  going on at Ron'  end. A  he  ped pa t the Slytherin Keeper, he heard Bletchley  inging along with the crowd below: 'WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A TH7NG…" '- and Pucey'  dodged Alicia again and he'  heading  traight for goal,  top it, Ron!' Harry did not have to look to  ee what had happened: there wa  a terrible groan from the Gryffindor end, coupled with fre h  cream  and applau e from the Slytherin . Looking down, Harry  aw the pug-faced Pan y Parkin on right at the front of the  tand , her back to the pitch a   he conducted the Slytherin  upporter  who were roaring: THAT'S WHY SLYTHERINS ALL SING WEASLEY IS OUR KING.' But twenty-nil wa  nothing, there wa   till time for Gryffindor to catch up or catch the Snitch. A few goal  and they would be in the lead a  u ual, Harry a ured him elf, bobbing and weaving through the other player  in pur uit of  omething  hiny that turned out to be Montague'  watch trap. But Ron let in two more goal . There wa  an edge of panic in Harry'  de ire to find the Snitch now. If he could ju t get it  oon and fini h the game quickly. '- and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodge  Pucey, duck  Montague, nice  werve, Katie, and  he throw  to John on, Angelina John on take  the Quaffle,  he'  pa t Warrington,  he'  heading for goal, come on now, Angelina - GRYFFINDOR SCORE! It'  forty-ten, forty-ten to Slytherin and Pucey ha  the Quaffle Harry could hear Luna'  ludicrou  lion hat roaring amid t the Gryffindor cheer  and felt heartened; only thirty point  in it, that wa  nothing, they could pull back ea ily. Harry ducked a Bludger that Crabbe had  ent rocketing in hi  direction and re umed hi  frantic  couring of the pitch for the Snitch, keeping one eye on Malfoy in ca e he  howed  ign  of having  potted it, but Malfoy, like him, wa  continuing to  oar around the  tadium,  earching fruitle ly… '— Pucey throw  to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Montague back to Pucey -John on intervene , John on take  the Quaffle, John on to Bell, thi  look  good - I mean bad - Bell  hit by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and it'  Pucey in po e ion 'WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN ->. WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN But Harry had  een it at la t: the tiny fluttering Golden Snitch wa  hovering feet from the ground at the Slytherin end of the pitch. He dived… In a matter of  econd , Malfoy wa   treaking out of the  ky on Harry'  left, a green and  ilver blur lying flat on hi  broom… The Snitch  kirted the foot of one of the goalhoop  and  cooted off toward  the other  ide of the  tand ; it  change of direction  uited Malfoy, who wa  nearer; Harry pulled hi  Firebolt around, he and Malfoy were now neck and neck… Feet from the ground, Harry lifted hi  right hand from hi  broom,  tretching toward  the Snitch… to hi  right, Malfoy'  arm extended too, wa  reaching, groping… It wa  over in two breathle , de perate, wind wept  econd  -Harry'  finger  clo ed around the tiny,  truggling ball - Malfoy'  fingernail   crabbled the back of Harry  hand hopele ly - Harry pulled hi  broom upward , holding the  truggling ball in hi  hand and the Gryffindor  pectator   creamed their approval… They were  aved, it did not matter that Ron had let in tho e goal , nobody would remember a  long a  Gryffindor had won - WHAM. A Bludger hit Harry  quarely in the  mall of the back and he flew forward  off hi  broom. Luckily he wa  only five or  ix feet above the ground, having dived  o low to catch the Snitch, but he wa  winded all the  ame a  he landed flat on hi  back on the frozen pitch. He heard Madam Hooch'   hrill whi tle, an uproar in the  tand  compounded of catcall , angry yell  and jeering, a thud, then Angelina  frantic voice. 'Are you all right?' 'Cour e I am,'  aid Harry grimly, taking her hand and allowing her to pull him to hi  feet. Madam Hooch wa  zooming toward  one of the Slytherin player  above him, though he could not  ee who it wa  from thi  angle. 'It wa  that thug Crabbe,'  aid Angelina angrily, 'he whacked the Bludger at you the moment he  aw you'd got the Snitch - but we won, Harry, we won!' Harry heard a  nort from behind him and turned around,  till holding the Snitch tightly in hi  hand: Draco Malfoy had landed clo e by. White-faced with fury, he wa   till managing to  neer. 'Saved Wea ley'  neck, haven't you?' he  aid to Harry. 'I've never  een a wor e Keeper… but then he wa  born in a bin… did you like my lyric , Potter?' Harry didn't an wer. He turned away to meet the re t of the team who were now landing one by one, yelling and punching the air in triumph; all except Ron, who had di mounted from hi  broom over by the goalpo t  and  eemed to be making hi  way  lowly back to the changing room  alone. 'We wanted to write another couple of ver e !' Malfoy called, a  Katie and Alicia hugged Harry. 'But we couldn't find rhyme  for fat and ugly - we wanted to  ing about hi  mother,  ee -' Talk about  our grape ,'  aid Angelina, ca ting Malfoy a di gu ted look. '- we couldn't fit in u ele  lo er either - for hi  father, you know -' Fred and George had reali ed what Malfoy wa  talking about. Halfway through  haking Harry'  hand, they  tiffened, looking round at Malfoy. 'Leave it!'  aid Angelina at once, taking Fred by the arm. 'Leave it, Fred, let him yell, he'  ju t  ore he lo t, the jumped-up little -' '- but you like the Wea ley , don't you, Potter?'  aid Malfoy,  neering. 'Spend holiday  there and everything, don't you? Can't  ee how you  tand the  tink, but I  uppo e when you've been dragged up by Muggle , even the Wea ley ' hovel  mell  OK -' Harry grabbed hold of George. Meanwhile, it wa  taking the combined effort  of Angelina, Alicia and Katie to  top Fred leaping on Malfoy, who wa  laughing openly. Harry looked around for Madam Hooch, but  he wa   till berating Crabbe for hi  illegal Sludger attack. 'Or perhap ,'  aid Malfoy, leering a  he backed away, 'you can remember what your mother'  hou e  tank like, Potter, and Wea ley  pig ty remind  you of it —' Harry wa  not aware of relea ing George, all he knew wa  that a  econd later both of them were  printing toward  Malfoy. He had completely forgotten that all the teacher  were watching: all he wanted to do wa  cau e Malfoy a  much pain a  po ible; with no time to draw out hi  wand, he merely drew back the fi t clutching the Snitch and  ank it a  hard a  he could into Malfoy   tomach - 'Harry! HARRY! GEORGE! NO/' He could hear girl ' voice   creaming, Malfoy yelling, George  wearing, a whi tle blowing and the bellowing of the crowd around him, but he did not care. Not until  omebody in the vicinity yelled 'Impedimenta!' and he wa  knocked over backward  by the force of the  pell, did he abandon the attempt to punch every inch of Malfoy he could reach. 'What do you think you're doing?'  creamed Madam Hooch, a  Harry leapt to hi  feet. It  eemed to have been her who had hit him with the Impediment Jinx;  he wa  holding her whi tle in one hand and a wand in the other; her broom lay abandoned  everal feet away. Malfoy wa  curled up on the ground, whimpering and moaning, hi  no e bloody; George wa   porting a  wollen lip; Fred wa   till being forcibly re trained by the three Cha er , and Crabbe wa  cackling in the background. 'I've never  een behaviour like it - back up to the ca tle, both of you, and  traight to your Head of Hou e'  office! Go! Now.'' Harry and George turned on their heel  and marched off the pitch, both panting, neither  aying a word to the other. The howling and jeering of the crowd grew fainter and fainter until they reached the Entrance Hall, where they could hear nothing except the  ound of their own foot tep . Harry became aware that  omething wa   till  truggling in hi  right hand, the knuckle  of which he had brui ed again t Malfoy'  jaw. Looking down, he  aw the Snitch'   ilver wing  protruding from between hi  finger ,  truggling for relea e. They had barely reached the door of Profe or McGonagall'  office when  he came marching along the corridor behind them. She wa  wearing a Gryffindor  carf, but tore it from her throat with  haking hand  a   he  trode toward  them, looking livid. 'In!'  he  aid furiou ly, pointing to the door. Harry and George entered. She  trode around behind her de k and faced them, quivering with rage a   he threw the Gryffindor  carf a ide on to the floor. 'Well?'  he  aid. 'I have never  een  uch a di graceful exhibition. Two on one! Explain your elve !' 'Malfoy provoked u ,'  aid Harry  tiffly. 'Provoked you?'  houted Profe or McGonagall,  lamming a fi t on to her de k  o that her tartan tin  lid  ideway  off it and bur t open, littering the floor with Ginger Newt . 'He'd ju t lo t, hadn't he? Of cour e he wanted to provoke you! But what on earth he can have  aid that ju tified what you two —' 'He in ulted my parent ,'  narled George. 'And Harry'  mother.' 'But in tead of leaving it to Madam Hooch to  ort out, you two decided to give an exhibition of Muggle duelling, did you?' bellowed Profe or McGonagall. 'Have you any idea what you've -?' 'Hem, hem.' Harry and George both wheeled round. Dolore  Umbridge wa   tanding in the doorway wrapped in a green tweed cloak that greatly enhanced her re emblance to a giant toad, and wa   miling in the horrible,  ickly, ominou  way that Harry had come to a ociate with imminent mi ery. 'May I help, Profe or McGonagall?' a ked Profe or Umbridge in her mo t poi onou ly  weet voice. Blood ru hed into Profe or McGonagall'  face. 'Help?'  he repeated, in a con tricted voice. 'What do you mean, help?' Profe or Umbridge moved forward  into the office,  till  miling her  ickly  mile. 'Why, I thought you might be grateful for a little extra authority' Harry would not have been  urpri ed to  ee  park  fly from Profe or McGonagall'  no tril . 'You thought wrong,'  he  aid, turning her back on Umbridge. 'Now, you two had better li ten clo ely. I do not care what provocation Malfoy offered you, I do not care if he in ulted every family member you po e , your behaviour wa  di gu ting and I am giving each of you a week'  worth of detention ! Do not look at me like that, Potter, you de erve it! And if either of you ever -' 'Hem, hem.' Profe or McGonagall clo ed her eye  a  though praying for patience a   he turned her face toward  Profe or Umbridge again. 'Ye ?' 'I think they de erve rather more than detention ,'  aid Umbridge,  miling  till more broadly. Profe or McGonagall'  eye  flew open. 'But unfortunately'  he  aid, with an attempt at a reciprocal  mile that made her look a  though  he had lockjaw, 'it i  what I think that count , a  they are in my Hou e, Dolore .' 'Well, actually, Minerva,'  impered Profe or Umbridge, 'I think you'll find that what I think doe  count. Now, where i  it? Corneliu  ju t  ent it… I mean,'  he gave a fal e little laugh a   he rummaged in her handbag, 'the Mini ter ju t  ent it… ah ye …" She had pulled out a piece of parchment which  he now unfurled, clearing her throat fu ily before  tarting to read what it  aid. 'Hem, hem… “Educational Decree Number Twenty-five”.' 'Not another one!' exclaimed Profe or McGonagall violently. 'Well, ye ,'  aid Umbridge,  till  miling. 'A  a matter of fact, Minerva, it wa  you who made me  ee that we needed a further amendment… you remember how you overrode me, when I wa  unwilling to allow the Gryffindor Quidditch team to re-form? How you took the ca e to Dumbledore, who in i ted that the team be allowed to play? Well, now, I couldn't have that. I contacted the Mini ter at once, and he quite agreed with me that the High Inqui itor ha  to have the power to  trip pupil  of privilege , or  he - that i  to  ay, I - would have le  authority than common teacher ! And you  ee now, don't you, Minerva, how right I wa  in attempting to  top the Gryffindor team re-forming? Dreadful temper … anyway, I wa  reading out our amendment… hem, hem… “the High Inqui itor will henceforth have  upreme authority over all puni hment ,  anction  and removal of privilege  pertaining to the  tudent  of Hogwart , and the power to alter  uch puni hment ,  anction  and removal  of privilege  a  may have been ordered by other  taff member . Signed, Corneliu  Fudge, Mini ter for Magic, Order of Merlin Fir t Cla , etc., etc.”' She rolled up the parchment and put it back into her handbag,  till  miling. 'So… I really think I will have to ban the e two from playing Quidditch ever again,'  he  aid, looking from Harry to George and back again. Harry felt the Snitch fluttering madly in hi  hand. 'Ban u ?' he  aid, and hi  voice  ounded  trangely di tant. 'From playing… ever again?' 'Ye , Mr Potter, I think a lifelong ban ought to do the trick,'  aid Umbridge, her  mile widening  till further a   he watched him  truggle to comprehend what  he had  aid. 'You and Mr Wea ley here. And I think, to be  afe, thi  young man'  twin ought to be  topped, too - if hi  teammate  had not re trained him, I feel  ure he would have attacked young Mr Malfoy a  well. I will want their broom tick  confi cated, of cour e; I  hall keep them  afely in my office, to make  ure there i  no infringement of my ban. But I am not unrea onable, Profe or McGonagall,'  he continued, turning back to Profe or McGonagall who wa  now  tanding a   till a  though carved from ice,  taring at her. The re t of the team can continue playing, I  aw no  ign  of violence from any of them. Well… good afternoon to you.' And with a look of the utmo t  ati faction, Umbridge left the room, leaving a horrified  ilence in her wake. * 'Banned,'  aid Angelina in a hollow voice, late that evening in the common room. 'Banned. No Seeker and no Beater … what on earth are we going to do?' It did not feel a  though they had won the match at all. Everywhere Harry looked there were di con olate and angry face ; the team them elve  were  lumped around the fire, all apart from Ron, who had not been  een  ince the end of the match. 'It'  ju t  o unfair,'  aid Alicia numbly. 'I mean, what about Crabbe and that Bludger he hit after the whi tle had been blown? Ha   he banned htm?' 'No,'  aid Ginny mi erably;  he and Hermione were  itting on either  ide of Harry. 'He ju t got line , I heard Montague laughing about it at dinner.' 'And banning Fred when he didn't even do anything!'  aid Alicia furiou ly, pummelling her knee with her fi t. 'It'  not my fault I didn't,'  aid Fred, with a very ugly look on hi  face, '1 would've pounded the little  cumbag to a pulp if you three hadn't been holding me back.' Harry  tared mi erably at the dark window. Snow wa  falling. The Snitch he had caught earlier wa  now zooming around and around the common room; people were watching it  progre  a  though hypnoti ed and Crook hank  wa  leaping from chair to chair, trying to catch it. 'I'm going to bed,'  aid Angelina, getting  lowly to her feet. 'Maybe thi  will all turn out to have been a bad dream… maybe I'll wake up tomorrow and find we haven't played yet…' She wa   oon followed by Alicia and Katie. Fred and George  loped off to bed  ome time later, glowering at everyone they pa ed, and Ginny went not long after that. Only Harry and Hermione were left be ide the fire. 'Have you  een Ron?' Hermione a ked in a low voice. Harry  hook hi  head. 'I think he'  avoiding u ,'  aid Hermione. 'Where do you think he-?' But at that preci e moment, there wa  a creaking  ound behind them a  the Fat Lady  wung forward  and Ron came clambering through the portrait hole. He wa  very pale indeed and there wa   now in hi  hair. When he  aw Harry and Hermione, he  topped dead in hi  track . 'Where have you been?'  aid Hermione anxiou ly,  pringing up. 'Walking,' Ron mumbled. He wa   till wearing hi  Quidditch thing . 'You look frozen,'  aid Hermione. 'Come and  it down!' Ron walked to the fire ide and  ank into the chair furthe t from Harry' , not looking at him. The  tolen Snitch zoomed over their head . 'I'm  orry,' Ron mumbled, looking at hi  feet. 'What for?'  aid Harry. 'For thinking I can play Quidditch,'  aid Ron. 'I'm going to re ign fir t thing tomorrow.' 'If you re ign,'  aid Harry te tily, 'there'll only be three player  left on the team.' And when Ron looked puzzled, he  aid, 'I've been given a lifetime ban. So've Fred and George.' 'What?' Ron yelped. Hermione told him the full  tory; Harry could not bear to tell it again. When  he had fini hed, Ron looked more angui hed than ever. Thi  i  all my fault -' 'You didn't make me punch Malfoy,'  aid Harry angrily. '- if I wa n't  o terrible at Quidditch -' '- it'  got nothing to do with that.' '- it wa  that  ong that wound me up -' '- it would've wound anyone up.' Hermione got up and walked to the window, away from the argument, watching the  now  wirling down again t the pane. 'Look, drop it, will you!' Harry bur t out. 'It'  bad enough, without you blaming your elf for everything!' Ron  aid nothing but  at gazing mi erably at the damp hem of hi  robe . After a while he  aid in a dull voice, 'Thi  i  the wor t I've ever felt in my life.' 'Join the club,'  aid Harry bitterly. 'Well,'  aid Hermione, her voice trembling  lightly. 'I can think of one thing that might cheer you both up.' 'Oh yeah?'  aid Harry  keptically. 'Yeah,'  aid Hermione, turning away from the pitch-black,  now-flecked window, a broad  mile  preading acro  her face. 'Hagrid  back.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 20 - Hagrid'  Tal e Harry  printed up to the boy ' dormitorie  to fetch the Invi ibility Cloak and the Marauder'  Map from hi  trunk; he wa   o quick that he and Ron were ready to leave at lea t five minute  before Hermione hurried back down from the girl ' dormitorie , wearing  carf, glove  and one of her own knobbly elf hat . 'Well, it'  cold out there!'  he  aid defen ively, a  Ron clicked hi  tongue impatiently. They crept through the portrait hole and covered them elve  ha tily in the Cloak - Ron had grown  o much he now needed to crouch to prevent hi  feet  howing - then, moving  lowly and cautiou ly, they proceeded down the many  tairca e , pau ing at interval  to check on the map for  ign  of Filch or Mr . Norri . They were lucky; they  aw nobody but Nearly Headle  Nick, who wa  gliding along ab ent-mindedly humming  omething that  ounded horribly like 'Wea ley i  our King'. They crept acro  the Entrance Hall and out into the  ilent,  nowy ground . With a great leap of hi  heart, Harry  aw little golden  quare  of light ahead and  moke coiling up from Hagrid'  chimney. He  et off at a quick march, the other two jo tling and bumping along behind him. They crunched excitedly through the thickening  now until at la t they reached the wooden front door. When Harry rai ed hi  fi t and knocked three time , a dog  tarted barking frantically in ide. 'Hagrid, it  u !' Harry called through the keyhole. 'Shoulda known!'  aid a gruff voice. They beamed at each other under the Cloak; they could tell by Hagrid'  voice that he wa  plea ed. 'Bin home three  econd … out the way, Fang… out the way, yeh dozy dog…' The bolt wa  drawn back, the door creaked open and Hagrid'  head appeared in the gap. Hermione  creamed. 'Merlin'  beard, keep it down!'  aid Hagrid ha tily,  taring wildly over their head . 'Under that Cloak, are yeh? Well, get in, get in!' 'I'm  orry!' Hermione ga ped, a  the three of them  queezed pa t Hagrid into the hou e and pulled the Cloak off them elve   o he could  ee them. 'I ju t - oh, Hagrid!' 'It'  nuthin', it'  nuthin'!'  aid Hagrid ha tily,  hutting the door behind them and hurrying to clo e all the curtain , but Hermione continued to gaze up at him in horror. Hagrid'  hair wa  matted with congealed blood and hi  left eye had been reduced to a puffy  lit amid a ma  of purple and black brui ing. There were many cut  on hi  face and hand ,  ome of them  till bleeding, and he wa  moving gingerly, which made Harry  u pect broken rib . It wa  obviou  that he had only ju t got home; a thick black travelling cloak lay over the back of a chair and a haver ack large enough to carry  everal  mall children leaned again t the wall in ide the door. Hagrid him elf, twice the  ize of a normal man, wa  now limping over to the fire and placing a copper kettle over it. 'What happened to you?' Harry demanded, while Fang danced around them all, trying to lick their face . Told yeh, nuthin','  aid Hagrid firmly. 'Want a cuppa?' 'Come off it,'  aid Ron, 'you're in a right  tate!' 'I'm tellin' yeh, I'm fine,'  aid Hagrid,  traightening up and turning to beam at them all, but wincing. 'Blimey, it'  good ter  ee yeh three again - had good  ummer , did yeh?' 'Hagrid, you've been attacked!'  aid Ron. 'Per the la ' time, it'  nuthin'!'  aid Hagrid firmly. 'Would you  ay it wa  nothing if one of u  turned up with a pound of mince in tead of a face?' Ron demanded. 'You ought to go and  ee Madam Pomfrey, Hagrid,'  aid Hermione anxiou ly, ' ome of tho e cut  look na ty.' 'I'm dealin' with it, all righ'?'  aid Hagrid repre ively. He walked acro  to the enormou  wooden table that  tood in the middle of hi  cabin and twitched a ide a tea towel that had been lying on it. Underneath wa  a raw, bloody, green-tinged  teak  lightly larger than the average car tyre. 'You're not going to eat that, are you, Hagrid?'  aid Ron, leaning in for a clo er look. 'It look  poi onou .' 'It' ' 'po ed ter look like that, it'  dragon meat,' Hagrid  aid. 'An' I didn' get it ter eat.' He picked up the  teak and  lapped it over the left  ide of hi  face. Greeni h blood trickled down into hi  beard a  he gave a  oft moan of  ati faction. Tha'  better. It help  with the  tingin', yeh know.' 'So, are you going to tell u  what'  happened to you?' Harry a ked. 'Can't, Harry. Top  ecret. More'n me job'  worth ter tell yeh that.' 'Did the giant  beat you up, Hagrid?' a ked Hermione quietly. Hagrid'  finger   lipped on the dragon  teak and it  lid  quelchily on to hi  che t. 'Giant ?'  aid Hagrid, catching the  teak before it reached hi  belt and  lapping it back over hi  face, 'who  aid anythin' abou' giant ? Who yeh bin talkm' to? Who'  told yeh what I've - who'   aid I've bin - eh?' 'We gue ed,'  aid Hermione apologetically. 'Oh, yeh did, did yeh?'  aid Hagrid,  urveying her  ternly with the eye that wa  not hidden by the  teak. 'It wa  kind of… obviou ,'  aid Ron. Harry nodded. Hagrid glared at them, then  norted, threw the  teak back on to the table and  trode over to the kettle, which wa  now whi tling. 'Never known kid  like you three fer knowin' more'n yeh oughta,' he muttered,  pla hing boiling water into three of hi  bucket- haped mug . 'An' I'm not complimentin' yeh, neither. No y,  ome'd call it. Interferin'.' But hi  beard twitched. 'So you have been to look for giant ?'  aid Harry, grinning a  he  at down at the table. Hagrid  et tea in front of each of them,  at down, picked up hi   teak again and  lapped it back over hi  face. 'Yeah, all righ',' he grunted, 'I have.' 'And you found them?'  aid Hermione in a hu hed voice. 'Well, they're not that difficult ter find, ter be hone t,'  aid Hagrid. 'Pretty big,  ee.' 'Where are they?'  aid Ron. 'Mountain ,'  aid Hagrid unhelpfully. 'So why don't Muggle  -?' They do,'  aid Hagrid darkly. 'On'y their death  are alway  put down ter mountaineerin' accident , aren' they?' He adju ted the  teak a little  o that it covered the wor t of the brui ing. 'Come on, Hagrid, tell u  what you've been up to!'  aid Ron. Tell u  about being attacked by the giant  and Harry can tell you about being attacked by the Dementor  -' Hagrid choked in hi  mug and dropped hi   teak at the  ame time; a large quantity of  pit, tea and dragon blood wa   prayed over the table a  Hagrid coughed and  pluttered and the  teak  lid, with a  oft  plat, on to the floor. 'Whadda yeh mean, attacked by Dementor ?' growled Hagrid. 'Didn't you know?' Hermione a ked him, wide-eyed. 'I don' know anythin' that'  bin happenin'  ince I left. I wa  on a  ecret mi ion, wa n' I, didn' wan' owl  followin' me all over the place - ruddy Dementor ! Yeh're not  eriou ?' 'Yeah, I am, they turned up in Little Whingmg and attacked my cou in and me, and then the Mini try of Magic expelled me -' 'WHAT?' '- and I had to go to a hearing and everything, but tell u  about the giant  fir t.' 'You were expelled!' Tell u  about your  ummer and I'll tell you about mine.' Hagrid glared at him through hi  one open eye. Harry looked right back, an expre ion of innocent determination on hi  face. 'Oh, all righ',' Hagrid  aid in a re igned voice. He bent down and tugged the dragon  teak out of Fang'  mouth. 'Oh, Hagrid, don't, it'  not hygien—' Hermione began, but Hagrid had already  lapped the meat back over hi   wollen eye. He took another fortifying gulp of tea, then  aid, 'Well, we  et off righ' after term ended -' 'Madame Maxime went with you, then?' Hermione interjected. 'Yeah, tha'  righ','  aid Hagrid, and a  oftened expre ion appeared on the few inche  of face that were not ob cured by beard or green  teak. 'Yeah, it wa  ju ' the pair of u . An' I'll tell yeh thi ,  he'  not afraid of roughin' it, Olympe. Yeh know,  he'  a fine, well-dre ed woman, an' knowin' where we wa  goin' I wondered 'ow  he'd feel abou' clamberin' over boulder  an'  leepin' in cave  an' tha', bu'  he never complained once.' 'You knew where you were going?' Harry repeated. 'You knew where the giant  were?' 'Well, Dumbledore knew, an' he told u ,'  aid Hagrid. 'Are they hidden?' a ked Ron. 'I  it a  ecret, where they are?' 'Not really'  aid Hagrid,  haking hi   haggy head. 'It'  ju ' that mo ' wizard  aren' bothered where they are,' 'long a  it'  a good long way away. But where they are'  very difficult ter get ter, fer human  anyway,  o we needed Dumbledore'  in truction . Took u  abou' a month ter get there -' 'A month?'  aid Ron, a  though he had never heard of a journey la ting  uch a ridiculou ly long time. 'But - why couldn't you ju t grab a Portkey or  omething?' There wa  an odd expre ion in Hagrid'  unob cured eye a  he  urveyed Ron; it wa  almo t pitying. 'We're bein' watched, Ron,' he  aid gruffly. 'What d'you mean?' 'Yeh don' under tand,'  aid Hagrid. The Mini try'  keepin' an eye on Dumbledore an' anyone they reckon'  in league with 'im, an' -' 'We know about that,'  aid Harry quickly keen to hear the re t of Hagrid'   tory, 'we know about the Mini try watching Dumbledore -' 'So you couldn't u e magic to get there?' a ked Ron, looking thunder truck, 'you had to act like Muggle  all the way?' 'Well, not exactly all the way'  aid Hagrid cagily. 'We ju ' had ter be careful, 'cau e Olympe an' me, we  tick out a bit —' Ron made a  tifled noi e  omewhere between a  nort and a  niff and ha tily took a gulp of tea. '-  o we're not hard ter follow. We wa  pretendin' we wa  goin' on holiday together,  o we got inter France an' we made like we I wa  headin' fer where Olympe   chool i , 'cau e we knew we wa  bein' tailed by  omeone from the Mini try. We had to go  low, 'cau e I'm not really' 'po ed ter u e magic an' we knew the Mini try'd be lookin' fer a rea on ter run u  in. But we managed ter give the berk tailin' u  the  lip round abou' Dee-John —' 'Ooooh, Dijon?'  aid Hermione excitedly. 'I've been there on holiday, did you  ee -?' She fell  ilent at the look on Ron'  face. 'We chanced a bit o' magic after that an' it wa n' a bad journey. Ran inter a couple o' mad troll  on the Poli h border an' I had a  ligh' di agreement with a vampire in a pub in Min k, bu' apart from tha' couldn't'a bin  moother. 'An' then we reached the place, an' we  tarted trekkin' up through the mountain , lookin' fer  ign  of 'em… We had ter lay off the magic once we got near 'em. Partly 'cau e they don' like wizard  an' we didn' want ter put their back  up too  oon, an' partly 'cau e Dumbledore had warned u  You-Know-Who wa  bound ter be after the giant  an' all. Said it wa  odd  on he'd  ent a me enger off ter them already. Told u  ter be very careful of drawin' attention ter our elve  a  we got nearer in ca e there wa  Death Eater  around.' Hagrid pau ed for a long draught of tea. 'Go on!'  aid Harry urgently. 'Found 'em,'  aid Hagrid baldly. 'Went over a ridge one nigh' an' there they wa ,  pread ou' underneath u . Little fire  burnin' below an' huge  hadow … it wa  like watchin' bit  o' the mountain movin'.' 'How big are they?' a ked Ron in a hu hed voice. 'Bout twenty feet,'  aid Hagrid ca ually. 'Some o' the bigger one  mighta bin twenty-five.' 'And how many were there?' a ked Harry. 'I reckon abou'  eventy or eighty,'  aid Hagrid. 'I  that all?'  aid Hermione. 'Yep,'  aid Hagrid  adly, 'eighty left, an' there wa  load  once, mu ta bin a hundred diff'rent tribe  from all over the world. Bu' they've bin dyin' out fer age . Wizard  killed a few, o' cour e, bu' mo tly they killed each other, an' now they're dyin' out fa ter than ever. They're not made ter live bunched up together like tha'. Dumbledore  ay  it'  our fault, it wa  the wizard  who forced 'em to go an' made 'em live a good long way from u  an' they had no choice bu' ter  tick together fer their own protection.' 'So,'  aid Harry, 'y°u  aw them and then what?' 'Well, we waited till morning, didn' want ter go  neakin' up on 'em in the dark, fer our own  afety,'  aid Hagrid. "Bout three in the mornin' they fell a leep ju ' where they wa   ittin'. We didn' dare  leep. Fer one thing, we wanted ter make  ure none of 'em woke up an' came up where we were, an' fer another, the  norin' wa  unbelievable. Cau ed an avalanche near mornin'. 'Anyway, once it wa  light we wen' down ter  ee 'em.' 'Ju t like that?'  aid Ron, looking awe truck. 'You ju t walked right into a giant camp?' 'Well, Dumbledore'd told u  how ter do it,'  aid Hagrid. 'Give the Gurg gift ,  how  ome re pect, yeh know.' 'Give the what gift ?' a ked Harry. 'Oh, the Gurg - mean  the chief.' 'How could you tell which one wa  the Gurg?' a ked Ron. Hagrid grunted in amu ement. 'No problem,' he  aid. 'He wa  the bigge t, the uglie t an' the lazie t. Sittin' there waitin' ter be brought food by the other . Dead goat  an'  uch like. Name o' Karku . I'd put him at twenty-two, twenty-three feet an' the weight o' a couple o' bull elephant . Skin like rhino hide an' all.' 'And you ju t walked up to him?'  aid Hermione breathle ly. 'Well… down ter him, where he wa  lyin' in the valley. They wa  in thi  dip between four pretty high mountain ,  ee, be ide a mountain lake, an' Karku  wa  lyin' by the lake roarin' at the other  ter feed him an' hi  wife. Olympe an' I went down the mountain ide -' 'But didn't they try and kill you when they  aw you?' a ked Ron incredulou ly. 'It wa  def'nitely on  ome o' their mind ,'  aid Hagrid,  hrugging, 'but we did what Dumbledore told u  ter do, which wa  ter hold our gift up high an' keep our eye  on the Gurg an' ignore the other . So tha'  what we did. An' the re t of 'em went quiet an' watched u  pa  an' we got right up ter Karku '  feet an' we bowed an' put our pre ent down in front o' him.' 'What do you give a giant?' a ked Ron eagerly. 'Food?' 'Nah, he can get food all righ' fer him elf,'  aid Hagrid. 'We took him magic. Giant  like magic, ju ' don' like u  u in' it again t 'em. Anyway, that fir ' day we gave 'im a branch o' Gubraithian fire.' Hermione  aid, 'Wow!'  oftly, but Harry and Ron both frowned in puzzlement. 'A branch of -?' 'Everla ting fire,'  aid Hermione irritably, 'you ought to know that by now. Profe or Flitwick'  mentioned it at lea t twice in cla !' 'Well, anyway,'  aid Hagrid quickly, intervening before Ron could an wer back, 'Dumbledore'd bewitched thi  branch to burn fer evermore, which i n'  omethin' any wizard could do, an'  o I lie  it down in the  now by Karku '  feet and  ay , “A gift to the Gurg of the giant  from Albu  Dumbledore, who  end  hi  re pectful greeting .'” 'And what did Karku   ay?' a ked Harry eagerly. 'Nothin','  aid Hagrid. 'Didn'  peak Engli h.' 'You're kidding!' 'Didn' matter,'  aid Hagrid imperturbably, 'Dumbledore had warned u  tha' migh' happen. Karku  knew enough to yell fer a couple o' giant  who knew our lingo an' they tran lated fer u .' 'And did he like the pre ent?' a ked Ron. 'Oh yeah, it went down a  torm once they under tood what it wa ,'  aid Hagrid, turning hi  dragon  teak over to pre  the cooler  ide to hi   wollen eye. 'Very plea ed. So then I  aid, “Albu  Dumbledore a k  the Gurg to  peak with hi  me enger when he return  tomorrow with another gift.”' Why couldn't you  peak to them that day?' a ked Hermione. 'Dumbledore wanted u  ter take it very  low,'  aid Hagrid. 'Let 'em  ee we kept our promi e . We'll come back tomorrow with another pre ent, an' then we do come back with another pre ent - give  a good impre ion,  ee? An' give  them time ter te t out the fir ' pre ent an' find out it'  a good one, an' get 'em eager fer more. In any ca e, giant  like Karku  - overload 'em with information an' they'll kill yeh ju ' to  implify thing . So we bowed outta the way an' went off an' found our elve  a nice little cave ter  pend that night in an' the followin' mornin' we went back an' thi  time we found Karku   ittin' up waitin' fer u  lookin' all eager.' 'And you talked to him?' 'Oh yeah. Fir ' we pre ented him with a nice battle helmet -goblin-made an' inde tructible, yeh know - an' then we  at down an' we talked.' 'What did he  ay?' 'Not much,'  aid Hagrid. 'Li tened mo tly. Bu' there were good  ign . He'd heard o' Dumbledore, heard he'd argued again t the killin' o' the la t giant  in Britain. Karku   eemed ter be quite int're ted in what Dumbledore had ter  ay. An' a few o' the other , ' pecially the one  who had  ome Engli h, they gathered round an' li tened too. We were hopeful when we left that day. Promi ed ter come back next mornin' with another pre ent…;.• 'Bu' that night it all wen' wrong.' ^: What d'you mean?'  aid Ron quickly. 'Well, like I  ay, they're not meant ter live together, giant ,'  aid Hagrid  adly. 'Not in big group  like that. They can' help them elve , they half kill each other every few week . The men fight each other an' the women fight each other; the remnant  of the old tribe  fight each other, an' that'  even without  quabble  over food an' the be t fire  an'  leepin'  pot . Yeh'd think,  eein' a  how their whole race i  abou' fini hed, they'd lay off each other, bu'…' Hagrid  ighed deeply. That night a fight broke out, we  aw it from the mouth of our cave, lookin' down on the valley. Went on fer hour , yeh wouldn' believe the noi e. An' when the  un came up the  now wa   carlet an' hi  head wa  lyin' at the bottom o' the lake.' 'Who e head?' ga ped Hermione. 'Karku ' ,'  aid Hagrid heavily. There wa  a new Gurg, Golgomath.' He  ighed deeply. 'Well, we hadn' bargained on a new Gurg two day  after we'd made friendly contact with the fir ' one, an' we had a funny feelin' Golgomath wouldn' be  o keen ter li ten to u , bu' we had ter try.' i 'You went to  peak to him?' a ked Ron incredulou ly. 'After you'd watched him rip off another giant'  head?' 'Cour e we did,'  aid Hagrid, 'we hadn' gone all that way ter give up after two day ! We wen' down with the next pre ent we'd meant ter give ter Karku . 'I knew it wa  no go before I'd opened me mouth. He wa   itting there wearin' Karku '  helmet, leerin' at u  a  we got nearer. He'  ma ive, one o' the bigge t one  there. Black hair an' matchin' teeth an' a necklace o' bone . Human-lookin' bone ,  ome of 'em. Well, I gave it a go - held out a great roll o' dragon  kin - an'  aid, “A gift fer the Gurg of the giant  —” Nex' thing I knew, I wa  hangin' up ide-down in the air by me feet, two of hi  mate  had grabbed me.' Hermione clapped her hand  to her mouth. 'How did you get out of that?' a ked Harry. 'Wouldn'ta done if Olympe hadn' bin there,'  aid Hagrid. 'She pulled out her wand an' did  ome o' the fa te '  pellwork I've ever  een. Ruddy marvellou . Hit the two holdin' me right in the eye  with Conjunctivitu  Cur e  an' they dropped me  traightaway -bu' we were in trouble then, 'cau e we'd u ed magic again t 'em, an' that'  what giant  hate abou' wizard . We had ter leg it an' we knew there wa  no way we wa  going ter be able ter march inter the camp again.' 'Blimey, Hagrid,'  aid Ron quietly. 'So, how come it'  taken you  o long to get home if you were only there for three day ?' a ked Hermione. We didn' leave after three day !'  aid Hagrid, looking outraged. 'Dumbledore wa  relyin' on u !' 'But you've ju t  aid there wa  no way you could go back!' 'Not by daylight we couldn', no. We ju t had ter rethink a bit. Spent a couple o' day  lyin' low up in the cave an' watchin'. An' wha' we  aw wa n' good.' 'Did he rip off more head ?' a ked Hermione,  ounding  queami h. 'No,'  aid Hagrid, 'I wi h he had.' 'What d'you mean?' 'I mean we  oon found out he didn' object ter all wizard  - ju t u .' 'Death Eater ?'  aid Harry quickly. 'Yep,'  aid Hagrid darkly. 'Couple of 'em were vi itin' him ev'ry day, bringin' gift  ter the Gurg, an' he wa n' dangling them up ide-down.' 'How d'you know they were Death Eater ?'  aid Ron. 'Becau e I recogni ed one of 'em,' Hagrid growled. 'Macnair, remember him? Bloke they  ent ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, he i . Like  killin' a  much a  Golgomath; no wonder they were gettin' on  o well.' 'So Macnair  per uaded the giant  to join You-Know-Who?'  aid Hermione de perately. 'Hold yer Hippogriff , I haven' fini hed me  tory yet!'  aid Hagrid indignantly, who, con idering he had not wanted to tell them anything in the fir t place, now  eemed to be rather enjoying him elf. 'Me an' Olympe talked it over an' we agreed, ju ' 'cau e the Gurg looked like favourin' You-Know-Who didn' mean all of 'em would. We had ter try an' per uade  ome o' the other , the one  who hadn' wanted Golgomath a  Gurg.' 'How could you tell which one  they were?' a ked Ron. 'Well, they were the one  bein' beaten to a pulp, weren' they?'  aid Hagrid patiently. The one  with any  en e were keepin' outta Golgomath'  way, hidin' out in cave  roun' the gully ju ' like we were. So we decided we'd go pokin' round the cave  by night an'  ee if we couldn' per uade a few o' them.' 'You went poking around dark cave  looking for giant ?'  aid Ron, with awed re pect in hi  voice. 'Well, it wa n' the giant  who worried u  mo t,'  aid Hagrid. We were more concerned abou' the Death Eater . Dumbledore had told u  before we wen' not ter tangle with 'em if we could avoid it, an' the trouble wa  they knew we wa  around — ' pect Golgomath told 'em abou' u . At night, when the giant  were  leepin' an' we wanted ter be creepin' inter the cave , Macnair an' the other one were  neakin' round the mountain  lookin' fer u . I wa  hard put to  top Olympe jumpin' out at 'em,'  aid Hagrid, the corner  of hi  mouth lifting hi  wild beard, ' he wa  rarin' ter attack 'em…  he'   omethin' when  he'  rou ed, Olympe… fiery, yeh know… ' pect it'  the French in her…' Hagrid gazed mi ty-eyed into the fire. Harry allowed him thirty  econd  of remini cence before clearing hi  throat loudly. 'So, what happened? Did you ever get near any of the other giant ?' 'What? Oh… oh, yeah, we did. Yeah, on the third night after Karku  wa  killed we crept outta the cave we'd bin hidin' in an' headed back down inter the gully, keepin' our eye   kinned fer the Death Eater . Got in ide a few o' the cave , no go - then, in abou' the  ixth one, we found three giant  hidin'.' 'Cave mu t've been cramped,'  aid Ron. 'Wa n' room ter  wing a Kneazle,'  aid Hagrid. 'Didn't they attack you when they  aw you?' a ked Hermione. 'Probably woulda done if they'd bin in any condition,'  aid Hagrid, 'but they wa  badly hurt, all three o' them; Golgomath'  lot had beaten 'em uncon ciou ; they'd woken up an' crawled inter the neare t  helter they could find. Anyway, one o' them had a bit of Engli h an' 'e tran lated fer the other , an' what we had ter  ay didn'  eem ter go down too badly. So we kep' goin' back, vi itin' the wounded… I reckon we had abou'  ix or  even o' them convinced at one poin'.' 'Six or  even?'  aid Ron eagerly. 'Well that'  not bad - are they going to come over here and  tart fighting You-Know-Who with u ?' But Hermione  aid, 'What do you mean “at one point”, Hagrid?' Hagrid looked at her  adly. 'Golgomath'  lot raided the cave . The one  tha'  urvived didn' wan' no more ter to do with u  after that.' 'So…  o there aren't any giant  coming?'  aid Ron, looking di appointed. 'Nope,'  aid Hagrid, heaving a deep  igh a  he turned over hi   teak and applied the cooler  ide to hi  face, 'but we did wha' we meant ter do, we gave 'em Dumbledore'  me age an'  ome o' them heard it an' I  pect  ome o' them'll remember it. Ju ' maybe, them that don' want ter  tay around Golgomath'll move outta the mountain , an' there'  gotta be a chance they'll remember Dumbledore'  friendly to 'em… could be they'll come.' Snow wa  filling up the window now. Harry became aware that the knee  of hi  robe  were  oaked through: Fang wa  drooling with hi  head in Harry'  lap. 'Hagrid?'  aid Hermione quietly after a while. 'Mmm?' 'Did you… wa  there any  ign of… did you hear anything about your… your… mother while you were there?' Hagrid'  unob cured eye re ted upon her and Hermione looked rather  cared. 'I'm  orry… I… forget it -' 'Dead,' Hagrid grunted. 'Died year  ago. They told me.' 'Oh… I'm… I'm really  orry'  aid Hermione in a very  mall voice. Hagrid  hrugged hi  ma ive  houlder . 'No need,' he  aid  hortly. 'Can't remember her much. Wa n' a great mother.' They were  ilent again. Hermione glanced nervou ly at Harry and Ron, plainly wanting them to  peak. 'But you  till haven't explained how you got in thi   tate, Hagrid,' Ron  aid, ge turing toward  Hagrid'  blood tained face. 'Or why you're back  o late,'  aid Harry. 'Siriu   ay  Madame Maxime got back age  ago -' 'Who attacked you?'  aid Ron. 'I haven' bin attacked!'  aid Hagrid emphatically. 'I -' But the re t of hi  word  were drowned in a  udden outbreak of rapping on the door. Hermione ga ped; her mug  lipped through her finger  and  ma hed on the floor; Fang yelped. All four of them  tared at the window be ide the doorway. The  hadow of  omebody  mall and  quat rippled acro  the thin curtain. 'It'  her!' Ron whi pered. 'Get under here!' Harry  aid quickly;  eizing the Invi ibility Cloak, he whirled it over him elf and Hermione while Ron tore around the table and dived under the Cloak a  well. Huddled together, they backed away into a corner. Fang wa  barking madly at the door. Hagrid looked thoroughly confu ed. 'Hagrid, hide our mug !' Hagrid  eized Harry and Ron'  mug  and  hoved them under the cu hion in Fang'  ba ket. Fang wa  now leaping up at the door; Hagrid pu hed him out of the way with hi  foot and pulled it open. Profe or Umbridge wa   tanding in the doorway wearing her green tweed cloak and a matching hat with earflap . Lip  pur ed,  he leaned back  o a  to  ee Hagrid'  face;  he barely reached hi  navel. 'So,'  he  aid  lowly and loudly, a  though  peaking to  omebody deaf. 'You're Hagrid, are you?' Without waiting for an an wer  he  trolled into the room, her bulging eye  rolling in every direction. 'Get away,'  he  napped, waving her handbag at Fang, who had bounded up to her and wa  attempting to lick her face. 'Er - I don' want ter be rude,'  aid Hagrid,  taring at her, 'but who the ruddy hell are you?' 'My name i  Dolore  Umbridge.' Her eye  were  weeping the cabin. Twice they  tared directly into the corner where Harry  tood,  andwiched between Ron and Hermione. 'Dolore  Umbridge?' Hagrid  aid,  ounding thoroughly confu ed. 'I thought you were one o' them Mini try - don' you work with Fudge?' 'I wa  Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter, ye ,'  aid Umbridge, now pacing around the cabin, taking in every tiny detail within, from the haver ack again t the wall to the abandoned travelling cloak. 'I am now the Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher -' Tha'  brave of yeh,'  aid Hagrid, 'there'  not many'd take tha' job any more.' '- and Hogwart  High Inqui itor,'  aid Umbridge, giving no  ign that  he had heard him. 'Wha'  that?'  aid Hagrid, frowning. 'Preci ely what I wa  going to a k,'  aid Umbridge, pointing at the broken  hard  of china on the floor that had been Hermione'  mug. 'Oh,'  aid Hagrid, with a mo t unhelpful glance toward  the corner where Harry, Ron and Hermione  tood hidden, 'oh, tha' wa … wa  Fang. He broke a mug. So I had ter u e thi  one in tead.' Hagrid pointed to the mug from which he had been drinking, one hand  till clamped over the dragon  teak pre ed to hi  eye. Umbridge  tood facing him now, taking in every detail of hi  appearance in tead of the cabin' . 'I heard voice ,'  he  aid quietly. 'I wa  talkin' ter Fang,'  aid Hagrid  toutly. 'And wa  he talking back to you?' 'Well… in a manner o'  peakin','  aid Hagrid, looking uncomfortable. 'I  ometime   ay Fang'  near enough human -' There are three  et  of footprint  in the  now leading from the ca tle door  to your cabin,'  aid Umbridge  leekly. Hermione ga ped; Harry clapped a hand over her mouth. Luckily, Fang wa   niffing loudly around the hem of Profe or Umbridge'  robe  and  he did not appear to have heard. 'Well, I on'y ju ' got back,'  aid Hagrid, waving an enormou  hand at the haver ack. 'Maybe  omeone came ter call earlier an' I mi ed 'em.' 'There are no foot tep  leading away from your cabin door.' 'Well, I… I don' know why that'd be…'  aid Hagrid, tugging nervou ly at hi  beard and again glancing toward  the corner where Harry, Ron and Hermione  tood, a  though a king for help. 'Erm…' Umbridge wheeled round and  trode the length of the cabin, looking around carefully. She bent and peered under the bed. She opened Hagrid'  cupboard . She pa ed within two inche  of where Harry, Ron and Hermione  tood pre ed again t the wall; Harry actually pulled in hi   tomach a   he walked by. After looking carefully in ide the enormou  cauldron Hagrid u ed for cooking,  he wheeled round again and  aid, 'What ha  happened to you? How did you  u tain tho e injurie ?' Hagrid ha tily removed the dragon  teak from hi  face, which in Harry  opinion wa  a mi take, becau e the black and purple brui ing all around hi  eye wa  now clearly vi ible, not to mention the large amount of fre h and congealed blood on hi  face. 'Oh, 1… had a bit of an accident,' he  aid lamely. 'What  ort of accident?' 'I - I tripped.' 'You tripped,'  he repeated coolly. 'Yeah, tha'  right. Over… over a friend'  broom tick. I don' fly, me elf. Well, look at the  ize o' me, I don' reckon there'  a broom tick that'd hold me. Friend o' mine breed  Abraxan hor e , I dunno if you've ever  een 'em, big bea t , winged, yeh know, I've had a bit of a ride on one o' them an' it wa  -' 'Where have you been?' a ked Umbridge, cutting coolly through Hagrid'  babbling. 'Where've I -?' 'Been, ye ,'  he  aid. Term  tarted two month  ago. Another teacher ha  had to cover your cla e . None of your colleague  ha  been able to give me any information a  to your whereabout . You left no addre . Where have you been?' There wa  a pau e in which Hagrid  tared at her with hi  newly uncovered eye. Harry could almo t hear hi  brain working furiou ly. 'I - I've been away for me health,' he  aid. 'For your health,' repeated Profe or Umbridge. Her eye  travelled over Hagrid'  di coloured and  wollen face; dragon blood dripped gently and  ilently on to hi  wai tcoat. 'I  ee.' 'Yeah,'  aid Hagrid, 'bit o' - o' fre h air, yeh know -' 'Ye , a  gamekeeper fre h air mu t be  o difficult to come by,'  aid Umbridge  weetly. The  mall patch of Hagrid'  face that wa  not black or purple, flu hed. 'Well — change o'  cene, yeh know -' 'Mountain  cenery?'  aid Umbridge  wiftly. She know , Harry thought de perately. 'Mountain ?' Hagrid repeated, clearly thinking fa t. 'Nope, South o' France fer me. Bit o'  un an'… an'  ea.' 'Really?'  aid Umbridge. 'You don't have much of a tan.' 'Yeah… well…  en itive  kin,'  aid Hagrid, attempting an ingratiating  mile. Harry noticed that two of hi  teeth had been knocked out. Umbridge looked at him coldly; hi   mile faltered. Then  he hoi ted her handbag a little higher into the crook of her arm and  aid, 'I  hall, of cour e, be informing the Mini ter of your late return.' 'Righ','  aid Hagrid, nodding. 'You ought to know, too, that a  High Inqui itor it i  my unfortunate but nece ary duty to in pect my fellow teacher . So I dare ay we  hall meet again  oon enough.' She turned  harply and marched back to the door. 'You're in pectin' u ?' Hagrid repeated blankly, looking after her. 'Oh, ye ,'  aid Umbridge  oftly, looking back at him with her hand on the door handle. The Mini try i  determined to weed out un ati factory teacher , Hagrid. Goodnight.' She left, clo ing the door behind her with a  nap. Harry made to pull off the Invi ibility Cloak but Hermione  eized hi  wri t. 'Not yet,'  he breathed in hi  ear. 'She might not be gone yet.' Hagrid  eemed to be thinking the  ame way; he  tumped acro  the room and pulled back the curtain an inch or  o. 'She'  goin' back ter the ca tle,' he  aid in a low voice. 'Blimey… in pectin' people, i   he?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, pulling off the Cloak. Trelawney'  on probation already…' 'Um… what  ort of thing are you planning to do with u  in cla , Hagrid?' a ked Hermione. 'Oh, don' you worry abou' that, I've got a great load o' le on  planned,'  aid Hagrid enthu ia tically,  cooping up hi  dragon  teak from the table and  lapping it over hi  eye again. 'I've bin keepin' a couple o' creature   aved fer yer OWL year; you wait, they're  omethin' really  pecial.' 'Erm…  pecial in what way?' a ked Hermione tentatively. 'I'm not  ayin','  aid Hagrid happily. 'I don' want ter  poil the  urpri e.' 'Look, Hagrid,'  aid Hermione urgently, dropping all pretence, 'Profe or Umbridge won't be at all happy if you bring anything to cla  that'  too dangerou .' 'Dangerou ?'  aid Hagrid, looking genially bemu ed. 'Don' be  illy, I wouldn' give yeh anythin' dangerou ! I mean, all righ', they can look after them elve  -' 'Hagrid, you've got to pa  Umbridge'  in pection, and to do that it would really be better if  he  aw you teaching u  how to look after Porlock , how to tell the difference between Knarl  and hedgehog ,  tuff like that!'  aid Hermione earne tly. 'But tha'  not very intere tin', Hermione,'  aid Hagrid. The  tuff I've got'  much more impre ive. I've bin bringin' 'em on fer year , I reckon I've got the on'y dome tic herd in Britain.' 'Hagrid… plea e…'  aid Hermione, a note of real de peration in her voice. 'Umbridge i  looking for any excu e to get rid of HA GRID'S TALE teacher   he think  are too clo e to Dumbledore. Plea e, Hagrid, teach u   omething dull that'  bound to come up in our OWL.' But Hagrid merely yawned widely and ca t a one-eyed look of longing toward  the va t bed in the corner. 'Li 'en, it'  bin a long day an' it'  late,' he  aid, patting Hermione gently on the  houlder,  o that her knee  gave way and hit the floor with a thud. 'Oh -  orry -' He pulled her back up by the neck of her robe . 'Look, don' you go worryin' abou' me, I promi e yeh I've got really good  tuff planned fer yer le on  now I'm back… now you lot had better get back up to the ca tle, an' don' forget ter wipe yer footprint  out behind yeh!' 'I dunno if you got through to him,'  aid Ron a  hort while later when, having checked that the coa t wa  clear, they walked back up to the ca tle through the thickening  now, leaving no trace behind them due to the Obliteration Charm Hermione wa  performing a  they went. Then I'll go back again tomorrow,'  aid Hermione determinedly. Til plan hi  le on  for him if I have to. I don't care if  he throw  out Trelawney but  he'  not getting rid of Hagrid!' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 21 - The Eye of the Snake Hermione ploughed her way back to Hagrid'  cabin through two feet of  now on Sunday morning. Harry and Ron wanted to go with her, but their mountain of homework had reached an alarming height again,  o they remained grudgingly in the common room, trying to ignore the gleeful  hout  drifting up from the ground  out ide, where  tudent  were enjoying them elve   kating on the frozen lake, tobogganing and, wor t of all, bewitching  nowball  to zoom up to Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the window . 'Oi!' bellowed Ron, finally lo ing patience and  ticking hi  head out of the window, 'I am a prefect and if one more  nowball hit  thi  window - OUCH!' He withdrew hi  head  harply, hi  face covered in  now. 'It'  Fred and George,' he  aid bitterly,  lamming the window behind him. 'Git …' Hermione returned from Hagrid'  ju t before lunch,  hivering  lightly, her robe  damp to the knee . 'So?'  aid Ron, looking up when  he entered. 'Got all hi  le on  planned for him?' 'Well, I tried,'  he  aid dully,  inking into a chair be ide Harry. She pulled out her wand and gave it a complicated little wave  o that hot air  treamed out of the tip;  he then pointed thi  at her robe , which began to  team a  they dried out. 'He wa n't even there when I arrived, I wa  knocking for at lea t half an hour. And then he came  tumping out of the Fore t -' Harry groaned. The Forbidden Fore t wa  teeming with the kind of creature  mo t likely to get Hagrid the  ack. 'What'  he keeping in there? Did he  ay?' he a ked. 'No,'  aid Hermione mi erably. 'He  ay  he want  them to be a  urpri e. I tried to explain about Umbridge, but he ju t doe n't get it. He kept  aying nobody in their right mind would rather  tudy Knarl  than Chimaera  - oh, I don't think he'  got a Chimaera,'  he added at the appalled look on Harry and Ron'  face , 'but that'  not for lack of trying, from what he  aid about how hard it i  to get egg . I don't know how many time  I told him he'd be better off following Grubbly-Plank'  plan, I hone tly don't think he li tened to half of what I  aid. He'  in a bit of a funny mood, you know. He  till won't  ay how he got all tho e injurie .' Hagrid'  reappearance at the  taff table at breakfa t next day wa  not greeted by enthu ia m from all  tudent . Some, like Fred, George and Lee, roared with delight and  printed up the ai le between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table  to wring Hagrid'  enormou  hand; other , like Parvati and Lavender, exchanged gloomy look  and  hook their head . Harry knew that many of them preferred Profe or Grubbly-Plank'  le on , and the wor t of it wa  that a very  mall, unbia ed part of him knew that they had good rea on: Grubbly-Plank'  idea of an intere ting cla  wa  not one where there wa  a ri k that  omebody might have their head ripped off. It wa  with a certain amount of apprehen ion that Harry, Ron and Hermione headed down to Hagrid'  on Tue day, heavily muffled again t the cold. Harry wa  worried, not only about what Hagrid might have decided to teach them, but al o about how the re t of the cla , particularly Malfoy and hi  cronie , would behave if Umbridge wa  watching them. However, the High Inqui itor wa  nowhere to be  een a  they  truggled through the  now toward  Hagrid, who  tood waiting for them on the edge of the Fore t. He did not pre ent a rea uring  ight; the brui e  that had been purple on Saturday night were now tinged with green and yellow and  ome of hi  cut   till  eemed to be bleeding. Harry could not under tand thi : had Hagrid perhap  been attacked by  ome creature who e venom prevented the wound  it inflicted from healing? A  though to complete the ominou  picture, Hagrid wa  carrying what looked like half a dead cow over hi   houlder. 'We're workin' in here today!' Hagrid called happily to the approaching  tudent , jerking hi  head back at the dark tree  behind him. 'Bit more  heltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark.' 'What prefer  the dark?' Harry heard Malfoy  ay  harply to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic in hi  voice. 'What did he  ay prefer  the dark - did you hear?' Harry remembered the only other occa ion on which Malfoy had entered the Fore t before now; he had not been very brave then, either. He  miled to him elf; after the Quidditch match anything that cau ed Malfoy di comfort wa  all right with him. 'Ready?'  aid Hagrid cheerfully, looking around at the cla . 'Right, well, I've bin  avin' a trip inter the Fore t fer yer fifth year. Thought we'd go an'  ee the e creature  in their natural habitat. Now, what we're  tudyin' today i  pretty rare, I reckon I'm probably the on'y per on in Britain who'  managed ter train 'em.' 'And you're  ure they're trained, are you?'  aid Malfoy, the panic in hi  voice even more pronounced. 'Only it wouldn't be the fir t time you'd brought wild  tuff to cla , would it?' The Slytherin  murmured agreement and a few Gryffindor  looked a  though they thought Malfoy had a fair point, too. 'Cour e they're trained,'  aid Hagrid,  cowling and hoi ting the dead cow a little higher on hi   houlder. 'So what happened to your face, then?' demanded Malfoy. 'Mind yer own bu ine !'  aid Hagrid, angrily. 'Now, if yeh've fini hed a kin'  tupid que tion , follow me!' He turned and  trode  traight into the Fore t. Nobody  eemed much di po ed to follow. Harry glanced at Ron and Hermione, who  ighed but nodded, and the three of them  et off after Hagrid, leading the re t of the cla . They walked for about ten minute  until they reached a place where the tree   tood  o clo ely together that it wa  a  dark a  twilight and there wa  no  now at all on the ground. With a grunt, Hagrid depo ited hi  half a cow on the ground,  tepped back and turned to face hi  cla , mo t of whom were creeping from tree to tree toward  him, peering around nervou ly a  though expecting to be  et upon at any moment. 'Gather roun', gather roun',' Hagrid encouraged. 'Now, they'll be attracted by the  mell o' the meat but I'm goin' ter give 'em a call anyway, 'cau e they'll like ter know it'  me.' He turned,  hook hi   haggy head to get the hair out of hi  face and gave an odd,  hrieking cry that echoed through the dark tree  like the call of  ome mon trou  bird. Nobody laughed: mo t of them looked too  cared to make a  ound. Hagrid gave the  hrieking cry again. A minute pa ed in which the cla  continued to peer nervou ly over their  houlder  and around tree  for a fir t glimp e of whatever it wa  that wa  coming. And then, a  Hagrid  hook hi  hair back for a third time and expanded hi  enormou  che t, Harry nudged Ron and pointed into the black  pace between two gnarled yew tree . A pair of blank, white,  hining eye  were growing larger through the gloom and a moment later the dragoni h face, neck and then  keletal body of a great, black, winged hor e emerged from the darkne . It  urveyed the cla  for a few  econd ,  wi hing it  long black tail, then bowed it  head and began to tear fle h from the dead cow with it  pointed fang . A great wave of relief broke over Harry. Here at la t wa  proof that he had not imagined the e creature , that they were real: Hagrid knew about them too. He looked eagerly at Ron, but Ron wa   till  taring around into the tree  and after a few  econd  he whi pered, 'Why doe n't Hagrid call again?' Mo t of the re t of the cla  were wearing expre ion  a  confu ed and nervou ly expectant a  Ron'  and were  till gazing everywhere but at the hor e  tanding feet from them. There were only two other people who  eemed to be able to  ee them: a  tringy Slytherin boy  tanding ju t behind Goyle wa  watching the hor e eating with an expre ion of great di ta te on hi  face; and Neville, who e eye  were following the  wi hing progre  of the long black tail. 'Oh, an' here come  another one!'  aid Hagrid proudly, a  a  econd black hor e appeared out of the dark tree , folded it  leathery wing  clo er to it  body and dipped it  head to gorge on the meat. 'Now… put yer hand  up, who can  ee 'em?' Immen ely plea ed to feel that he wa  at la t going to under tand the my tery of the e hor e , Harry rai ed hi  hand. Hagrid nodded at him. 'Yeah… yeah, I knew you'd be able ter, Harry,' he  aid  eriou ly. 'An' you too, Neville, eh? An' -' 'Excu e me,'  aid Malfoy in a  neering voice, 'but what exactly are we  uppo ed to be  eeing?' For an an wer, Hagrid pointed at the cow carca  on the ground. The whole cla   tared at it for a few  econd , then  everal people ga ped and Parvati  quealed. Harry under tood why: bit  of fle h  tripping them elve  away from the bone  and vani hing into thin air had to look very odd indeed. 'What'  doing it?' Parvati demanded in a terrified voice, retreating behind the neare t tree. 'What'  eating it?' The tral ,'  aid Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a  oft 'Oh!' of comprehen ion at Harry'   houlder. 'Hogwart  ha  got a whole herd of 'em in here. Now, who know  -?' 'But they're really, really unlucky!' interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed. They're  uppo ed to bring all  ort  of horrible mi fortune on people who  ee them. Profe or Trelawney told me once -' 'No, no, no,'  aid Hagrid, chuckling, 'tha'  ju '  uper tition, that i , they aren' unlucky, they're dead clever an' u eful! Cour e, thi  lot don' get a lot o' work, it'  mainly ju ' pullin' the  chool carriage  unle  Dumbledore'  takin' a long journey an' don' want ter Apparate - an' here'  another couple, look -' Two more hor e  came quietly out of the tree , one of them pa ing very clo e .to Parvati, who  hivered and pre ed her elf clo er to the tree,  aying, 'I think I felt  omething, I think it'  near me!' 'Don' worry, it won' hurt yen,'  aid Hagrid patiently. 'Righ', now, who can tell me why  ome o' yeh can  ee 'em an'  ome can't?' Hermione rai ed her hand. 'Go on then,'  aid Hagrid, beaming at her. The only people who can  ee The tral ,'  he  aid, 'are people who have  een death.' Tha'  exactly right,'  aid Hagrid  olemnly, 'ten point  ter Gryffindor. Now, The tral  -' 'Hem, hem.' Profe or Umbridge had arrived. She wa   tanding a few feet away from Harry, wearing her green hat and cloak again, her clipboard at the ready. Hagrid, who had never heard Umbridge'  fake cough before, wa  gazing in  ome concern at the clo e t The tral, evidently under the impre ion that it had made the  ound. 'Hem, hem.' 'Oh, hello!' Hagrid  aid,  miling, having located the  ource of the noi e. 'You received the note I  ent to your cabin thi  morning?'  aid Umbridge, in the  ame loud,  low voice  he had u ed with him earlier, a  though  he were addre ing  omebody both foreign and very  low. Telling you that I would be in pecting your le on?' 'Oh, yeah,'  aid Hagrid brightly. 'Glad yeh found the place all righ'! Well, a  you can  ee - or, I dunno - can you? We're doin' The tral  today -' 'I'm  orry?'  aid Profe or Umbridge loudly, cupping her hand around her ear and frowning. 'What did you  ay?' Hagrid looked a little confu ed. 'Er - The tral !' he  aid loudly. 'Big - er - winged hor e , yeh know!' He flapped hi  gigantic arm  hopefully. Profe or Umbridge rai ed her eyebrow  at him and muttered a   he made a note on her clipboard: 'Ha … to… re ort… to… crude…  ign… language.' 'Well… anyway…"  aid Hagrid, turning back to the cla  and looking  lightly flu tered, 'erm… what wa  I  ayin'?' 'Appear … to… have… poor…  hort… term… memory,' muttered Umbridge, loudly enough for everyone to hear her. Draco Malfoy looked a  though Chri tma  had come a month early; Hermione, on the other hand, had turned  carlet with  uppre ed rage. 'Oh, yeah,'  aid Hagrid, throwing an unea y glance at Umbridge'  clipboard, but ploughing on valiantly. 'Yeah, I wa  gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah,  o, we  tarted off with a male an' five female . Thi  one,' he patted the fir t hor e to have appeared, 'name o' Tenebru , he'  my  pecial favourite, fir ' one born here in the Fore t -' 'Are you aware,' Umbridge  aid loudly, interrupting him, 'that the Mini try of Magic ha  cla ified The tral  a  “dangerou ”?' Harry'  heart  ank like a  tone, but Hagrid merely chuckled. The tral  aren' dangerou ! All righ', they might take a bite outta yeh if yeh really annoy them -' 'Show …  ign … of… plea ure… at… idea… of… violence,' muttered Umbridge,  cribbling on her clipboard again. 'No - come on!'  aid Hagrid, looking a little anxiou  now. 'I mean, a dog'll bite if yeh bait it, won' it - but The tral  have ju ' got a bad reputation becau e o' the death thing - people u ed ter think they were bad omen , didn' they? Ju ' didn' under tand, did they?' Umbridge did not an wer;  he fini hed writing her la t note, then looked up at Hagrid and  aid, again very loudly and  lowly, 'Plea e continue teaching a  u ual. I am going to walk,'  he mimed walking (Malfoy and Pan y Parkin on were having  ilent fit  of laughter) 'among the  tudent ' ( he pointed around at individual member  of the cla ) 'and a k them que tion .' She pointed at her mouth to indicate talking. Hagrid  tared at her, clearly at a complete lo  to under tand why  he wa  acting a  though he did not under tand normal Engli h. Hermione had tear  of fury in her eye  now. 'You hag, you evil hag!'  he whi pered, a  Umbridge walked toward  Pan y Parkin on. 'I know what you're doing, you awful, twi ted, viciou  -' 'Erm… anyway,'  aid Hagrid, clearly  truggling to regain the flow of hi  le on, ' o - The tral . Yeah. Well, there'  load  o' good  tuff abou' them…' 'Do you find,'  aid Profe or Umbridge in a ringing voice to Pan y Parkin on, 'that you are able to under tand Profe or Hagrid when he talk ?' Ju t like Hermione, Pan y had tear  in her eye , but the e were tear  of laughter; indeed, her an wer wa  almo t incoherent becau e  he wa  trying to  uppre  her giggle . 'No… becau e… well… it  ound … like grunting a lot of the time Umbridge  cribbled on her clipboard. The few unbrui ed bit  of Hagrid'  face flu hed, but he tried to act a  though he had not heard Pan y'  an wer. 'Er… yeah… good  tuff abou' The tral . Well, once they're tamed, like thi  lot, yeh'll never be lo t again. 'Mazin'  en e o' direction, ju ' tell 'em where yeh want ter go -' 'A uming they can under tand you, of cour e,'  aid Malfoy loudly, and Pan y Parkin on collap ed in a fit of renewed giggle . Profe or Umbridge  miled indulgently at them and then turned to Neville. 'You can  ee the The tral , Longbottom, can you?'  he  aid. Neville nodded. 'Who did you  ee die?'  he a ked, her tone indifferent. 'My… my grandad,'  aid Neville. 'And what do you think of them?'  he  aid, waving her  tubby hand at the hor e , who by now had  tripped a great deal of the carca  down to bone. 'Erm,'  aid Neville nervou ly, with a glance at Hagrid. Well, they're… er… OK…" 'Student … are… too… intimidated… to… admit… they… are… frightened,' muttered Umbridge, making another note on her clipboard. 'No!'  aid Neville, looking up et. 'No, I'm not  cared of them!' 'It'  quite all right,'  aid Umbridge, patting Neville on the  houlder with what  he evidently intended to be an under tanding  mile, though it looked more like a leer to Harry. 'Well, Hagrid,'  he turned to look up at him again,  peaking once more in that loud,  low voice, 'I think I've got enough to be getting along with. You will receive' ( he mimed taking  omething from the air in front of her) 'the re ult  of your in pection' ( he pointed at the clipboard) 'in ten day ' time.' She held up ten  tubby little finger , then, her  mile wider and more toadlike than ever before beneath her green hat,  he bu tled from their mid t, leaving Malfoy and Pan y Parkin on in fit  of laughter, Hermione actually  haking with fury and Neville looking confu ed and up et. That foul, lying, twi ting old gargoyle!'  tormed Hermione half an hour later, a  they made their way back up to the ca tle through the channel  they had made earlier in the  now. 'You  ee what  he'  up to? It'  her thing about half-breed  all over again -  he'  trying to make out Hagrid'   ome kind of dimwitted troll, ju t becau e he had a giante  for a mother - and oh, it'  not fair, that really wa n't a bad le on at all - I mean, all right, if it had been Bla t-Ended Skrewt  again, but The tral  are fine - in fact, for Hagrid, they're really good!' 'Umbridge  aid they're dangerou ,'  aid Ron. 'Well, it'  like Hagrid  aid, they can look after them elve ,'  aid Hermione impatiently, 'and I  uppo e a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldn't u ually  how them to u  before NEWT level, but, well, they are very intere ting, aren't they? The way  ome people can  ee them and  ome can't! I wi h I could.' 'Do you?' Harry a ked her quietly. She looked  uddenly horror truck. 'Oh, Harry - I'm  orry - no, of cour e I don't - that wa  a really  tupid thing to  ay.' 'It'  OK,' he  aid quickly, 'don't worry' 'I'm  urpri ed  o many people could  ee them,'  aid Ron. Three in a cla  -' 'Yeah, Wea ley, we were ju t wondering,'  aid a maliciou  voice. Unheard by any of them in the muffling  now, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were walking along right behind them. 'D'you reckon if you  aw  omeone  nuff it you'd be able to  ee the Quaffle better?' He, Crabbe and Goyle roared with laughter a  they pu hed pa t on their way to the ca tle, then broke into a choru  of 'Wea ley i  our King'. Ron'  ear  turned  carlet. 'Ignore them, ju t ignore them,' intoned Hermione, pulling out her wand and performing the charm to produce hot air again,  o that  he could melt them an ea ier path through the untouched  now between them and the greenhou e . * December arrived, bringing with it more  now and a po itive avalanche of homework for the fifth-year . Ron and Hermione'  prefect dutie  al o became more and more onerou  a  Chri tma  approached. They were called upon to  upervi e the decoration of the ca tle ('You try putting up tin el when Peeve  ha  got the other end and i  trying to  trangle you with it,'  aid Ron), to watch over fir t- and  econd-year   pending their break-time  in ide becau e of the bitter cold ('And they're cheeky little  not-rag , you know, we definitely weren't that rude when we were in fir t year,'  aid Ron) and to patrol the corridor  in  hift  with Argu  Filch, who  u pected that the holiday  pirit might  how it elf in an outbreak of wizard duel  ('He'  got dung for brain , that one,'  aid Ron furiou ly). They were  o bu y that Hermione had even  topped knitting elf hat  and wa  fretting that  he wa  down to her la t three. 'All tho e poor elve  I haven't  et free yet, having to  tay here over Chri tma  becau e there aren't enough hat !' Harry, who had not had the heart to tell her that Dobby wa  taking everything  he made, bent lower over hi  Hi tory of Magic e ay. In any ca e, he did not want to think about Chri tma . For the fir t time in hi   chool career, he very much wanted to  pend the holiday  away from Hogwart . Between hi  Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not Hagrid wa  going to be put on probation, he felt highly re entful toward  the place at the moment. The only thing he really looked forward to were the DA meeting , and they would have to  top over the holiday , a  nearly everybody in the DA would be  pending the time with their familie . Hermione wa  going  kiing with her parent ,  omething that greatly amu ed Ron, who had never heard of Muggle   trapping narrow  trip  of wood on to their feet to  lide down mountain . Ron wa  going home to The Burrow. Harry endured  everal day  of envy before Ron  aid, in re pon e to Harry a king him how he wa  going to get home for Chri tma : 'But you're coming too! Didn't I  ay? Mum wrote and told me to invite you week  ago!' Hermione rolled her eye , but Harry'   pirit   oared: the thought of Chri tma  at The Burrow wa  truly wonderful, though  lightly marred by Harry'  guilty feeling that he would not be able to  pend the holiday with Siriu . He wondered whether he could po ibly per uade Mr . Wea ley to invite hi  godfather for the fe tivitie . Even though he doubted whether Dumbledore would permit Siriu  to leave Grimmauld Place anyway, he could not help but think Mr . Wea ley might not want him; they were  o often at loggerhead . Siriu  had not contacted Harry at all  ince hi  la t appearance in the fire, and although Harry knew that with Umbridge on con tant watch it would be unwi e to attempt to contact him, he did not like to think of Siriu  alone in hi  mother'  old hou e, perhap  pulling a lonely cracker with Kreacher. Harry arrived early in the Room of Requirement for the la t DA meeting before the holiday  and wa  very glad he had, becau e when the torche  bur t into flame he  aw that Dobby had taken it upon him elf to decorate the place for Chri tma . He could tell the elf had done it, becau e nobody el e would have  trung a hundred golden bauble  from the ceiling, each  howing a picture of Harry'  face and bearing the legend: 'HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!' Harry had only ju t managed to get the la t of them down before the door creaked open and Luna Love good entered, looking a  dreamy a  u ual. 'Hello,'  he  aid vaguely, looking around at what remained of the decoration . The e are nice, did you put them up?' 'No,'  aid Harry, 'it wa  Dobby the hou e-elf.' 'Mi tletoe,'  aid Luna dreamily, pointing at a large clump of white berrie  placed almo t over Harry'  head. He jumped out from under it. 'Good thinking,'  aid Luna very  eriou ly. 'It'  often infe ted with Nargle .' Harry wa   aved the nece ity of a king what Nargle  are by the arrival of Angelina, Katie and Alicia. All three of them were breathle  and looked very cold. 'Well,'  aid Angelina dully, pulling off her cloak and throwing it into a corner, 'we've finally replaced you.' 'Replaced me?'  aid Harry blankly. 'You and Fred and George,'  he  aid impatiently. 'We've got another Seeker!' 'Who?'  aid Harry quickly. 'Ginny Wea ley,'  aid Katie. Harry gaped at her. 'Yeah, I know,'  aid Angelina, pulling out her wand and flexing her arm, 'but  he'  pretty good, actually. Nothing on you, of cour e,'  he  aid, throwing him a very dirty look, 'but a  we can't have you…' Harry bit back the retort he wa  longing to utter: did  he imagine for a  econd that he did not regret hi  expul ion from the team a hundred time  more than  he did? 'And what about the Beater ?' he a ked, trying to keep hi  voice even. 'Andrew Kirke,'  aid Alicia without enthu ia m, 'and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant, but compared to the re t of the idiot  who turned up…' The arrival of Ron, Hermione and Neville brought thi  depre ing di cu ion to an end, and within five minute  the room wa  full enough to prevent Harry  eeing Angelina'  burning, reproachful look . 'OK,' he  aid, calling them all to order. 'I thought thi  evening we  hould ju t go over the thing  we've done  o far, becau e it'  the la t meeting before the holiday  and there'  no point  tarting anything new right before a three-week break -' 'We're not doing anything new?'  aid Zacharia  Smith, in a di gruntled whi per loud enough to carry through the room. 'If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come.' 'We're all really  orry Harry didn't tell you, then,'  aid Fred loudly. Several people  niggered. Harry  aw Cho laughing and felt the familiar  wooping  en ation in hi   tomach, a  though he had mi ed a  tep going down tair . '- we can practi e in pair ,'  aid Harry. We'll  tart with the Impediment Jinx, for ten minute , then we can get out the cu hion  and try Stunning again.' They all divided up obediently; Harry partnered Neville a  u ual. The room wa   oon full of intermittent crie  of 'Impedimenta! 'People froze for a minute or  o, during which their partner would  tare aimle ly around the room watching other pair  at work, then would unfreeze and take their turn at the jinx. Neville had improved beyond all recognition. After a while, when Harry had unfrozen three time  in a row, he had Neville join Ron and Hermione again  o that he could walk around the room and watch the other . When he pa ed Cho  he beamed at him; he re i ted the temptation to walk pa t her  everal more time . After ten minute  on the Impediment Jinx, they laid out cu hion  all over the floor and  tarted practi ing Stunning again. Space wa  really too confined to allow them all to work thi   pell at once; half the group ob erved the other  for a while, then  wapped over. Harry felt him elf po itively  welling with pride a  he watched them all. True, Neville did Stun Padma Patil rather than Dean, at whom he had been aiming, but it wa  a much clo er mi  than u ual, and everybody el e had made enormou  progre . At the end of an hour, Harry called a halt. 'You're getting really good,' he  aid, beaming around at them. 'When we get back from the holiday  we can  tart doing  ome of the big  tuff - maybe even Patronu e .' There wa  a murmur of excitement. The room began to clear in the u ual two  and three ; mo t people wi hed Harry a 'Happy Chri tma ' a  they went. Feeling cheerful, he collected up the cu hion  with Ron and Hermione and  tacked them neatly away. Ron and Hermione left before he did; he hung back a little, becau e Cho wa   till there and he wa  hoping to receive a 'Merry Chri tma ' from her. 'No, you go on,' he heard her  ay to her friend Marietta and hi  heart gave a jolt that  eemed to take it into the region of hi  Adam'  apple. He pretended to be  traightening the cu hion pile. He wa  quite  ure they were alone now and waited tor her to  peak. In tead, he heard a hearty  niff. He turned and  aw Cho  tanding in the middle of the room, tear  pouring down her face. 'Wha—?' He didn't know what to do. She wa   imply  tanding there, crying  ilently. 'What'  up?' he  aid, feebly. She  hook her head and wiped her eye  on her  leeve. 'I'm -  orry,'  he  aid thickly. 'I  uppo e… it'  ju t… learning all thi   tuff… it ju t make  me… wonder whether… if he'd known it all… he'd  till be alive.' Harry'  heart  ank right back pa t it  u ual  pot and  ettled  omewhere around hi  navel. He ought to have known. She wanted to talk about Cedric. 'He did know thi   tuff,' Harry  aid heavily. 'He wa  really good at it, or he could never have got to the middle of that maze. But if Voldemort really want  to kill you, you don't  tand a chance.' She hiccoughed at the  ound of Voldemort'  name, but  tared at Harry without flinching. 'You  urvived when you were ju t a baby,'  he  aid quietly. 'Yeah, well,'  aid Harry wearily, moving toward  the door, 'I dunno why nor doe  anyone el e,  o it'  nothing to be proud of.' 'Oh, don't go!'  aid Cho,  ounding tearful again. 'I'm really  orry to get all up et like thi … I didn't mean to…' She hiccoughed again. She wa  very pretty even when her eye  were red and puffy. Harry felt thoroughly mi erable. He'd have been  o plea ed with ju t a 'Merry Chri tma '. 'I know it mu t be horrible for you,'  he  aid, mopping her eye  on her  leeve again. 'Me mentioning Cedric, when you  aw him die… I  uppo e you ju t want to forget about it?' Harry did not  ay anything to thi ; it wa  quite true, but he felt heartle   aying it. 'You're a r-really good teacher, you know,'  aid Cho, with a watery  mile. 'I've never been able to Stun anything before.' Thank ,'  aid Harry awkwardly. They looked at each other for a long moment. Harry felt a burning de ire to run from the room and, at the  ame time, a complete inability to move hi  feet. 'Mi tletoe,'  aid Cho quietly, pointing at the ceiling over hi  head. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. Hi  mouth wa  very dry. 'It'  probably full of Nargle , though.' 'What are Nargle ?' 'No idea,'  aid Harry. She had moved clo er. Hi  brain  eemed to have been Stunned. 'You'd have to a k Loony. Luna, I mean.' Cho made a funny noi e halfway between a  ob and a laugh. She wa  even nearer to him now. He could have counted the freckle  on her no e. 'I really like you, Harry.' He could not think. A tingling  en ation wa   preading through him, paraly ing hi  arm , leg  and brain. She wa  much too clo e. He could  ee every tear clinging to her eyela he … He returned to the common room half an hour later to find Hermione and Ron in the be t  eat  by the fire; nearly everybody el e had gone to bed. Hermione wa  writing a very long letter;  he had already filled half a roll of parchment, which wa  dangling from the edge of the table. Ron wa  lying on the hearthrug, trying to fini h hi  Tran figuration homework. 'What kept you?' he a ked, a  Harry  ank into the armchair next to Hermione' . Harry didn't an wer. He wa  in a  tate of  hock. Half of him wanted to tell Ron and Hermione what had ju t happened, but the other half wanted to take the  ecret with him to the grave. 'Are you all right, Harry?' Hermione a ked, peering at him over the tip of her quill. Harry gave a half-hearted  hrug. In truth, he didn't know whether he wa  all right or not. 'What'  up?'  aid Ron, hoi ting him elf up on hi  elbow to get a clearer view of Harry. 'What'  happened?' Harry didn't quite know how to  et about telling them, and  till wa n't  ure whether he wanted to. Ju t a  he had decided not to  ay anything, Hermione took matter  out of hi  hand . 'I  it Cho?'  he a ked in a bu ine like way. 'Did  he corner you after the meeting?' Numbly  urpri ed, Harry nodded. Ron  niggered, breaking off when Hermione caught hi  eye. 'So - er - what did  he want?' he a ked in a mock ca ual voice. 'She -' Harry began, rather hoar ely; he cleared hi  throat and tried again. 'She - er -' 'Did you ki ?' a ked Hermione bri kly. Ron  at up  o fa t he  ent hi  ink bottle flying all over the rug. Di regarding thi  completely, he  tared avidly at Harry. 'Well?' he demanded. Harry looked from Ron'  expre ion of mingled curio ity and hilarity to Hermione'   light frown, and nodded. 'HA!' Ron made a triumphant ge ture with hi  fi t and went into a raucou  peal of laughter that made  everal timid-looking  econd-year  over be ide the window jump. A reluctant grin  pread over Harry'  face a  he watched Ron rolling around on the hearthrug. Hermione gave Ron a look of deep di gu t and returned to her letter. 'Well?' Ron  aid finally, looking up at Harry. 'How wa  it?' Harry con idered for a moment. 'Wet,' he  aid truthfully. Ron made a noi e that might have indicated jubilation or di gu t, it wa  hard to tell. 'Becau e  he wa  crying,' Harry continued heavily. 'Oh,'  aid Ron, hi   mile fading  lightly. 'Are you that bad at ki ing?' 'Dunno,'  aid Harry, who hadn't con idered thi , and immediately felt rather worried. 'Maybe I am.' 'Of cour e you're not,'  aid Hermione ab ently,  till  cribbling away at her letter. 'How do you know?'  aid Ron very  harply. 'Becau e Cho  pend  half her time crying the e day ,'  aid Hermione vaguely. 'She doe  it at mealtime , in the loo , all over the place.' 'You'd think a bit of ki ing would cheer her up,'  aid Ron, grinning. 'Ron,'  aid Hermione in a dignified voice, dipping the point of her quill into her inkpot, 'you are the mo t in en itive wart I have ever had the mi fortune to meet.' 'What'  that  uppo ed to mean?'  aid Ron indignantly. 'What  ort of per on crie  while  omeone'  ki ing them?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry,  lightly de perately, 'who doe ?' Hermione looked at the pair of them with an almo t pitying expre ion on her face. 'Don't you under tand how Cho'  feeling at the moment?'  he a ked. 'No,'  aid Harry and Ron together. Hermione  ighed and laid down her quill. 'Well, obviou ly,  he'  feeling very  ad, becau e of Cedric dying. Then I expect  he'  feeling confu ed becau e  he liked Cedric and now  he like  Harry, and  he can't work out who  he like  be t. Then  he'll be feeling guilty, thinking it'  an in ult to Cedric'  memory to be ki ing Harry at all, and  he'll be worrying about what everyone el e might  ay about her if  he  tart  going out with Harry. And  he probably can't work out what her feeling  toward  Harry are, anyway, becau e he wa  the one who wa  with Cedric when Cedric died,  o that'  all very mixed up and painful. Oh, and  he'  afraid  he'  going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team becau e  he'  been flying  o badly.' A  lightly  tunned  ilence greeted the end of thi   peech, then Ron  aid, 'One per on can't feel all that at once, they'd explode.' 'Ju t becau e you've got the emotional range of a tea poon doe n't mean we all have,'  aid Hermione na tily picking up her quill again. 'She wa  the one who  tarted it,'  aid Harry. 'I wouldn'tVe -  he ju t  ort of came at me - and next thing  he'  crying all over me - I didn't know what to do —' 'Don't blame you, mate,'  aid Ron, looking alarmed at the very thought. 'You ju t had to be nice to her,'  aid Hermione, looking up anxiou ly. 'You were, weren't you?' 'Well,'  aid Harry, an unplea ant heat creeping up hi  face, 'I  ort of - patted her on the back a bit.' Hermione looked a  though  he wa  re training her elf from rolling her eye  with extreme difficulty. 'Well, I  uppo e it could have been wor e,'  he  aid. 'Are you going to  ee her again?' Til have to, won't I?'  aid Harry. 'We've got DA meeting , haven't we?' 'You know what I mean,'  aid Hermione impatiently. Harry  aid nothing. Hermione'  word  opened up a whole new vi ta of frightening po ibilitie . He tried to imagine going  omewhere with Cho — Hog meade, perhap  - and being alone with her for hour  at a time. Of cour e,  he would have been expecting him to a k her out after what had ju t happened… the thought made hi   tomach clench painfully. 'Oh well,'  aid Hermione di tantly, buried in her letter once more, 'you'll have plenty of opportunitie  to a k her.' 'What if he doe n't want to a k her?'  aid Ron, who had been watching Harry with an unu ually  hrewd expre ion on hi  face. 'Don't be  illy,'  aid Hermione vaguely, 'Harry'  liked her for age , haven't you, Harry?' He did not an wer. Ye , he had liked Cho for age , but whenever he had imagined a  cene involving the two of them it had alway  featured a Cho who wa  enjoying her elf, a  oppo ed to a Cho who wa   obbing uncontrollably into hi   houlder. 'Who're you writing the novel to, anyway?' Ron a ked Hermione, trying to read the bit of parchment now trailing on the floor. Hermione hitched it up out of  ight. 'Viktor.' 'Krum?' 'How many other Viktor  do we know?' Ron  aid nothing, but looked di gruntled. They  at in  ilence for another twenty minute , Ron fini hing hi  Tran figuration e ay with many  nort  of impatience and cro ing -out, Hermione writing  teadily to the very end of the parchment, rolling it up carefully and  ealing it, and Harry  taring into the fire, wi hing more than anything that Siriu '  head would appear there and give him  ome advice about girl . But the fire merely crackled lower and lower, until the red-hot ember  crumbled into a h and, looking around, Harry  aw that they were, yet again, the la t one  in the common room. 'Well, night,'  aid Hermione, yawning widely a   he  et olf up the girl '  tairca e. 'What doe   he  ee in Krum?' Ron demanded, a  he and Harry climbed the boy '  tair . 'Well,'  aid Harry, con idering the matter, 'I' 'po e he'  older, i n't he… and he'  an international Quidditch player…' 'Yeah, but apart from that,'  aid Ron,  ounding aggravated. 'I mean, he'  a grouchy git, i n't he?' 'Bit grouchy, yeah,'  aid Harry, who e thought  were  till on Cho. They pulled off their robe  and put on pyjama  in  ilence; Dean, Seamu  and Neville were already a leep. Harry put hi  gla e  on hi  bed ide table and got into bed but did not pull the hanging  clo ed around hi  four-po ter; in tead, he  tared at the patch of  tarry  ky vi ible through the window next to Neville'  bed. If he had known, thi  time la t night, that in twenty-four hour ' time he would have ki ed Cho Chang… 'Night,' grunted Ron, from  omewhere to hi  right. 'Night,'  aid Harry. Maybe next time… if there wa  a next time…  he'd be a bit happier. He ought to have a ked her out;  he had probably been expecting it and wa  now really angry with him… or wa   he lying in bed,  till crying about Cedric? He did not know what to think. Hermione'  explanation had made it all  eem more complicated rather than ea ier to under tand. That'  what they  hould teach u  here, he thought, turning over on to hi   ide, how girl ' brain  work… it'd be more u eful than Divination, anyway… Neville  nuffled in hi   leep. An owl hooted  omewhere out in the night. Harry dreamed he wa  back in the DA room. Cho wa  accu ing him of luring her there under fal e pretence ;  he  aid he had promi ed her a hundred and fifty Chocolate Frog Card  if  he  howed up. Harry prote ted… Cho  houted, 'Cedricgave me load  of Chocolate Frog Card , look!' And  he pulled out fi tful  of Card  from in ide her robe  and threw them into the air. Then  he turned into Hermione, who  aid, 'You did promi e her, you know, Harry… I think you'd better give her  omething el e in tead… how about your Firebolt?' And Harry wa  prote ting that he could not give Cho hi  Firebolt, becau e Umbridge had it, and anyway the whole thing wa  ridiculou , he'd only come to the DA room to put up  ome Chri tma  bauble   haped like Dobby'  head… The dream changed… Hi  body felt  mooth, powerful and flexible. He wa  gliding between  hining metal bar , acro  dark, cold  tone… he wa  flat again t the floor,  liding along on hi  belly… it wa  dark, yet he could  ee object  around him  himmering in  trange, vibrant colour … he wa  turning hi  head… at fir t glance the corridor wa  empty… but no… a man wa   itting on the floor ahead, hi  chin drooping on to hi  che t, hi  outline gleaming in the dark… Harry put out hi  tongue… he ta ted the man'   cent on the air… he wa  alive but drow y…  itting in front of a door at the end of the corridor… Harry longed to bite the man… but he mu t ma ter the impul e… he had more important work to do… But the man wa   tirring… a  ilver Cloak fell from hi  leg  a  he jumped to hi  feet; and Harry  aw hi  vibrant, blurred outline towering above him,  aw a wand withdrawn from a belt… he had no choice… he reared high from the floor and  truck once, twice, three time , plunging hi  fang  deeply into the man'  fle h, feeling hi  rib   plinter beneath hi  jaw , feeling the warm gu h of blood… The man wa  yelling in pain… then he fell  ilent… he  lumped backward  again t the wall… blood wa   plattering on to the floor… Hi  forehead hurt terribly… it wa  aching fit to bur t… 'Harry! HARRY!' He opened hi  eye . Every inch of hi  body wa  covered in icy  weat; hi  bed cover  were twi ted all around him like a  trait-jacket; he felt a  though a white-hot poker were being applied to hi  forehead. 'Harry!' Ron wa   tanding over him looking extremely frightened. There were more figure  at the foot of Harry'  bed. He clutched hi  head in hi  hand ; the pain wa  blinding him… he rolled right over and vomited over the edge of the mattre . 'He'  really ill,'  aid a  cared voice. 'Should we call  omeone?' 'Harry! Harry!' He had to tell Ron, it wa  very important that he tell him… taking great gulp  of air, Harry pu hed him elf up in bed, willing him elf not to throw up again, the pain half-blinding him. 'Your dad,' he panted, hi  che t heaving. 'Your dad' … been attacked…' 'What?'  aid Ron uncomprehendingly. 'Your dad! He'  been bitten, it'   eriou , there wa  blood everywhere…" 'I'm going for help,'  aid the  ame  cared voice, and Harry heard foot tep  running out of the dormitory. 'Harry, mate,'  aid Ron uncertainly, 'you… you were ju t dreaming…' 'No!'  aid Harry furiou ly; it wa  crucial that Ron under tand. 'It wa n't a dream… not an ordinary dream… I wa  there, I  aw it… I did it…' He could hear Seamu  and Dean muttering but did not care. The pain in hi  forehead wa   ub iding  lightly, though he wa   till  weating and  hivering feveri hly. He retched again and Ron leapt backward  out of the way. 'Harry, you're not well,' he  aid  hakily. 'Neville'  gone for help.' 'I'm fine!' Harry choked, wiping hi  mouth on hi  pyjama  and  haking uncontrollably. There'  nothing wrong with me, it'  your dad you've got to worry about - we need to find out where he i  - he'  bleeding like mad - I wa  - it wa  a huge  nake.' He tried to get out of bed but Ron pu hed him back into it; Dean and Seamu  were  till whi pering  omewhere nearby. Whether one minute pa ed or ten, Harry did not know; he  imply  at there  haking, feeling the pain recede very  lowly from hi   car… then there were hurried foot tep  coming up the  tair  and he heard Neville'  voice again. 'Over here, Profe or.' Profe or McGonagall came hurrying into the dormitory in her tartan dre ing gown, her gla e  perched lop idedly on the bridge of her bony no e. 'What i  it, Potter? Where doe  it hurt?' He had never been  o plea ed to  ee her; it wa  a member of the Order of the Phoenix he needed now, not  omeone fu ing over him and pre cribing u ele  potion . 'It'  Ron'  dad,' he  aid,  itting up again. 'He'  been attacked by a  nake and it'   eriou , I  aw it happen.' 'What do you mean, you  aw it happen?'  aid Profe or McGonagall, her dark eyebrow  contracting. 'I don't know… I wa  a leep and then I wa  there…' 'You mean you dreamed thi ?' 'No!'  aid Harry angrily; would none of them under tand? 'I wa  having a dream at fir t about  omething completely different,  omething  tupid… and then thi  interrupted it. It wa  real, I didn't imagine it. Mr Wea ley wa  a leep on the floor and he wa  attacked by a gigantic  nake, there wa  a load of blood, he collap ed,  omeone'  got to find out where he i …' Profe or McGonagall wa  gazing at him through her lop ided  pectacle  a  though horrified at what  he wa   eeing. 'I'm not lying and I'm not mad!' Harry told her, hi  voice ri ing to a  hout. 'I tell you, I  aw it happen!' 'I believe you, Potter,'  aid Profe or McGonagall curtly. 'Put on your dre ing gown - we're going to  ee the Headma ter.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 22 - St Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and... Harry wa   o relieved  he wa  taking him  eriou ly that he did not he itate, but jumped out of bed at once, pulled on hi  dre ing gown and pu hed hi  gla e  back on to hi  no e. 'Wea ley, you ought to come too,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. They followed Profe or McGonagall pa t the  ilent figure  of Neville, Dean and Seamu , out of the dormitory, down the  piral  tair  into the common room, through the portrait hole and off along the Fat Lady'  moonlit corridor. Harry felt a  though the panic in ide him might  pill over at any moment; he wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore; Mr Wea ley wa  bleeding a  they walked along  o  edately, and what if tho e fang  (Harry tried hard not to think 'my fang ') had been poi onou ? They pa ed Mr . Norri , who turned her lamplike eye  upon them and hi ed faintly, but Profe or McGonagall  aid, 'Shoo!' Mr . Norri   lunk away into the  hadow , and in a few minute  they had reached the  tone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledore'  office. 'Fizzing Whizzbee,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. The gargoyle  prang to life and leapt a ide; the wall behind it  plit in two to reveal a  tone  tairca e that wa  moving continually upward  like a  piral e calator. The three of them  tepped on to the moving  tair ; the wall clo ed behind them with a thud and they were moving upward  in tight circle  until they reached the highly poli hed oak door with the bra  knocker  haped like a griffin. Though it wa  now well pa t midnight there were voice  coming from in ide the room, a po itive babble of them. It  ounded a  though Dumbledore wa  entertaining at lea t a dozen people. Profe or McGonagall rapped three time  with the griffin knocker and the voice  cea ed abruptly a  though  omeone had  witched them all off. The door opened of it  own accord and Profe or McGonagall led Harry and Ron in ide. The room wa  in half-darkne ; the  trange  ilver in trument   tanding on table  were  ilent and  till rather than whirring and emitting puff  of  moke a  they u ually did; the portrait  of old headma ter  and headmi tre e  covering the wall  were all  noozing in their frame . Behind the door, a magnificent red and gold bird the  ize of a  wan dozed on it  perch with it  head under it  wing. 'Oh, it'  you, Profe or McGonagall… and… ah.' Dumbledore wa   itting in a high-backed chair behind hi  de k; he leaned forward into the pool of candlelight illuminating the paper  laid out before him. He wa  wearing a magnificently embroidered purple and gold dre ing gown over a  nowy white night hirt, but  eemed wide-awake, hi  penetrating light blue eye  fixed intently upon Profe or McGonagall. 'Profe or Dumbledore, Potter ha  had a… well, a nightmare,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. 'He  ay …' 'It wa n't a nightmare,'  aid Harry quickly. Profe or McGonagall looked round at Harry, frowning  lightly. 'Very well, then, Potter, you tell the Headma ter about it.' 'I… well, I wa  a leep…'  aid Harry and, even in hi  terror and hi  de peration to make Dumbledore under tand, he felt  lightly irritated that the Headma ter wa  not looking at him, but examining hi  own interlocked finger . 'But it wa n't an ordinary dream… it wa  real… I  aw it happen…' He took a deep breath, 'Ron'  dad - Mr Wea ley - ha  been attacked by a giant  nake.' The word   eemed to reverberate in the air after he had  aid them,  ounding  lightly ridiculou , even comic. There wa  a pau e in which Dumbledore leaned back and  tared meditatively at the ceiling. Ron looked from Harry to Dumbledore, white-faced and  hocked. 'How did you  ee thi ?' Dumbledore a ked quietly,  till not looking at Harry. 'Well… I don't know,'  aid Harry, rather angrily - what did it matter? 'In ide my head, I  uppo e -' 'You mi under tand me,'  aid Dumbledore,  till in the  ame calm tone. 'I mean… can you remember — er - where you were po itioned a  you watched thi  attack happen? Were you perhap   tanding be ide the victim, or el e looking down on the  cene from above?' Thi  wa   uch a curiou  que tion that Harry gaped at Dumbledore; it wa  almo t a  though he knew… 'I wa  the  nake,' he  aid. 'I  aw it all from the  nake'  point of view.' Nobody el e  poke for a moment, then Dumbledore, now looking at Ron who wa   till whey-faced, a ked in a new and  harper voice, 'I  Arthur  eriou ly injured?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry emphatically - why were they all  o  low on the uptake, did they not reali e how much a per on bled when fang  that long pierced their  ide? And why could Dumbledore not do him the courte y of looking at him? But Dumbledore  tood up,  o quickly it made Harry jump, and addre ed one of the old portrait  hanging very near the ceiling. 'Everard?' he  aid  harply. 'And you too, Dily !' A  allow-faced wizard with a  hort black fringe and an elderly witch with long  ilver ringlet  in the frame be ide him, both of whom  eemed to have been in the deepe t of  leep , opened their eye  immediately. 'You were li tening?'  aid Dumbledore. The wizard nodded; the witch  aid, 'Naturally.' The man ha  red hair and gla e ,'  aid Dumbledore. 'Everard, you will need to rai e the alarm, make  ure he i  found by the right people -' Both nodded and moved  ideway  out of their frame , but in tead of emerging in neighbouring picture  (a  u ually happened at Hogwart ) neither reappeared. One frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain, the other a hand ome leather armchair. Harry noticed that many of the other headma ter  and mi tre e  on the wall , though  noring and drooling mo t convincingly, kept  neaking peek  at him from under their eyelid , and he  uddenly under tood who had been talking when they had knocked. 'Everard and Dily  were two of Hogwart '  mo t celebrated Head ,' Dumbledore  aid, now  weeping around Harry, Ron and Profe or McGonagall to approach the magnificent  leeping bird on hi  perch be ide the door. Their renown i   uch that both have portrait  hanging in other important wizarding in titution . A  they are free to move between their own portrait , they can tell u  what may be happening el ewhere…" 'But Mr Wea ley could be anywhere!'  aid Harry. 'Plea e  it down, all three of you,'  aid Dumbledore, a  though Harry had not  poken, 'Everard and Dily  may not be back for  everal minute . Profe or McGonagall, if you could draw up extra chair .' Profe or McGonagall pulled her wand from the pocket of her dre ing gown and waved it; three chair  appeared out of thin air,  traight-backed and wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchair  that Dumbledore had conjured up at Harry'  hearing. Harry  at down, watching Dumbledore over hi   houlder. Dumbledore wa  now  troking Fawke '  plumed golden head with one finger. The phoenix awoke immediately. He  tretched hi  beautiful head high and ob erved Dumbledore through bright, dark eye . 'We will need,' Dumbledore  aid very quietly to the bird, 'a warning.' There wa  a fla h of fire and the phoenix had gone. Dumbledore now  wooped down upon one of the fragile  ilver in trument  who e function Harry had never known, carried it over to hi  de k,  at down facing them again and tapped it gently with the tip of hi  wand. The in trument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic clinking noi e . Tiny puff  of pale green  moke i ued from the minu cule  ilver tube at the top. Dumbledore watched the  moke clo ely, hi  brow furrowed. After a few  econd , the tiny puff  became a  teady  tream of  moke that thickened and coiled in the air… a  erpent'  head grew out of the end of it, opening it  mouth wide. Harry wondered whether the in trument wa  confirming hi   tory: he looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a  ign that he wa  right, but Dumbledore did not look up. 'Naturally, naturally,' murmured Dumbledore apparently to him elf,  till ob erving the  tream of  moke without the  lighte t  ign of  urpri e. 'But in e ence divided?' Harry could make neither head nor tail of thi  que tion. The  moke  erpent, however,  plit it elf in tantly into two  nake , both coiling and undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim  ati faction, Dumbledore gave the in trument another gentle tap with hi  wand: the clinking noi e  lowed and died and the  moke  erpent  grew faint, became a formle  haze and vani hed. Dumbledore replaced the in trument on it   pindly little table. Harry  aw many of the old headma ter  in the portrait  follow him with their eye , then, reali ing that Harry wa  watching them, ha tily pretend to be  leeping again. Harry wanted to a k what the  trange  ilver in trument wa  for, but before he could do  o, there wa  a  hout from the top of the wall to their right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in hi  portrait, panting  lightly. 'Dumbledore!' 'What new ?'  aid Dumbledore at once. 'I yelled until  omeone came running,'  aid the wizard, who wa  mopping hi  brow on the curtain behind him, ' aid I'd heard  omething moving down tair  - they weren't  ure whether to believe me but went down to check - you know there are no portrait  down there to watch from. Anyway, they carried him up a few minute  later. He doe n't look good, he'  covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg'  portrait to get a good view a  they left -' 'Good,'  aid Dumbledore a  Ron made a convul ive movement. 'I take it Dily  will have  een him arrive, then -' And moment  later, the  ilver-ringleted witch had reappeared in her picture, too;  he  ank, coughing, into her armchair and  aid, 'Ye , they've taken him to St Mungo' , Dumbledore… they carried him pa t my portrait… he look  bad…' Thank you,'  aid Dumbledore. He looked round at Profe or McGonagall. 'Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other Wea ley children.' 'Of cour e…' Profe or McGonagall got up and moved  wiftly to the door. Harry ca t a  ideway  glance at Ron, who wa  looking terrified. 'And Dumbledore - what about Molly?'  aid Profe or McGonagall, pau ing at the door. That will be a job for Fawke  when he ha  fini hed keeping a lookout for anybody approaching,'  aid Dumbledore. 'But  he may already know… that excellent clock of her …' Harry knew Dumbledore wa  referring to the clock that told, not the time, but the whereabout  and condition  of the variou  Wea ley family member , and with a pang he thought that Mr Wea ley'  hand mu t, even now, be pointing at mortal peril. But it wa  very late. Mr . Wea ley wa  probably a leep, not watching the clock. Harry felt cold a  he remembered Mr . Wea ley'  Boggart turning into Mr Wea ley'  lifele  body, hi  gla e  a kew, blood running down hi  face… but Mr Wea ley wa n't going to die… he couldn't… Dumbledore wa  now rummaging in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron. He emerged from it carrying a blackened old kettle, which he placed carefully on hi  de k. He rai ed hi  wand and murmured, 'Portu !' For a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light; then it quivered to re t, a   olidly black a  ever. Dumbledore marched over to another portrait, thi  time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard, who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colour  of green and  ilver and wa  apparently  leeping  o deeply that he could not hear Dumbledore'  voice when he attempted to rou e him. 'Phinea . Phinea .' The  ubject  of the portrait  lining the room were no longer pretending to be a leep; they were  hifting around in their frame , the better to watch what wa  happening. When the clever-looking wizard continued to feign  leep,  ome of them  houted hi  name, too. 'Phinea ! Phinea ! PHINEAS!' He could not pretend any longer; he gave a theatrical jerk and opened hi  eye  wide. 'Did  omeone call?' 'I need you to vi it your other portrait again, Phinea ,'  aid Dumbledore. 'I've got another me age.' 'Vi it my other portrait?'  aid Phinea  in a reedy voice, giving a long, fake yawn (hi  eye  travelling around the room and focu ing on Harry). 'Oh, no, Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight.' Something about Phinea '  voice wa  familiar to Harry, where had he heard it before? But before he could think, the portrait  on the  urrounding wall  broke into a  torm of prote t. 'In ubordination,  ir!' roared a corpulent, red-no ed wizard, brandi hing hi  fi t . 'Dereliction of duty!' 'We are honour-bound to give  ervice to the pre ent Headma ter of Hogwart !' cried a frail-looking old wizard whom Harry recogni ed a  Dumbledore'  predece or, Armando Dippet. 'Shame on you, Phinea !' 'Shall I per uade him, Dumbledore?' called a gimlet-eyed witch, rai ing an unu ually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod. 'Oh, very well,'  aid the wizard called Phinea , eyeing the wand with mild apprehen ion, 'though he may well have de troyed my picture by now, he'  done away with mo t of the family -' 'Siriu  know  not to de troy your portrait,'  aid Dumbledore, and Harry reali ed immediately where he had heard Phinea '  voice before: i uing from the apparently empty frame in hi  bedroom in Grimmauld Place. 'You are to give him the me age that Arthur Wea ley ha  been gravely injured and that hi  wife, children and Harry Potter will be arriving at hi  hou e  hortly. Do you under tand?' 'Arthur Wea ley, injured, wife and children and Harry Potter coming to  tay,' repeated Phinea  in a bored voice. 'Ye , ye … very well He  loped away into the frame of the portrait and di appeared from view at the very moment the  tudy door opened again. Fred, George and Ginny were u hered in ide by Profe or McGonagall, all three of them looking di hevelled and  hocked,  till in their night thing . 'Harry - what'  going on?' a ked Ginny, who looked frightened. 'Profe or McGonagall  ay  you  aw Dad get hurt -' 'Your father ha  been injured in the cour e of hi  work for the Order of the Phoenix,'  aid Dumbledore, before Harry could  peak. 'He ha  been taken to St Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie . I am  ending you back to Siriu '  hou e, which i  much more convenient for the ho pital than The Burrow. You will meet your mother there.' 'How're we going?' a ked Fred, looking  haken. Tloo powder?' 'No,'  aid Dumbledore, Tloo powder i  not  afe at the moment, the Network i  being watched. You will be taking a Portkey.' He indicated the old kettle lying innocently on hi  de k. 'We are ju t waiting for Phinea  Nigellu  to report back… I want to be  ure that the coa t i  clear before  ending you -' There wa  a fla h of flame in the very middle of the office, leaving behind a  ingle golden feather that floated gently to the floor. 'It i  Fawke '  warning,'  aid Dumbledore, catching the feather a  it fell. 'Profe or Umbridge mu t know you're out of your bed … Minerva, go and head her off - tell her any  tory -' Profe or McGonagall wa  gone in a  wi h of tartan. 'He  ay  he'll be delighted,'  aid a bored voice behind Dumbledore; the wizard called Phinea  had reappeared in front of hi  Slytherin banner. 'My great-great-grand on ha  alway  had an odd ta te in hou e-gue t .' 'Come here, then,' Dumbledore  aid to Harry and the Wea ley . 'And quickly, before anyone el e join  u .' Harry and the other  gathered around Dumbledore'  de k. 'You have all u ed a Portkey before?' a ked Dumbledore, and they nodded, each reaching out to touch  ome part of the blackened kettle. 'Good. On the count of three, then… one… two…' It happened in a fraction of a  econd: in the infinite imal pau e before Dumbledore  aid 'three', Harry looked up at him - they were very clo e together - and Dumbledore'  clear blue gaze moved from the Portkey to Harry'  face. At once, Harry'   car burned white-hot, a  though the old wound had bur t open again - and unbidden, unwanted, but terrifyingly  trong, there ro e within Harry a hatred  o powerful he felt, for that in tant, he would like nothing better than to  trike - to bite - to  ink hi  fang  into the man before him — '… three.' Harry felt a powerful jerk behind hi  navel, the ground vani hed from beneath hi  feet, hi  hand wa  glued to the kettle; he wa  banging into the other  a  they all  ped forward  in a  wirl of colour  and a ru h of wind, the kettle pulling them onward … until hi  feet hit the ground  o hard hi  knee  buckled, the kettle clattered to the ground, and  omewhere clo e at hand a voice  aid: 'Back again, the blood-traitor brat . I  it true their father'  dying?' 'OUT!' roared a  econd voice. Harry  crambled to hi  feet and looked around; they had arrived in the gloomy ba ement kitchen of number twelve, Grimmauld Place. The only  ource  of light were the fire and one guttering candle, which illuminated the remain  of a  olitary  upper. Kreacher wa  di appearing through the door to the hall, looking back at them malevolently a  he hitched up hi  loincloth; Siriu  wa  hurrying toward  them all, looking anxiou . He wa  un haven and  till in hi  day clothe ; there wa  al o a  lightly Mundungu -like whiff of  tale drink about him. 'What'  going on?' he  aid,  tretching out a hand to help Ginny up. Thinea  Nigellu   aid Arthur'  been badly injured —' 'A k Harry,'  aid Fred. 'Yeah, I want to hear thi  for my elf,'  aid George. The twin  and Ginny were  taring at him. Kreacher'  foot tep  had  topped on the  tair  out ide. 'It wa  -' Harry began; thi  wa  even wor e than telling McGonagall and Dumbledore. 'I had a - a kind of - vi ion And he told them all that he had  een, though he altered the  tory  o that it  ounded a  though he had watched from the  ideline  a  the  nake attacked, rather than from behind the  nake'  own eye . Ron, who wa   till very white, gave him a fleeting look, but did not  peak. When Harry had fini hed, Fred, George and Ginny continued to  tare at him for a moment. Harry did not know whether he wa  imagining it or not, but he fancied there wa   omething accu atory in their look . Well, if they were going to blame him ju t for  eeing the attack, he wa  glad he had not told them that he had been in ide the  nake at the time. 'I  Mum here?'  aid Fred, turning to Siriu . 'She probably doe n't even know what'  happened yet,'  aid Siriu . The important thing wa  to get you away before Umbridge could interfere. I expect Dumbledore  letting Molly know now.' 'We've got to go to St Mungo' ,'  aid Ginny urgently. She looked around at her brother ; they were of cour e  till in their pyjama . 'Siriu , can you lend u  cloak  or anything?' 'Hang on, you can't go tearing off to St Mungo' !'  aid Siriu . 'Cour e we can go to St Mungo'  if we want,'  aid Fred, with a muli h expre ion. 'He'  our dad!' 'And how are you going to explain how you knew Arthur wa  attacked before the ho pital even let hi  wife know?' 'What doe  that matter?'  aid George hotly. 'It matter  becau e we don't want to draw attention to the fact that Harry i  having vi ion  of thing  that are happening hundred  of mile  away!'  aid Siriu  angrily. 'Have you any idea what the Mini try would make of that information?' Fred and George looked a  though they could not care le  what the Mini try made of anything. Ron wa   till a hen-faced and  ilent. Ginny  aid, 'Somebody el e could have told u … we could have heard it  omewhere other than Harry.' 'Like who?'  aid Siriu  impatiently. 'Li ten, your dad'  been hurt while on duty for the Order and the circum tance  are fi hy enough without hi  children knowing about it  econd  after it happened, you could  eriou ly damage the Order'  -' 'We don't care about the dumb Order!'  houted Fred. 'It'  our dad dying we're talking about!' yelled George. 'Your father knew what he wa  getting into and he won't thank you for me ing thing  up for the Order!'  aid Siriu , equally angry. Thi  i  how it i  - thi  i  why you're not in the Order - you don't under tand - there are thing  worth dying for!' 'Ea y for you to  ay,  tuck here!' bellowed Fred. 'I don't  ee you ri king your neck!' The little colour remaining in Siriu '  face drained from it. He looked for a moment a  though he would quite like to hit Fred, but when he  poke, it wa  in a voice of determined calm. 'I know it'  hard, but we've all got to act a  though we don't know anything yet. We've got to  tay put, at lea t until we hear from your mother, all right?' Fred and George  till looked mutinou . Ginny, however, took a few  tep  over to the neare t chair and  ank into it. Harry looked at Ron, who made a funny movement  omewhere between a nod and a  hrug, and they  at down too. The twin  glared at Siriu  for another minute, then took  eat  either  ide of Ginny. That'  right,'  aid Siriu  encouragingly, 'come on, let'  all… let'  all have a drink while we're waiting. Accio Butterbeer!' He rai ed hi  wand a  he  poke and half a dozen bottle  came flying toward  them out of the pantry,  kidded along the table,  cattering the debri  of Sinu '  meal, and  topped neatly in front of the  ix of them. They all drank, and for a while the only  ound  were tho e of the crackling of the kitchen fire and the  oft thud of their bottle  on the table. Harry wa  only drinking to have  omething to do with hi  hand . Hi   tomach wa  full of horrible hot, bubbling guilt. They would not be here if it were not for him; they would all  till be a leep in bed. And it wa  no good telling him elf that by rai ing the alarm he had en ured that Mr Wea ley wa  found, becau e there wa  al o the ine capable bu ine  of it being he who had attacked Mr Wea ley in the fir t place. Don't be  tupid, you haven't got fang , he told him elf, trying to keep calm, though the hand on hi  Butterbeer bottle wa   haking, you were lying in bed, you weren't attacking anyone… But then, what ju t happened in Dumbledore'  office? he a ked him elf. I felt like I wanted to attack Dumbledore, too… He put the bottle down a little harder than he meant to, and it  lopped over on to the table. No one took any notice. Then a bur t of fire in midair illuminated the dirty plate  in front of them and, a  they gave crie  of  hock, a  croll of parchment fell with a thud on to the table, accompanied by a  ingle golden phoenix tail feather. 'Fawke !'  aid Siriu  at once,  natching up the parchment. That'  not Dumbledore'  writing - it mu t be a me age from your mother - here -' He thru t the letter into George'  hand, who ripped it open and read aloud: 'Dad i   till alive. I am  etting out for St Mungo'  now. Stay where you are. I will  end new  a   oon a  I can. Mum.' George looked around the table. 'Still alive…' he  aid  lowly. 'But that make  it  ound…' He did not need to fini h the  entence. It  ounded to Harry, too, a  though Mr Wea ley wa  hovering  omewhere between life and death. Still exceptionally pale, Ron  tared at the back of hi  mother  letter a  though it might  peak word  of comfort to him. Fred pulled the parchment out of George'  hand  and read it for him elf, then looked up at Harry, who felt hi  hand  haking on hi  Butterbeer bottle again and clenched it more tightly to  top the trembling. If Harry had ever  at through a longer night than thi  one, he could not remember it. Siriu   ugge ted once, without any real conviction, that they all go to bed, but the Wea ley ' look  of di gu t were an wer enough. They mo tly  at in  ilence around the table, watching the candle wick  inking lower and lower into liquid wax, occa ionally rai ing a bottle to their lip ,  peaking only to check the time, to wonder aloud what wa  happening, and to rea ure each other that if there wa  bad new , they would know  traightaway, for Mr . Wea ley mu t long  ince have arrived at St Mungo' . Fred fell into a doze, hi  head lolling  ideway  on to hi   houlder. Ginny wa  curled like a cat on her chair, but her eye  were open; Harry could  ee them reflecting the firelight. Ron wa   itting with hi  head in hi  hand , whether awake or a leep it wa  impo ible to tell. Harry and Siriu  looked at each other every  o often, intruder  upon the family grief, waiting… waiting… At ten pa t five in the morning by Ron'  watch, the kitchen door  wung open and Mr . Wea ley entered the kitchen. She wa  extremely pale, but when they all turned to look at her, Fred, Ron and Harry half ri ing from their chair ,  he gave a wan  mile. 'He'  going to be all right,'  he  aid, her voice weak with tiredne . 'He'   leeping. We can all go and  ee him later. Bill'   itting with him now; he'  going to take the morning off work.' Fred fell back into hi  chair with hi  hand  over hi  face. George and Ginny got up, walked  wiftly over to their mother and hugged her. Ron gave a very  haky laugh and downed the re t of hi  Butterbeer in one. 'Breakfa t!'  aid Siriu  loudly and joyfully, jumping to hi  feet. 'Where'  that accur ed hou e-elf? Kreacher! KREACHER!' But Kreacher did not an wer the  ummon . 'Oh, forget it, then,' muttered Siriu , counting the people in front of him. 'So, it'  breakfa t for - let'   ee -  even… bacon and egg , I think, and  ome tea, and toa t -' Harry hurried over to the  tove to help. He did not want to intrude on the Wea ley ' happine  and he dreaded the moment when Mr . Wea ley would a k him to recount hi  vi ion. However, he had barely taken plate  from the dre er when Mr . Wea ley lifted them out of hi  hand  and pulled him into a hug. 'I don't know what would have happened if it hadn't been for you, Harry,'  he  aid in a muffled voice. They might not have found Arthur for hour , and then it would have been too late, but thank  to you he'  alive and Dumbledore'  been able to think up a good cover  tory for Arthur being where he wa , you've no idea what trouble he would have been in otherwi e, look at poor Sturgi …" Harry could hardly bear her gratitude, but fortunately  he  oon relea ed him to turn to Siriu  and thank him for looking after her children through the night. Siriu   aid he wa  very plea ed to have been able to help, and hoped they would all  tay with him a  long a  Mr Wea ley wa  in ho pital. 'Oh, Siriu , I'm  o grateful… they think he'll be there a little while and it would be wonderful to be nearer… of cour e, that might mean we're here for Chri tma .' The more the merrier!'  aid Siriu  with  uch obviou   incerity that Mr . Wea ley beamed at him, threw on an apron and began to help with breakfa t. 'Siriu ,' Harry muttered, unable to  tand it a moment longer. 'Can I have a quick word? Er - now?' He walked into the dark pantry and Siriu  followed. Without preamble, Harry told hi  godfather every detail of the vi ion he had had, including the fact that he him elf had been the  nake who had attacked Mr Wea ley. When he pau ed for breath, Siriu   aid, 'Did you tell Dumbledore thi ?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry impatiently, 'but he didn't tell me what it meant. Well, he doe n't tell me anything any more.' 'I'm  ure he would have told you if it wa  anything to worry about,'  aid Siriu   teadily. 'But that'  not all,'  aid Harry, in a voice only a little above a whi per. 'Siriu , I… I think I'm going mad. Back in Dumbledore'  office, ju t before we took the Portkey… for a couple of  econd  there I thought I wa  a  nake, I felt like one - my  car really hurt when I wa  looking at Dumbledore - Siriu , I wanted to attack him!' He could only  ee a  liver of Siriu  face; the re t wa  in darkne . 'It mu t have been the aftermath of the vi ion, that'  all,'  aid Siriu . 'You were  till thinking of the dream or whatever it wa  and -' 'It wa n't that,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head, 'it wa  like  omething ro e up in ide me, like there'  a  nake in ide me.' 'You need to  leep,'  aid Siriu  firmly. 'You're going to have breakfa t, then go up tair  to bed, and after lunch you can go and  ee Arthur with the other . You're in  hock, Harry; you're blaming your elf for  omething you only witne ed, and it'  lucky you did witne  it or Arthur might have died. Ju t  top worrying.' He clapped Harry on the  houlder and left the pantry, leaving Harry  tanding alone in the dark. * Everyone but Harry  pent the re t of the morning  leeping. He went up to the bedroom he and Ron had  hared over the la t few week  of  ummer, but while Ron crawled into bed and wa  a leep within minute , Harry  at fully clothed, hunched again t the cold metal bar  of the bed tead, keeping him elf deliberately uncomfortable, determined not to fall into a doze, terrified that he might become the  erpent again in hi   leep and wake to find that he had attacked Ron, or el e  lithered through the hou e after one of the other … When Ron woke up, Harry pretended to have enjoyed a refre hing nap too. Their trunk  arrived from Hogwart  while they were eating lunch,  o they could dre  a  Muggle  for the trip to St Mungo' . Everybody except Harry wa  riotou ly happy and talkative a  they changed out of their robe  into jean  and  weat hirt . When Tonk  and Mad-Eye turned up to e cort them acro  London, they greeted them gleefully, laughing at the bowler hat Mad-Eye wa  wearing at an angle to conceal hi  magical eye and a uring him, truthfully, that Tonk , who e hair wa   hort and bright pink again, would attract far le  attention on the Underground. Tonk  wa  very intere ted in Harry'  vi ion of the attack on Mr Wea ley,  omething Harry wa  not remotely intere ted in di cu ing. There i n't any Seer blood in your family, i  there?'  he enquired curiou ly, a  they  at  ide by  ide on a train rattling toward  the heart of the city. 'No,'  aid Harry, thinking of Profe or Trelawney and feeling in ulted. 'No,'  aid Tonk  mu ingly, 'no, I  uppo e it'  not really prophecy you're doing, i  it? I mean, you're not  eeing the future, you're  eeing the pre ent… it'  odd, i n't it? U eful, though…' Harry didn't an wer; fortunately, they got out at the next  top, a  tation in the very heart of London, and in the bu tle of leaving the train he wa  able to allow Fred and George to get between him elf and Tonk , who wa  leading the way. They all followed her up the e calator, Moody clunking along at the back of the group, hi  bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand  tuck in between the button  of hi  coat, clutching hi  wand. Harry thought he  en ed the concealed eye  taring hard at him. Trying to avoid any more que tion  about hi  dream, he a ked Mad-Eye where St Mungo'  wa  hidden. 'Not far from here,' grunted Moody a  they  tepped out into the wintry air on a broad  tore-lined  treet packed with Chri tma   hopper . He pu hed Harry a little ahead of him and  tumped along ju t behind; Harry knew the eye wa  rolling in all direction  under the tilted hat. 'Wa n't ea y to find a good location for a ho pital. Nowhere in Diagon Alley wa  big enough and we couldn't have it underground like the Mini try - wouldn't be healthy. In the end they managed to get hold of a building up here. Theory wa ,  ick wizard  could come and go and ju t blend in with the crowd.' He  eized Harry'   houlder to prevent them being  eparated by a gaggle of  hopper  plainly intent on nothing but making it into a nearby  hop full of electrical gadget . 'Here we go,'  aid Moody a moment later. They had arrived out ide a large, old-fa hioned, red-brick department  tore called Purge 6z Dow e Ltd. The place had a  habby, mi erable air; the window di play  con i ted of a few chipped dummie  with their wig  a kew,  tanding at random and modelling fa hion  at lea t ten year  out of date. Large  ign  on all the du ty door  read: 'Clo ed for Refurbi hment'. Harry di tinctly heard a large woman laden with pla tic  hopping bag   ay to her friend a  they pa ed, 'It'  never open, that place…' 'Right,'  aid Tonk , beckoning them toward  a window di playing nothing but a particularly ugly female dummy. It  fal e eyela he  were hanging off and it wa  modelling a green nylon pinafore dre . 'Everybody ready?' They nodded, clu tering around her. Moody gave Harry another  hove between the  houlder blade  to urge him forward and Tonk  leaned clo e to the gla , looking up at the very ugly dummy, her breath  teaming up the gla . 'Wotcher,'  he  aid, 'we're here to  ee Arthur Wea ley.' Harry thought how ab urd it wa  for Tonk  to expect the dummy to hear her talking  o quietly through a  heet of gla , with bu e  rumbling along behind her and all the racket of a  treet full of  hopper . Then he reminded him elf that dummie  couldn't hear anyway. Next  econd, hi  mouth opened in  hock a  the dummy gave a tiny nod and beckoned with it  jointed finger, and Tonk  had  eized Ginny and Mr . Wea ley by. the elbow ,  tepped right through the gla  and vani hed. Fred, George and Ron  tepped after them. Harry glanced around at the jo tling crowd; not one of them  eemed to have a glance to  pare for window di play  a  ugly a  tho e of Purge & Dow e Ltd; nor did any of them  eem to have noticed that  ix people had ju t melted into thin air in front of them. 'C'mon,' growled Moody, giving Harry yet another poke in the back, and together they  tepped forward through what felt like a  heet of cool water, emerging quite warm and dry on the other  ide. There wa  no  ign of the ugly dummy or the  pace where  he had  tood. They were in what  eemed to be a crowded reception area where row  of witche  and wizard   at upon rickety wooden chair ,  ome looking perfectly normal and peru ing out-of-date copie  of Witch Weekly, other   porting grue ome di figurement   uch a  elephant trunk  or extra hand   ticking out of their che t . The room wa   carcely le  quiet than the  treet out ide, for many of the patient  were making very peculiar noi e : a  weaty-faced witch in the centre of the front row, who wa  fanning her elf vigorou ly with a copy of the Daily Prophet, kept letting off a high-pitched whi tle a   team came pouring out of her mouth; a grubby-looking warlock in the corner clanged like a bell every time he moved and, with each clang, hi  head vibrated horribly  o that he had to  eize him elf by the ear  to hold it  teady. Witche  and wizard  in lime-green robe  were walking up and down the row , a king que tion  and making note  on clipboard  like Umbridge' . Harry noticed the emblem embroidered on their che t : a wand and bone, cro ed. 'Are they doctor ?' he a ked Ron quietly. 'Doctor ?'  aid Ron, looking  tartled. Tho e Muggle nutter  that cut people up? Nah, they're Healer .' 'Over here!' called Mr . Wea ley above the renewed clanging of the warlock in the corner, and they followed her to the queue in front of a plump blonde witch  eated at a de k marked Enquirie . The wall behind her wa  covered in notice  and po ter   aying thing  like: A CLEAN CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS FROM BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES ARE ANTI-DON'TS UNLESS APPROVED BY A QUALIFIED HEALER. There wa  al o a large portrait of a witch with long  ilver ringlet  which wa  labelled: Dily  Derwent St Mungo'  Healer 1722- Headmi tre  of Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 1741- Dily  wa  eyeing the Wea ley party clo ely a  though counting them; when Harry caught her eye  he gave a tiny wink, walked  ideway  out of her portrait and vani hed. Meanwhile, at the front of the queue, a young wizard wa  performing an odd on-the- pot jig and trying, in between yelp  of pain, to explain hi  predicament to the witch behind the de k. 'It'  the e - ouch -  hoe  my brother gave me - ow - they're eating my - OUCH - feet - look at them, there mu t be  ome kind of - AARGH - jinx on them and I can't - AAAAARGH - get them off.' He hopped from one foot to the other a  though dancing on hot coal . The  hoe  don't prevent you reading, do they?'  aid the blonde witch, irritably pointing at a large  ign to the left of her de k. 'You want Spell Damage, fourth floor. Ju t like it  ay  on the floor guide. Next!' A  the wizard hobbled and pranced  ideway  out of the way, the Wea ley party moved forward a few  tep  and Harry read the floor guide: ARTEFACT ACCIDENTS… Ground floor Cauldron explo ion, wand backfiring, broom cra he , etc. CREATURE-INDUCED INJURIES… Fir t floor Bite ,  ting , burn , embedded  pine , etc. MAGICAL BUGS… Second floor Contagiou  maladie , e.g. dragon pox, vani hing  ickne ,  crojungulu , etc. POTION AND PLANT POISONING… Third floor Ra he , regurgitation, uncontrollable 2, etc. SPELL DAMAGE… Fourth floor Unliftable jinxe , hexe , incorrectly applied charm , etc. VISITORS' TEAROOM / HOSPITAL SHOP… Fifth floor IF YOU ARE UNSURE WHERE TO GO, INCAPABLE OF NORMAL SPEECH OR UNABLE TO REMEMBER WHY YOU ARE HERE, OUR WELCOMEWITCH WILL BE PLEASED TO HELP. A very old,  tooped wizard with a hearing trumpet had  huffled to the front of the queue now. 'I'm here to  ee Broderick Bode!' he wheezed. 'Ward forty-nine, but I'm afraid you're wa ting your time,'  aid the witch di mi ively. 'He'  completely addled, you know -  till think  he'  a teapot. Next!' A hara ed-looking wizard wa  holding hi   mall daughter tightly by the ankle while  he flapped around hi  head u ing the immen ely large, feathery wing  that had  prouted right out through the back of her romper  uit. 'Fourth floor,'  aid the witch, in a bored voice, without a king, and the man di appeared through the double door  be ide the de k, holding hi  daughter like an oddly  haped balloon. 'Next!' Mr . Wea ley moved forward to the de k. 'Hello,'  he  aid, 'my hu band, Arthur Wea ley, wa   uppo ed to be moved to a different ward thi  morning, could you tell u  -?' 'Arthur Wea ley?'  aid the witch, running her finger down a long li t in front of her. 'Ye , fir t floor,  econd door on the right, Dai Llewellyn Ward.' Thank you,'  aid Mr . Wea ley. 'Come on, you lot.' They followed her through the double door  and along the narrow corridor beyond, which wa  lined with more portrait  of famou  Healer  and lit by cry tal bubble  full of candle  that floated up on the ceiling, looking like giant  oap ud . More witche  and wizard  in lime-green robe  walked in and out of the door  they pa ed; a foul- melling yellow ga  wafted into the pa ageway a  they pa ed one door, and every now and then they heard di tant wailing. They climbed a flight of  tair  and entered the Creature-Induced Injurie  corridor, where the  econd door on the right bore the word : 'Dangerou ' Dai Llewellyn Ward: Seriou  Bite . Underneath thi  wa  a card in a bra  holder on which had been handwritten: Healer-in-Charge: Hippocrate  Smethwyck. Trainee Healer: Augu tu  Pye. 'We'll wait out ide, Molly,' Tonk   aid. 'Arthur won't want too many vi itor  at once… it ought to be ju t the family fir t.' Mad-Eye growled hi  approval of thi  idea and  et him elf with hi  back again t the corridor wall, hi  magical eye  pinning in all direction . Harry drew back, too, but Mr . Wea ley reached out a hand and pu hed him through the door,  aying, 'Don't be  illy, Harry, Arthur want  to thank you.' The ward wa   mall and rather dingy, a  the only window wa  narrow and  et high in the wall facing the door. Mo t of the light came from more  hining cry tal bubble  clu tered in the middle of the ceiling. The wall  were of panelled oak and there wa  a portrait of a rather viciou -looking wizard on the wall, captioned: Urquhart Rackharrow, 1612—1697, Inventor of the Entrail-expelling Cur e. There were only three patient . Mr Wea ley wa  occupying the bed at the far end of the ward be ide the tiny window. Harry wa  plea ed and relieved to  ee that he wa  propped up on  everal pillow  and reading the Daily Prophet by the  olitary ray of  unlight falling on to hi  bed. He looked up a  they walked toward  him and,  eeing who it wa , beamed. 'Hello!' he called, throwing the Prophet a ide. 'Bill ju t left, Molly, had to get back to work, but he  ay  he'll drop in on you later.' 'How are you, Arthur?' a ked Mr . Wea ley, bending down to ki  hi  cheek and looking anxiou ly into hi  face. 'You're  till looking a bit peaky.' 'I feel ab olutely fine,'  aid Mr Wea ley brightly, holding out hi  good arm to give Ginny a hug. 'If they could only take the bandage  off, I'd be fit to go home.' 'Why can't they take them off, Dad?' a ked Fred. 'Well, I  tart bleeding like mad every time they try,'  aid Mr Wea ley cheerfully, reaching acro  for hi  wand, which lay on hi  bed ide cabinet, and waving it  o that  ix extra chair  appeared at hi  bed ide to  eat them all. 'It  eem  there wa   ome rather unu ual kind of poi on in that  nake'  fang  that keep  wound  open. They're  ure they'll find an antidote, though; they  ay they've had much wor e ca e  than mine, and in the meantime I ju t have to keep taking a Blood-Repleni hing Potion every hour. But that fellow over there,' he  aid, dropping hi  voice and nodding toward  the bed oppo ite in which a man lay looking green and  ickly and  taring at the ceiling. 'Bitten by a werewolf, poor chap. No cure at all.' 'A werewolf?' whi pered Mr . Wea ley, looking alarmed. 'I  he  afe in a public ward? Shouldn't he be in a private room?' 'It'  two week  till full moon,' Mr Wea ley reminded her quietly. They've been talking to him thi  morning, the Healer , you know, trying to per uade him he'll be able to lead an almo t normal life. I  aid to him - didn't mention name , of cour e - but I  aid I knew a werewolf per onally, very nice man, who find  the condition quite ea y to manage.' 'What did he  ay?' a ked George. 'Said he'd give me another bite if I didn't  hut up,'  aid Mr Wea ley  adly. 'And that woman over there,' he indicated the only other occupied bed, which wa  right be ide the door, 'won't tell the Healer  what bit her, which make  u  all think it mu t have been  omething  he wa  handling illegally. Whatever it wa  took a real chunk out of her leg, very na ty  mell when they take off the dre ing .' 'So, you going to tell u  what happened, Dad?' a ked Fred, pulling hi  chair clo er to the bed. 'Well, you already know, don't you?'  aid Mr Wea ley, with a  ignificant  mile at Harry. 'It'  very  imple - I'd had a very long day, dozed off, got  neaked up on and bitten.' 'I  it in the Prophet, you being attacked?' a ked Fred, indicating the new paper Mr Wea ley had ca t a ide. 'No, of cour e not,'  aid Mr Wea ley, with a  lightly bitter  mile, 'the Mini try wouldn't want everyone to know a dirty great  erpent got —' 'Arthur!' Mr . Wea ley warned him. '- got - er - me,' Mr Wea ley  aid ha tily, though Harry wa  quite  ure that wa  not what he had meant to  ay. 'So where were you when it happened, Dad?' a ked George. That'  my bu ine ,'  aid Mr Wea ley, though with a  mall  mile. He  natched up the Daily Prophet,  hook it open again and  aid, 'I wa  ju t reading about Willy Widder hin '  arre t when you arrived. You know Willy turned out to be behind tho e regurgitating toilet  back in the  ummer? One of hi  jinxe  backfired, the toilet exploded and they found him lying uncon ciou  in the wreckage covered from head to foot in -' 'When you  ay you were “on duty”,' Fred interrupted in a low voice, 'what were you doing?' 'You heard your father,' whi pered Mr . Wea ley, 'we are not di cu ing thi  here! Go on about Willy Widder hin , Arthur.' 'Well, don't a k me how, but he actually got off the toilet charge,'  aid Mr Wea ley grimly. 'I can only  uppo e gold changed hand  -' 'You were guarding it, weren't you?'  aid George quietly. The weapon? The thing You-Know-Who'  after?' 'George, be quiet!'  napped Mr . Wea ley. 'Anyway,'  aid Mr Wea ley, in a rai ed voice, 'thi  time Willy'  been caught  elling biting doorknob  to Muggle  and I don't think he'll be able to worm hi  way out of it becau e, according to thi  article, two Muggle  have lo t finger  and are now in St Mungo'  for emergency bone re-growth and memory modification. Ju t think of it, Muggle  in St Mungo' ! I wonder which ward they're in?' And he looked eagerly around a  though hoping to  ee a  ignpo t. 'Didn't you  ay You-Know-Who'  got a  nake, Harry?' a ked Fred, looking at hi  father for a reaction. 'A ma ive one? You  aw it the night he returned, didn't you?' That'  enough,'  aid Mr . Wea ley cro ly. 'Mad-Eye and Tonk  are out ide, Arthur, they want to come and  ee you. And you lot can wait out ide,'  he added to her children and Harry. 'You can come and  ay goodbye afterward . Go on.' They trooped back into the corridor. Mad-Eye and Tonk  went in and clo ed the door of the ward behind them. Fred rai ed hi  eyebrow . 'Fine,' he  aid coolly, rummaging in hi  pocket , 'be like that. Don't tell u  anything.' 'Looking for the e?'  aid George, holding out what looked like a tangle of fle h-coloured  tring. 'You read my mind,'  aid Fred, grinning. 'Let'   ee if St Mungo'  put  Imperturbable Charm  on it  ward door ,  hall we?' He and George di entangled the  tring and  eparated five Extendable Ear  from each other. Fred and George handed them around. Harry he itated to take one. 'Go on, Harry, take it! You  aved Dad'  life. If anyone'  got the right to eave drop on him, it'  you.' Grinning in  pite of him elf, Harry took the end of the  tring and in erted it into hi  ear a  the twin  had done. 'OK, go!' Fred whi pered. The fle h-coloured  tring  wriggled like long  kinny worm  and  naked under the door. At fir t, Harry could hear nothing, then he jumped a  he heard Tonk  whi pering a  clearly a  though  he were  tanding right be ide him. '… they  earched the whole area but couldn't find the  nake anywhere. It ju t  eem  to have vani hed after it attacked you, Arthur… but You-Know-Who can't have expected a  nake to get in, can he?' 'I reckon he  ent it a  a lookout,' growled Moody, "cau e he'  not had any luck  o far, ha  he? No, I reckon he'  trying to get a clearer picture of what he'  facing and if Arthur hadn't been there the bea t would've had a lot more time to look around. So, Potter  ay  he  aw it all happen?' 'Ye ,'  aid Mr . Wea ley. She  ounded rather unea y. 'You know, Dumbledore  eem  almo t to have been waiting for Harry to  ee  omething like thi .' 'Yeah, well,'  aid Moody, 'there'   omething funny about the Potter kid, we all know that.' 'Dumbledore  eemed worried about Harry when I  poke to him thi  morning,' whi pered Mr . Wea ley. 'Cour e he'  worried,' growled Moody. 'The boy'   eeing thing  from in ide You-Know-Who'   nake. Obviou ly, Potter doe n't reali e what that mean , but if You-Know-Who'  po e ing him —' Harry pulled the Extendable Ear out of hi  own, hi  heart hammering very fa t and heat ru hing up hi  face. He looked around at the other . They were all  taring at him, the  tring   till trailing from their ear , looking  uddenly fearful. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 23 - Chri tma  on the Clo ed Ward Wa  thi  why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harry'  eye ? Did he expect to  ee Voldemort  taring out of them, afraid, perhap , that their vivid green might turn  uddenly to  carlet, with catlike  lit  for pupil ? Harry remembered how the  nakelike face of Voldemort had once forced it elf out of the back of Profe or Quirrell'  head and ran hi  hand over the back of hi  own, wondering what it would feel like if Voldemort bur t out of hi   kull. He felt dirty, contaminated, a  though he were carrying  ome deadly germ, unworthy to  it on the Underground train back from the ho pital with innocent, clean people who e mind  and bodie  were free of the taint of Voldemort… he had not merely  een the  nake, he had been the  nake, he knew it now… A truly terrible thought then occurred to him, a memory bobbing to the  urface of hi  mind, one that made hi  in ide  writhe and  quirm like  erpent . What'  he after, apart from follower ? Stuff he can only get by  tealth… like a weapon. Something he didn't have la t time. I'm the weapon, Harry thought, and it wa  a  though poi on were pumping through hi  vein , chilling him, bringing him out in a  weat a  he  wayed with the train through the dark tunnel. I'm the one Voldemort  trying to u e, that'  why they've got guard  around me everywhere I go, it'  not for my protection, it'  for other people' , only it'  not working, they can't have  omeone on me all the time at Hogwart … I did attack Mr Wea ley la t night, it wa  me. Voldemort made me do it and he could be in ide me, li tening to my thought  right now - 'Are you all right, Harry, dear?' whi pered Mr . Wea ley leaning acro  Ginny to  peak to him a  the train rattled along through it  dark tunnel. 'You don't look very well. Are you feeling  ick?' They were all watching him. He  hook hi  head violently and  tared up at an adverti ement for home in urance. 'Harry, dear, are you  ure you're all right?'  aid Mr . Wea ley in a worried voice, a  they walked around the unkempt patch of gra  in the middle of Grimmauld Place. 'You look ever  o pale… are you  ure you  lept thi  morning? You go up tair  to bed right now and you can have a couple of hour  of  leep before dinner, all right?' He nodded; here wa  a ready-made excu e not to talk to any of the other , which wa  preci ely what he wanted,  o when  he opened the front door he hurried  traight pa t the troll' -leg umbrella  tand, up the  tair  and into hi  and Ron'  bedroom. Here, he began to pace up and down, pa t the two bed  and Phinea  Nigellu '  empty picture frame, hi  brain teeming and  eething with que tion  and ever more dreadful idea . How had he become a  nake? Perhap  he wa  an Animagu … no, he couldn't be, he would know… perhap  Voldemort wa  an Animagu … ye , thought Harry, that would fit, he would turn into a  nake of cour e… and when he'  po e ing me, then we both tran form… that  till doe n't explain how I got to London and back to my bed in the  pace of about five minute … but then Voldemort'  about the mo t powerful wizard in the world, apart from Dumbledore, it'  probably no problem at all to him to tran port people like that. And then, with a terrible  tab of panic, he thought, but thi  i  in ane - if Voldemort'  po e ing me, I'm giving him a dear view into the Headquarter  of the Order of the Phoenix right now! He'll know who'  in the Order and where Siriu  i … and I've heard load  of  tuff I  houldn't have, everything Siriu  told me the fir t night I wa  here… There wa  only one thing for it: he would have to leave Grimmauld Place  traightaway. He would  pend Chri tma  at Hogwart  without the other , which would keep them  afe over the holiday  at lea t… but no, that wouldn't do, there were  till plenty of people at Hogwart  to maim and injure. What if it wa  Seamu , Dean or Neville next time? He  topped hi  pacing and  tood  taring at Phinea  Nigellu '  empty frame. A leaden  en ation wa   ettling in the pit of hi   tomach. He had no alternative: he wa  going to have to return to Privet Drive, cut him elf off from other wizard  entirely. Well, if he had to do it, he thought, there wa  no point hanging around. Trying with all hi  might not to think how the Dur ley  were going to react when they found him on their door tep  ix month  earlier than they had expected, he  trode over to hi  trunk,  lammed the lid  hut and locked it, then glanced around automatically for Hedwig before remembering that  he wa   till at Hogwart  - well, her cage would be one le  thing to carry - he  eized one end of hi  trunk and had dragged it halfway toward  the door when a  nide voice  aid, 'Running away, are we?' He looked around. Phinea  Nigellu  had appeared on the canva  of hi  portrait and wa  leaning again t the frame, watching Harry with an amu ed expre ion on hi  face. 'Not running away, no,'  aid Harry  hortly, dragging hi  trunk a few more feet acro  the room. 'I thought,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu ,  troking hi  pointed beard, 'that to belong in Gryffindor hou e you were  uppo ed to be brave! It look  to me a  though you would have been better off in my own hou e. We Slytherin  are brave, ye , but not  tupid. For in tance, given the choice, we will alway  choo e to  ave our own neck .' 'It'  not my own neck I'm  aving,'  aid Harry ter ely, tugging the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven, moth-eaten carpet right in front of the door. 'Oh, I  ee,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu ,  till  troking hi  beard, 'thi  i  no cowardly flight - you are being noble.' Harry ignored him. Hi  hand wa  on the doorknob when Phinea  Nigellu   aid lazily, 'I have a me age for you from Albu  Dumbledore.' Harry  pan round. 'What i  it?' '“Stay where you are.”' 'I haven't moved!'  aid Harry, hi  hand  till upon the doorknob. 'So what'  the me age?' 'I have ju t given it to you, dolt,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu   moothly. 'Dumbledore  ay , “Stay where you are.'” 'Why?'  aid Harry eagerly, dropping the end of hi  trunk. 'Why doe  he want me to  tay? What el e did he  ay?' 'Nothing what oever,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu , rai ing a thin black eyebrow a  though he found Harry impertinent. Harry'  temper ro e to the  urface like a  nake rearing from long gra . He wa  exhau ted, he wa  confu ed beyond mea ure, he had experienced terror, relief, then terror again in the la t twelve hour , and  till Dumbledore did not want to talk to him! 'So that'  it, i  it?' he  aid loudly. '“Stay where you are”! That'  all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by tho e Dementor , too! Ju t  tay put while the grown-up   ort it out, Harry! We won't bother telling you anything, though, becau e your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with it!' 'You know,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu , even more loudly than Harry 'thi  i  preci ely why I loathed being a teacher! Young people are  o infernally convinced that they are ab olutely right about everything. Ha  it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay, that there might be an excellent rea on why the Headma ter of Hogwart  i  not confiding every tiny detail of hi  plan  to you? Have you never pau ed, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following Dumbledore  order  ha  never yet led you into harm? No. No, like all young people, you are quite  ure that you alone feel and think, you alone recogni e danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to reali e what the Dark Lord may be planning -' 'He i  planning  omething to do with me, then?'  aid Harry  wiftly. 'Did I  ay that?'  aid Phinea  Nigellu , idly examining hi   ilk glove . 'Now, if you will excu e me, I have better thing  to do than li ten to adole cent agoni ing… good-day to you.' And he  trolled to the edge of hi  frame and out of  ight. 'Fine, go then!' Harry bellowed at the empty frame. 'And tell Dumbledore thank  for nothing!' The empty canva  remained  ilent. Fuming, Harry dragged hi  trunk back to the foot of hi  bed, then threw him elf face down on the moth-eaten cover , hi  eye   hut, hi  body heavy and aching. He felt a  though he had journeyed for mile  and mile … it  eemed impo ible that le  than twenty-four hour  ago Cho Chang had been approaching him under the mi tletoe… he wa   o tired… he wa   cared to  leep… yet he did not know how long he could fight it… Dumbledore had told him to  tay… that mu t mean he wa  allowed to  leep… but he wa   cared… what if it happened again? He wa   inking into  hadow … It wa  a  though a film in hi  head had been waiting to  tart. He wa  walking down a de erted corridor toward  a plain black door, pa t rough  tone wall , torche , and an open doorway on to a flight of  tone  tep  leading down tair  on the left… He reached the black door but could not open it… he  tood gazing at it, de perate for entry…  omething he wanted with all hi  heart lay beyond… a prize beyond hi  dream … if only hi   car would  top prickling… then he would be able to think more clearly… 'Harry,'  aid Ron'  voice, from far, far away, 'Mum  ay  dinner'  ready, but  he'll  ave you  omething if you want to  tay in bed.' Harry opened hi  eye , but Ron had already left the room. He doe n't want to be on hi  own with me, Harry thought. Not after what he heard Moody  ay. He  uppo ed none of them would want him there any more, now that they knew what wa  in ide him. He would not go down to dinner; he would not inflict hi  company on them. He turned over on to hi  other  ide and, after a while, dropped back off to  leep. He woke much later, in the early hour  of the morning, hi  in ide  aching with hunger and Ron  noring in the next bed. Squinting around the room, he  aw the dark outline of Phinea  Nigellu   tanding again in hi  portrait and it occurred to Harry that Dumbledore had probably  ent Phinea  Nigellu  to watch over him, in ca e he attacked  omebody el e. The feeling of being unclean inten ified. He half-wi hed he had not obeyed Dumbledore… if thi  wa  how life wa  going to be for him in Grimmauld Place from now on, maybe he would be better off in Privet Drive after all. * Everybody el e  pent the following morning putting up Chri tma  decoration . Harry could not remember Siriu  ever being in  uch a good mood; he wa  actually  inging carol , apparently delighted that he wa  to have company over Chri tma . Harry could hear hi  voice echoing up through the floor in the cold drawing room where he wa   itting alone, watching the  ky growing whiter out ide the window , threatening  now, all the time feeling a  avage plea ure that he wa  giving the other  the opportunity to keep talking about him, a  they were bound to be doing. When he heard Mr . Wea ley calling hi  name  oftly up the  tair  around lunchtime, he retreated further up tair  and ignored her. Around  ix o'clock in the evening the doorbell rang and Mr . Black  tarted  creaming again. A uming that Mundungu  or  ome other Order member had come to call, Harry merely  ettled him elf more comfortably again t the wall of Buckbeak'  room where he wa  hiding, trying to ignore how hungry he felt a  he fed dead rat  to the Hippogriff. It came a  a  light  hock when  omebody hammered hard on the door a few minute  later. 'I know you're in there,'  aid Hermione'  voice. 'Will you plea e come out? I want to talk to you.' 'What are you doing here?' Harry a ked her, pulling open the door a  Buckbeak re umed hi   cratching at the  traw- trewn floor for any fragment  of rat he may have dropped. 'I thought you were  kiing with your mum and dad?' 'Well, to tell the truth,  kiing'  not really my thing,'  aid Hermione. 'So, I've come here for Chri tma .' There wa   now in her hair and her face wa  pink with cold. 'But don't tell Ron. I told him  kiing'  really good becau e he kept laughing  o much. Mum and Dad are a bit di appointed, but I've told them that everyone who i   eriou  about the exam  i   taying at Hogwart  to  tudy. They want me to do well, they'll under tand. Anyway,'  he  aid bri kly, 'let'  go to your bedroom, Ron'  mum ha  lit a fire in there and  he'   ent up  andwiche .' Harry followed her back to the  econd floor. When he entered the bedroom, he wa  rather  urpri ed to  ee both Ron and Ginny waiting for them,  itting on Ron'  bed. 'I came on the Knight Bu ,'  aid Hermione airily, pulling off her jacket before Harry had time to  peak. 'Dumbledore told me what had happened fir t thing thi  morning, but I had to wait for term to end officially before  etting off. Umbridge i  already livid that you lot di appeared right under her no e, even though Dumbledore told her Mr Wea ley wa  in St Mungo'  and he'd given you all permi ion to vi it. So…" She  at down next to Ginny, and the two girl  and Ron all looked up at Harry. 'How're you feeling?' a ked Hermione. Tine,'  aid Harry  tiffly. 'Oh, don't lie, Harry,'  he  aid impatiently. 'Ron and Ginny  ay you've been hiding from everyone  ince you got back from St Mungo' .' They do, do they?'  aid Harry, glaring at Ron and Ginny. Ron looked down at hi  feet but Ginny  eemed quite unaba hed. 'Well, you have!'  he  aid. 'And you won't look at any of u !' 'It'  you lot who won't look at me!'  aid Harry angrily. 'Maybe you're taking it in turn  to look, and keep mi ing each other,'  ugge ted Hermione, the corner  of her mouth twitching. 'Very funny,'  napped Harry, turning away. 'Oh,  top feeling all mi under tood,'  aid Hermione  harply. 'Look, the other  have told me what you overheard la t night on the Extendable Ear  -' 'Yeah?' growled Harry, hi  hand  deep in hi  pocket  a  he watched the  now now falling thickly out ide. 'All been talking about me, have you? Well, I'm getting u ed to it.' 'We wanted to talk to you, Harry,'  aid Ginny, 'but a  you've been hiding ever  ince we got back -' 'I didn't want anyone to talk to me,'  aid Harry, who wa  feeling more and more nettled. 'Well, that wa  a bit  tupid of you,'  aid Ginny angrily, ' eeing a  you don't know anyone but me who'  been po e ed by You-Know-Who, and I can tell you how it feel .' Harry remained quite  till a  the impact of the e word  hit him. Then he wheeled round. 'I forgot,' he  aid. 'Lucky you,'  aid Ginny coolly. 'I'm  orry' Harry  aid, and he meant it. 'So…  o, do you think I'm being po e ed, then?' 'Well, can you remember everything you've been doing?' Ginny a ked. 'Are there big blank period  where you don't know what you've been up to?' Harry racked hi  brain . 'No,' he  aid. Then You-Know-Who ha n't ever po e ed you,'  aid Ginny  imply. 'When he did it to me, I couldn't remember what I'd been doing for hour  at a time. I'd find my elf  omewhere and not know how I got there.' Harry hardly dared believe her, yet hi  heart wa  lightening almo t in  pite of him elf. 'That dream I had about your dad and the  nake, though —' 'Harry you've had the e dream  before,' Hermione  aid. 'You had fla he  of what Voldemort wa  up to la t year.' Thi  wa  different,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. 'I wa  in ide that  nake. It wa  like I wa  the  nake… what if Voldemort  omehow tran ported me to London —?' 'One day,'  aid Hermione,  ounding thoroughly exa perated, 'you'll read Hogwart : A Hi tory, and perhap  it will remind you that you can't Apparate or Di apparate in ide Hogwart . Even Voldemort couldn't ju t make you fly out of your dormitory, Harry.' 'You didn't leave your bed, mate,'  aid Ron. 'I  aw you thra hing around in your  leep for at lea t a minute before we could wake you up.' Harry  tarted pacing up and down the room again, thinking. What they were all  aying wa  not only comforting, it made  en e… without really thinking, he took a  andwich from the plate on the bed and crammed it hungrily into hi  mouth. I'm not the weapon after all, thought Harry. Hi  heart  welled with happine  and relief, and he felt like joining in a  they heard Siriu  tramping pa t their door toward  Buckbeak'  room,  inging 'God Re t Ye, Merry Hippogriff ' at the top of hi  voice. * How could he have dreamed of returning to Privet Drive for Chri tma ? Siriu '  delight at having the hou e full again, and e pecially at having Harry back, wa  infectiou . He wa  no longer their  ullen ho t of the  ummer; now he  eemed determined that everyone  hould enjoy them elve  a  much, if not more than they would have done at Hogwart , and he worked tirele ly in the run-up to Chri tma  Day, cleaning and decorating with their help,  o that by the time they all went to bed on Chri tma  Eve the hou e wa  barely recogni able. The tarni hed chandelier  were no longer hung with cobweb  but with garland  of holly and gold and  ilver  treamer ; magical  now glittered in heap  over the threadbare carpet ; a great Chri tma  tree, obtained by Mundungu  and decorated with live fairie , blocked Siriu '  family tree from view, and even the  tuffed elf-head  on the hall wall wore Father Chri tma  hat  and beard . Harry awoke on Chri tma  morning to find a  tack of pre ent  at the foot of hi  bed and Ron already halfway through opening hi  own, rather larger, pile. 'Good haul thi  year,' he informed Harry through a cloud of paper. Thank  for the Broom Compa , it'  excellent; beat  Hermione  -  he got me a homework planner - Harry  orted through hi  pre ent  and found one with Hermione  handwriting on it. She had given him, too, a book that re embled a diary except that every time he opened a page it  aid aloud thing  like: 'Do it today or later you'll pay!' Siriu  and Lupin had given Harry a  et of excellent book  entitled Practical Defen ive Magic and it  U e Again t the Dark Art , which had  uperb, moving colour illu tration  of all the counter-jinxe  and hexe  it de cribed. Harry flicked through the fir t volume eagerly; he could  ee it wa  going to be highly u eful in hi  plan  for the DA. Hagrid had  ent a furry brown wallet that had fang , which were pre umably  uppo ed to be an anti-theft device, but unfortunately prevented Harry putting any money in without getting hi  finger  ripped off. Tonk  pre ent wa  a  mall, working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly around the room, wi hing he  till had hi  full- ize ver ion; Ron had given him an enormou  box of Every-Flavour Bean , Mr and Mr . Wea ley the u ual hand-knitted jumper and  ome mince pie , and Dobby a truly dreadful painting that Harry  u pected had been done by the elf him elf. He had ju t turned it up ide-down to  ee whether it looked better that way when, with a loud crack, Fred and George Apparated at the foot of hi  bed. 'Merry Chri tma ,'  aid George. 'Don't go down tair  for a bit.' 'Why not?'  aid Ron. 'Mum'  crying again,'  aid Fred heavily. 'Percy  ent back hi  Chri tma  jumper.' 'Without a note,' added George. 'Ha n't a ked how Dad i  or vi ited him or anything.' 'We tried to comfort her,'  aid Fred, moving around the bed to look at Harry'  portrait. Told her Percy'  nothing more than a humungou  pile of rat dropping .' 'Didn't work,'  aid George, helping him elf to a Chocolate Frog. 'So Lupin took over. Be t let him cheer her up before we go down for breakfa t, I reckon.' 'What'  that  uppo ed to be, anyway?' a ked Fred,  quinting at Dobby'  painting. 'Look  like a gibbon with two black eye .' 'It'  Harry!'  aid George, pointing at the back of the picture, ' ay   o on the back!' 'Good likene ,'  aid Fred, grinning. Harry threw hi  new homework diary at him; it hit the wall oppo ite and fell to the floor where it  aid happily: 'If you've dotted the “i”  and cro ed the “t”  then you may do whatever you plea e!' They got up and dre ed. They could hear the variou  inhabitant  of the hou e calling 'Merry Chri tma ' to one another. On their way down tair  they met Hermione. Thank  for the book, Harry'  he  aid happily. 'I've been wanting that New Theory oj Numerology for age ! And that perfume'  really unu ual, Ron.' 'No problem,'  aid Ron. 'Who'  that for, anyway?' he added, nodding at the neatly wrapped pre ent  he wa  carrying. 'Kreacher,'  aid Hermione brightly. ;> 'It had better not be clothe !' Ron warned her. 'You know what Siriu   aid: Kreacher know  too much, we can't  et him free!' 'It i n't clothe ,'  aid Hermione, 'although if I had my way I'd certainly give him  omething to wear other than that filthy old rag. No, it'  a patchwork quilt, I thought it would brighten up hi  bedroom.' 'What bedroom?'  aid Harry, dropping hi  voice to a whi per a  they were pa ing the portrait of Siriu '  mother. 'Well, Siriu   ay  it'  not  o much a bedroom, more a kind of -den,'  aid Hermione. 'Apparently he  leep  under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen.' Mr . Wea ley wa  the only per on in the ba ement when they arrived there. She wa   tanding at the  tove and  ounded a  though  he had a bad head cold a   he wi hed them 'Merry Chri tma ', and they all averted their eye . 'So, i  thi  Kreacher'  bedroom?'  aid Ron,  trolling over to a dingy door in the corner oppo ite the pantry. Harry had never  een it open. 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione, now  ounding a little nervou . 'Er… I think we'd better knock.' Ron rapped on the door with hi  knuckle  but there wa  no reply. 'He mu t be  neaking around up tair ,' he  aid, and without further ado pulled open the door. 'Urgh!' Harry peered in ide. Mo t of the cupboard wa  taken up with a very large and old-fa hioned boiler, but in the foot of  pace underneath the pipe  Kreacher had made him elf  omething that looked like a ne t. A jumble of a orted rag  and  melly old blanket  were piled on the floor and the  mall dent in the middle of it  howed where Kreacher curled up to  leep every night. Here and there among the material were  tale bread cru t  and mouldy old bit  of chee e. In a far corner glinted  mall object  and coin  that Harry gue ed Kreacher had  aved, magpie-like, from Siriu '  purge of the hou e, and he had al o managed to retrieve the  ilver-framed family photograph  that Siriu  had thrown away over the  ummer. Their gla  might be  hattered, but  till the little black-and-white people in ide them peered up at him haughtily, including - he felt a little jolt in hi   tomach - the dark, heavy-lidded woman who e trial he had witne ed in Dumbledore'  Pen ieve: Bellatrix Le trange. By the look  of it, her  wa  Kreacher'  favourite photograph; he had placed it to the fore of all the other  and had mended the gla  clum ily with Spellotape. 'I think I'll ju t leave hi  pre ent here,'  aid Hermione, laying the package neatly in the middle of the depre ion in the rag  and blanket  and clo ing the door quietly. 'He'll find it later, that'll be fine.' 'Come to think of it,'  aid Siriu , emerging from the pantry carrying a large turkey a  they clo ed the cupboard door, 'ha  anyone actually  een Kreacher lately?' 'I haven't  een him  ince the night we came back here,'  aid Harry. 'You were ordering him out of the kitchen.' 'Yeah…'  aid Siriu , frowning. 'You know, I think that'  the la t time I  aw him, too… he mu t be hiding up tair   omewhere.' 'He couldn't have left, could he?'  aid Harry. 'I mean, when you  aid “out”, maybe he thought you meant get out of the hou e?' 'No, no, hou e-elve  can't leave unle  they're given clothe . They're tied to their family'  hou e,'  aid Siriu . They can leave the hou e if they really want to,' Harry contradicted him. 'Dobby did, he left the Malfoy ' to give me warning  two year  ago. He had to puni h him elf afterward , but he  till managed it.' Siriu  looked  lightly di concerted for a moment, then  aid, Til look for him later, I expect I'll find him up tair  crying hi  eye  out over my mother'  old bloomer  or  omething. Of cour e, he might have crawled into the airing cupboard and died… but I mu tn't get my hope  up.' Fred, George and Ron laughed; Hermione, however, looked reproachful. j Once they had eaten their Chri tma  lunch, the Wea ley , Harry and Hermione were planning to pay Mr Wea ley another vi it, e corted by Mad-Eye and Lupin. Mundungu  turned up in time for Chri tma  pudding and trifle, having managed to 'borrow' a car for the occa ion, a  the Underground did not run on Chri tma  Day. The car, which Harry doubted very much had been taken with the con ent of it  owner, had been enlarged with a  pell like the Wea ley ' old Ford Anglia had once been. Although normally proportioned out ide, ten people with Mundungu  driving were able to fit into it quite comfortably. Mr . Wea ley he itated before getting in ide - Harry knew her di approval of Mundungu  wa  battling with her di like of travelling without magic - but, finally, the cold out ide and her children'  pleading triumphed, and  he  ettled her elf into the back  eat between Fred and Bill with good grace. The journey to St Mungo'  wa  quite quick a  there wa  very little traffic on the road . A  mall trickle of witche  and wizard  wa  creeping furtively up the otherwi e de erted  treet to vi it the ho pital. Harry and the other  got out of the car, and Mundungu  drove off around the corner to wait for them. They  trolled ca ually toward  the window where the dummy in green nylon  tood, then, one by one,  tepped through the gla . The reception area looked plea antly fe tive: the cry tal orb  that illuminated St Mungo'  had been coloured red and gold to become gigantic, glowing Chri tma  bauble ; holly hung around every doorway; and  hining white Chri tma  tree  covered in magical  now and icicle  glittered in every corner, each one topped with a gleaming gold  tar. It wa  le  crowded than the la t time they had been there, although halfway acro  the room Harry found him elf  hunted a ide by a witch with a  at uma jammed up her left no tril. 'Family argument, eh?'  mirked the blonde witch behind the de k. 'You're the third I've  een today… Spell Damage, fourth floor.' They found Mr Wea ley propped up in bed with the remain  of hi  turkey dinner on a tray on hi  lap and a rather  heepi h expre ion on hi  face. 'Everything all right, Arthur?' a ked Mr . Wea ley, after they had all greeted Mr Wea ley and handed over their pre ent . 'Fine, fine,'  aid Mr Wea ley, a little too heartily. 'You — er — haven't  een Healer Smethwyck, have you?' 'No,'  aid Mr . Wea ley  u piciou ly, 'why?' 'Nothing, nothing,'  aid Mr Wea ley airily,  tarting to unwrap hi  pile of gift . 'Well, everyone had a good day? What did you all get for Chri tma ? Oh, Harry - thi  i  ab olutely wonderful!' For he had ju t opened Harry'  gift of fu e-wire and  crewdriver . Mr . Wea ley did not  eem entirely  ati fied with Mr Wea ley'  an wer. A  her hu band leaned over to  hake Harry'  hand,  he peered at the bandaging under hi  night hirt. 'Arthur,'  he  aid, with a  nap in her voice like a mou etrap, 'you've had your bandage  changed. Why have you had your bandage  changed a day early, Arthur? They told me they wouldn't need doing until tomorrow.' 'What?'  aid Mr Wea ley, looking rather frightened and pulling the bed cover  higher up hi  che t. 'No, no - it'  nothing - it'  -l- He  eemed to deflate under Mr . Wea ley'  piercing gaze. 'Well - now don't get up et, Molly, but Augu tu  Pye had an idea… he'  the Trainee Healer, you know, lovely young chap and very intere ted in… um… complementary medicine… I mean,  ome of the e old Muggle remedie … well, they're called  titche , Molly, and they work very well on - on Muggle wound  -' Mr . Wea ley let out an ominou  noi e  omewhere between a  hriek and a  narl. Lupin  trolled away from the bed and over to the werewolf, who had no vi itor  and wa  looking rather wi tfully at the crowd around Mr Wea ley; Bill muttered  omething about getting him elf a cup of tea and Fred and George leapt up to accompany him, grinning. 'Do you mean to tell me,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, her voice growing louder with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow vi itor  were  currying for cover, 'that you have been me ing about with Muggle remedie ?' 'Not me ing about, Molly, dear,'  aid Mr Wea ley imploringly, 'it wa  ju t - ju t  omething Pye and I thought we'd try - only, mo t unfortunately — well, with the e particular kind  of wound  - it doe n't  eem to work a  well a  we'd hoped -' 'Meaning?' 'Well… well, I don't know whether you know what - what  titche  are?' 'It  ound  a  though you've been trying to  ew your  kin back together,'  aid Mr . Wea ley with a  nort of mirthle  laughter, 'but even you, Arthur, wouldn't be that  tupid —' 'I fancy a cup of tea, too,'  aid Harry, jumping to hi  feet. Hermione, Ron and Ginny almo t  printed to the door with him. A  it  wung clo ed behind them, they heard Mr . Wea ley  hriek, 'WHAT DO YOU MEAN, THAT'S THE GENERAL IDEA?' Typical Dad,'  aid Ginny,  haking her head a  they  et off up the corridor. 'Stitche … I a k you…' 'Well, you know, they do work well on non-magical wound ,'  aid Hermione fairly. 'I  uppo e  omething in that  nake'  venom di olve  them or  omething. I wonder where the tearoom i ?' 'Fifth floor,'  aid Harry, remembering the  ign over the welcomewitch'  de k. They walked along the corridor, through a  et of double door  and found a rickety  tairca e lined with more portrait  of brutal-looking Healer . A  they climbed it, the variou  Healer  called out to them, diagno ing odd complaint  and  ugge ting horrible remedie . Ron wa   eriou ly affronted when a medieval wizard called out that he clearly had a bad ca e of  pattergroit. 'And what'  that  uppo ed to be?' he a ked angrily, a  the Healer pur ued him through  ix more portrait ,  hoving the occupant  out of the way. 'Ti  a mo t grievou  affliction of the  kin, young ma ter, that will leave you pockmarked and more grue ome even than you are now -' 'Watch who you're calling grue ome!'  aid Ron, hi  ear  turning red. '- the only remedy i  to take the liver of a toad, bind it tight about your throat,  tand naked at the full moon in a barrel of eel ' eye  -' 'I have not got  pattergroit!' 'But the un ightly blemi he  upon your vi age, young ma ter -' They're freckle !'  aid Ron furiou ly. 'Now get back in your own picture and leave me alone!' He rounded on the other , who were all keeping determinedly  traight face . 'What floor'  thi ?' 'I think it'  the fifth,'  aid Hermione. 'Nah, it'  the fourth,'  aid Harry, 'one more —' But a  he  tepped on to the landing he came to an abrupt halt,  taring at the  mall window  et into the double door  that marked the  tart of a corridor  ignpo ted SPELL DAMAGE. A man wa  peering out at them all with hi  no e pre ed again t the gla . He had wavy blond hair, bright blue eye  and a broad vacant  mile that revealed dazzlingly white teeth. 'Blimey!'  aid Ron, al o  taring at the man. 'Oh, my goodne ,'  aid Hermione  uddenly,  ounding breathle . 'Profe or Lockhart!' Their ex-Defence Again t the Dark Art  teacher pu hed open the door  and moved toward  them, wearing a long lilac dre ing gown. 'Well, hello there!' he  aid. 'I expect you'd like my autograph, would you?' 'Ha n't changed much, ha  he?' Harry muttered to Ginny, who grinned. 'Er — how are you, Profe or?'  aid Ron,  ounding  lightly guilty. It had been Ron'  malfunctioning wand that had damaged Profe or Lockhart'  memory  o badly that he had landed in St Mungo'  in the fir t place, though a  Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Ron'  memorie  at the time, Harry   ympathy wa  limited. 'I'm very well indeed, thank you!'  aid Lockhart exuberantly, pulling a rather battered peacock-feather quill from hi  pocket. 'Now, how many autograph  would you like? I can do joined-up writing now, you know!' 'Er - we don't want any at the moment, thank ,'  aid Ron, rai ing hi  eyebrow  at Harry, who a ked, 'Profe or,  hould you be wandering around the corridor ? Shouldn't you be in a ward?' The  mile faded  lowly from Lockhart'  face. For a few moment  he gazed intently at Harry, then he  aid, 'Haven't we met?' 'Er… yeah, we have,'  aid Harry. 'You u ed to teach u  at Hogwart , remember?' Teach?' repeated Lockhart, looking faintly un ettled. 'Me? Did I?' And then the  mile reappeared upon hi  face  o  uddenly it wa  rather alarming. Taught you everything you know, I expect, did I? Well, how about tho e autograph , then? Shall we  ay a round dozen, you can give them to all your little friend  then and nobody will be left out!' But ju t then a head poked out of a door at the far end of the corridor and a voice called, 'Gilderoy, you naughty boy, where have you wandered off to?' A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tin el wreath in her hair came bu tling up the corridor,  miling warmly at Harry and the other . 'Oh, Gilderoy, you've got vi itor ! How lovely, and on Chri tma  Day, too! Do you know, he never get  vi itor , poor lamb, and I can't think why, he'   uch a  weetie, aren't you?' 'We're doing autograph !' Gilderoy told the Healer with another glittering  mile. They want load  of them, won't take no for an an wer! I ju t hope we've got enough photograph !' 'Li ten to him,'  aid the Healer, taking Lockhart'  arm and beaming fondly at him a  though he were a precociou  two-year-old. 'He wa  rather well known a few year  ago; we very much hope that thi  liking for giving autograph  i  a  ign that hi  memory might be  tarting to come back. Will you  tep thi  way? He'  in a clo ed ward, you know, he mu t have  lipped out while I wa  bringing in the Chri tma  pre ent , the door'  u ually kept locked… not that he'  dangerou ! But,'  he lowered her voice to a whi per, 'he'  a bit of a danger to him elf, ble  him… doe n't know who he i , you  ee, wander  off and can't remember how to get back… it i  nice of you to have come to  ee him.' 'Er,'  aid Ron, ge turing u ele ly at the floor above, 'actually, we were ju t — er -' But the Healer wa   miling expectantly at them, and Ron'  feeble mutter of 'going to have a cup of tea' trailed away into nothingne . They looked at each other helple ly, then followed Lockhart and hi  Healer along the corridor. 'Let'  not  tay long,' Ron  aid quietly. The Healer pointed her wand at the door of the Janu  Thickey Ward and muttered, 'Alohomora.' The door  wung open and  he led the way in ide, keeping a firm gra p on Gilderoy  arm until  he had  ettled him into an armchair be ide hi  bed. Thi  i  our long-term re ident ' ward,'  he informed Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny in a low voice. 'For permanent  pell damage, you know. Of cour e, with inten ive remedial potion  and charm  and a bit of luck, we can produce  ome improvement. Gilderoy doe   eem to be getting back  ome  en e of him elf; and we've  een a real improvement in Mr Bode, he  eem  to be regaining the power of  peech very well, though he i n't  peaking any language we recogni e yet. Well, I mu t fini h giving out the Chri tma  pre ent , I'll leave you all to chat.' Harry looked around. The ward bore unmi takeable  ign  of being a permanent home to it  re ident . They had many more per onal effect  around their bed  than in Mr Wea ley'  ward; the wall around Gilderoy'  headboard, for in tance, wa  papered with picture  of him elf, all beaming toothily and waving at the new arrival . He had autographed many of them to him elf in di jointed, childi h writing. The moment he had been depo ited in hi  chair by the Healer, Gilderoy pulled a fre h  tack of photograph  toward  him,  eized a quill and  tarted  igning them all feveri hly. 'You can put them in envelope ,' he  aid to Ginny, throwing the  igned picture  into her lap one by one a  he fini hed them. 'I am not forgotten, you know, no, I  till receive a very great deal of fan mail… Glady  Gudgeon write  weekly … I ju t wi h I knew why He pau ed, looking faintly puzzled, then beamed again and returned to hi   igning with renewed vigour. '1  u pect it i   imply my good look …' A  allow- kinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed oppo ite  taring at the ceiling; he wa  mumbling to him elf and  eemed quite unaware of anything around him. Two bed  along wa  a woman who e entire head wa  covered in fur; Harry remembered  omething  imilar happening to Hermione during their  econd year, although fortunately the damage, in her ca e, had not been permanent. At the far end of the ward flowery curtain  had been drawn around two bed  to give the occupant  and their vi itor   ome privacy. 'Here you are, Agne ,'  aid the Healer brightly to the furry-faced woman, handing her a  mall pile of Chri tma  pre ent . 'See, not forgotten, are you? And your  on'   ent an owl to  ay he'  vi iting tonight,  o that'  nice, i n't it?' Agne  gave  everal loud bark . 'And look, Broderick, you've been  ent a pot plant and a lovely calendar with a different fancy Hippogriff for each month; they'll brighten thing  up, won't they?'  aid the Healer, bu tling along to the mumbling man,  etting a rather ugly plant with long,  waying tentacle  on the bed ide cabinet and fixing the calendar to the wall with her wand. 'And - oh, Mr . Longbottom, are you leaving already?' Harry'  head  pan round. The curtain  had been drawn back from the two bed  at the end of the ward and two vi itor  were walking back down the ai le between the bed : a formidable-looking old witch wearing a long green dre , a moth-eaten fox fur and a pointed hat decorated with what wa  unmi takeably a  tuffed vulture and, trailing behind her looking thoroughly depre ed - Neville. With a  udden ru h of under tanding, Harry reali ed who the people in the end bed  mu t be. He ca t around wildly for  ome mean  of di tracting the other   o that Neville could leave the ward unnoticed and unque tioned, but Ron had al o looked up at the  ound of the name 'Longbottom', and before Harry could  top him had called out, 'Neville!' Neville jumped and cowered a  though a bullet had narrowly mi ed him. 'It'  u , Neville!'  aid Ron brightly, getting to hi  feet. 'Have you  een -? Lockhart'  here! Who've you been vi iting?' 'Friend  of your , Neville, dear?'  aid Neville'  grandmother graciou ly, bearing down upon them all. Neville looked a  though he would rather be anywhere in the world but here. A dull purple flu h wa  creeping up hi  plump face and he wa  not making eye contact with any of them. 'Ah, ye ,'  aid hi  grandmother, looking clo ely at Harry and  ticking out a  hrivelled, clawlike hand for him to  hake. 'Ye , ye , I know who you are, of cour e. Neville  peak  mo t highly of you.' 'Er - thank ,'  aid Harry,  haking hand . Neville did not look at him, but  urveyed hi  own feet, the colour deepening in hi  face all the while. 'And you two are clearly Wea ley ,' Mr . Longbottom continued, proffering her hand regally to Ron and Ginny in turn. 'Ye , I know your parent  — not well, of cour e — but fine people, fine people… and you mu t be Hermione Granger?' Hermione looked rather  tartled that Mr . Longbottom knew her name, but  hook hand  all the  ame. 'Ye , Neville'  told me all about you. Helped him out of a few  ticky  pot , haven't you? He'  a good boy,'  he  aid, ca ting a  ternly apprai ing look down her rather bony no e at Neville, 'but he ha n't got hi  father'  talent, I'm afraid to  ay.' And  he jerked her head in the direction of the two bed  at the end of the ward,  o that the  tuffed vulture on her hat trembled alarmingly. 'What?'  aid Ron, looking amazed. (Harry wanted to  tamp on Ron'  foot, but that  ort of thing i  much harder to bring off unnoticed when you're wearing jean  rather than robe .) 'I  that your dad down the end, Neville?' 'What'  thi ?'  aid Mr . Longbottom  harply. 'Haven't you told your friend  about your parent , Neville?' Neville took a deep breath, looked up at the ceiling and  hook hi  head. Harry could not remember ever feeling  orrier for anyone, but he could not think of any way of helping Neville out of the  ituation. 'Well, it'  nothing to be a hamed of!'  aid Mr . Longbottom angrily. 'You  hould be proud, Neville, proudl They didn't give their health and their  anity  o their only  on would be a hamed of them, you know!' 'I'm not a hamed,'  aid Neville, very faintly,  till looking anywhere but at Harry and the other . Ron wa  now  tanding on tiptoe to look over at the inhabitant  of the two bed . 'Well, you've got a funny way of  howing it!'  aid Mr . Longbottom. 'My  on and hi  wife,'  he  aid, turning haughtily to Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny, 'were tortured into in anity by You-Know-Who'  follower .' Hermione and Ginny both clapped their hand  over their mouth . Ron  topped craning hi  neck to catch a glimp e of Neville'  parent  and looked mortified. They were Auror , you know, and very well re pected within the wizarding community' Mr . Longbottom went on. 'Highly gifted, the pair of them. I - ye , Alice dear, what i  it?' Neville'  mother had come edging down the ward in her nightdre . She no longer had the plump, happy-looking face Harry had  een in Moody'  old photograph of the original Order of the Phoenix. Her face wa  thin and worn now, her eye   eemed overlarge and her hair, which had turned white, wa  wi py and dead-looking. She did not  eem to want to  peak, or perhap   he wa  not able to, but  he made timid motion  toward  Neville, holding  omething in her out tretched hand. 'Again?'  aid Mr . Longbottom,  ounding  lightly weary. 'Very well, Alice dear, very well - Neville, take it, whatever it i .' But Neville had already  tretched out hi  hand, into which hi  mother dropped an empty Drooble'  Be t Blowing Gum wrapper. 'Very nice, dear,'  aid Neville'  grandmother in a fal ely cheery voice, patting hi  mother on the  houlder. But Neville  aid quietly, Thank , Mum.' Hi  mother tottered away, back up the ward, humming to her elf. Neville looked around at the other , hi  expre ion defiant, a  though daring them to laugh, but Harry did not think he'd ever found anything le  funny in hi  life. 'Well, we'd better get back,'  ighed Mr . Longbottom, drawing on long green glove . 'Very nice to have met you all. Neville, put that wrapper in the bin,  he mu t have given you enough of them to paper your bedroom by now.' But a  they left, Harry wa   ure he  aw Neville  lip the  weet wrapper into hi  pocket. The door clo ed behind them. 'I never knew,'  aid Hermione, who looked tearful. 'Nor did I,'  aid Ron rather hoar ely. 'Nor me,' whi pered Ginny. They all looked at Harry. 'I did,' he  aid glumly. 'Dumbledore told me but I promi ed I wouldn't tell anyone… that'  what Bellatrix Le trange got  ent to Azkaban for, u ing the Cruciatu  Cur e on Neville'  parent  until they lo t their mind .' 'Bellatrix Le trange did that?' whi pered Hermione, horrified. That woman Kreacher'  got a photo of in hi  den?' There wa  a long  ilence, broken by Lockhart  angry voice. 'Look, I didn't learn joined-up writing for nothing, you know!' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 24 - Occlumency Kreacher, it tran pired, had been lurking in the attic. Siriu   aid he had found him up there, covered in du t, no doubt looking for more relic  of the Black family to hide in hi  cupboard. Though Siriu   eemed  ati fied with thi   tory, it made Harry unea y. Kreacher  eemed to be in a better mood on hi  reappearance, hi  bitter muttering had  ub ided  omewhat and he  ubmitted to order  more docilely than u ual, though once or twice Harry caught the hou e-elf  taring at him avidly, but alway  looking quickly away whenever he  aw that Harry had noticed. Harry did not mention hi  vague  u picion  to Siriu , who e cheerfulne  wa  evaporating fa t now that Chri tma  wa  over. A  the date of their departure back to Hogwart  drew nearer, he became more and more prone to what Mr . Wea ley called 'fit  of the  ul-len ', in which he would become taciturn and grumpy, often withdrawing to Buckbeak'  room for hour  at a time. Hi  gloom  eeped through the hou e, oozing under doorway  like  ome noxiou  ga ,  o that all of them became infected by it. Harry didn't want to leave Siriu  again with only Kreacher for company; in fact, for the fir t time in hi  life, he wa  not looking forward to returning to Hogwart . Going back to  chool would mean placing him elf once again under the tyranny of Dolore  Umbridge, who had no doubt managed to force through another dozen decree  in their ab ence; there wa  no Quidditch to look forward to now that he had been banned; there wa  every likelihood that their burden of homework would increa e a  the exam  drew even nearer; and Dumbledore remained a  remote a  ever. In fact, if it hadn't been for the DA, Harry thought he might have begged Siriu  to let him leave Hogwart  and remain in Grimmauld Place. Then, on the very la t day of the holiday ,  omething happened that made Harry po itively dread hi  return to  chool. 'Harry, dear,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, poking her head into hi  and Ron'  bedroom, where the pair of them were playing wizard che  watched by Hermione, Ginny and Crook hank , 'could you come down to the kitchen? Profe or Snape would like a word with you.' Harry did not immediately regi ter what  he had  aid; one of hi  ca tle  wa  engaged in a violent tu le with a pawn of Ron  and he wa  egging it on enthu ia tically. 'Squa h him -  qua h him, he'  only a pawn, you idiot. Sorry, Mr . Wea ley, what did you  ay?' 'Profe or Snape, dear. In the kitchen. He'd like a word.' Harry'  mouth fell open in horror. He looked around at Ron, Hermione and Ginny, all of whom were gaping back at him. Crook hank , whom Hermione had been re training with difficulty for the pa t quarter of an hour, leapt gleefully on to the board and  et the piece  running for cover,  quealing at the top of their voice . 'Snape?'  aid Harry blankly. 'Profe or Snape, dear,'  aid Mr . Wea ley reprovingly. 'Now come on, quickly, he  ay  he can't  tay long.' 'What'  he want with you?'  aid Ron, looking unnerved a  Mr . Wea ley withdrew from the room. 'You haven't done anything, have you?' 'No!'  aid Harry indignantly, racking hi  brain  to think what he could have done that would make Snape pur ue him to Grimmauld Place. Had hi  la t piece of homework perhap  earned a T? A minute or two later, he pu hed open the kitchen door to find Siriu  and Snape both  eated at the long kitchen table, glaring in oppo ite direction . The  ilence between them wa  heavy with mutual di like. A letter lay open on the table in front of Siriu . 'Er,'  aid Harry, to announce hi  pre ence. Snape looked around at him, hi  face framed between curtain  of grea y black hair. 'Sit down, Potter.' 'You know,'  aid Siriu  loudly, leaning back on hi  rear chair leg  and  peaking to the ceiling, 'I think I'd prefer it if you didn't give order  here, Snape. It'  my hou e, you  ee.' An ugly flu h  uffu ed Snape'  pallid face. Harry  at down in a chair be ide Siriu , facing Snape acro  the table. 'I wa   uppo ed to  ee you alone, Potter,'  aid Snape, the familiar  neer curling hi  mouth, 'but Black -' 'I'm hi  godfather,'  aid Siriu , louder than ever. 'I am here on Dumbledore'  order ,'  aid Snape, who e voice, by contra t, wa  becoming more and more quietly wa pi h, 'but by all mean   tay, Black, I know you like to feel… involved.' 'What'  that  uppo ed to mean?'  aid Siriu , letting hi  chair fall back on to all four leg  with a loud bang. 'Merely that I am  ure you mu t feel - ah - fru trated by the fact that you can do nothing u eful,' Snape laid a delicate  tre  on the word, 'for the Order.' It wa  Siriu '  turn to flu h. Snape'  lip curled in triumph a  he turned to Harry. The Headma ter ha   ent me to tell you, Potter, that it i  hi  wi h for you to  tudy Occlumency thi  term.' 'Study what?'  aid Harry blankly. Snape'   neer became more pronounced. 'Occlumency, Potter. The magical defence of the mind again t external penetration. An ob cure branch of magic, but a highly u eful one.' Harry'  heart began to pump very fa t indeed. Defence again t external penetration? But he wa  not being po e ed, they had all agreed on that… 'Why do I have to  tudy Occlu— thing?' he blurted out. 'Becau e the Headma ter think  it a good idea,'  aid Snape  moothly. 'You will receive private le on  once a week, but you will not tell anybody what you are doing, lea t of all Dolore  Umbridge. You under tand?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. 'Who'  going to be teaching me?' Snape rai ed an eyebrow. 'I am,' he  aid. Harry had the horrible  en ation that hi  in ide  were melting. Extra le on  with Snape - what on earth had he done to de erve thi ? He looked quickly round at Siriu  for  upport. 'Why can't Dumbledore teach Harry?' a ked Siriu  aggre ively. 'Why you?' 'I  uppo e becau e it i  a headma ter'  privilege to delegate le  enjoyable ta k ,'  aid Snape  ilkily. 'I a ure you I did not beg for the job.' He got to hi  feet. 'I will expect you at  ix o'clock on Monday evening, Potter. My office. If anybody a k , you are taking remedial Potion . Nobody who ha   een you in my cla e  could deny you need them.' He turned to leave, hi  black travelling cloak billowing behind him. 'Wait a moment,'  aid Siriu ,  itting up  traighter in hi  chair. Snape turned back to face them,  neering. 'I am in rather a hurry, Black. Unlike you, I do not have unlimited lei ure time.' Til get to the point, then,'  aid Siriu ,  tanding up. He wa  rather taller than Snape who, Harry noticed, balled hi  fi t in the pocket of hi  cloak over what Harry wa   ure wa  the handle of hi  wand. 'If I hear you're u ing the e Occlumency le on  to give Harry a hard time, you'll have me to an wer to.' 'How touching,' Snape  neered. 'But  urely you have noticed that Potter i  very like hi  father?' 'Ye , I have,'  aid Siriu  proudly. 'Well then, you'll know he'   o arrogant that critici m  imply bounce  off him,' Snape  aid  leekly. Siriu  pu hed hi  chair roughly a ide and  trode around the table toward  Snape, pulling out hi  wand a  he went. Snape whipped out hi  own. They were  quaring up to each other, Siriu  looking livid, Snape calculating, hi  eye  darting from Siriu '  wand-tip to hi  face. 'Siriu !'  aid Harry loudly, but Siriu  appeared not to hear him. 'I've warned you, Snivdlu ,'  aid Siriu , hi  face barely a foot from Snape' , 'I don't care if Dumbledore think  you've reformed, I know better -' 'Oh, but why don't you tell him  o?' whi pered Snape. 'Or are you afraid he might not take very  eriou ly the advice of a man who ha  been hiding in ide hi  mother'  hou e for  ix month ?' Tell me, how i  Luciu  Malfoy the e day ? I expect he'  delighted hi  lapdog'  working at Hogwart , i n't he?' 'Speaking of dog ,'  aid Snape  oftly, 'did you know that Luciu  Malfoy recogni ed you la t time you ri ked a little jaunt out ide? Clever idea, Black, getting your elf  een on a  afe  tation platform… gave you a ca t-iron excu e not to leave your hidey-hole in future, didn't it?' Siriu  rai ed hi  wand. 'NO!' Harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying to get in between them. 'Siriu , don't!' 'Are you calling me a coward?' roared Siriu , trying to pu h Harry out of the way, but Harry would not budge. 'Why, ye , I  uppo e I am,'  aid Snape. 'Harry - get - out - of - it!'  narled Siriu , pu hing him a ide with hi  free hand. The kitchen door opened and the entire Wea ley family, plu  Hermione, came in ide, all looking very happy, with Mr Wea ley walking proudly in their mid t dre ed in a pair of  triped pyjama  covered by a mackinto h. 'Cured!' he announced brightly to the kitchen at large. 'Completely cured!' He and all the other Wea ley  froze on the thre hold, gazing at the  cene in front of them, which wa  al o  u pended in mid-action, both Siriu  and Snape looking toward  the door with their wand  pointing into each other'  face  and Harry immobile between them, a hand  tretched out to each, trying to force them apart. 'Merlin'  beard,'  aid Mr Wea ley, the  mile  liding off hi  face, 'what'  going on here?' Both Siriu  and Snape lowered their wand . Harry looked from one to the other. Each wore an expre ion of utmo t contempt, yet the unexpected entrance of  o many witne e   eemed to have brought them to their  en e . Snape pocketed hi  wand, turned on hi  heel and  wept back acro  the kitchen, pa ing the Wea ley  without comment. At the door he looked back. 'Six o'clock, Monday evening, Potter.' And he wa  gone. Siriu  glared after him, hi  wand at hi   ide. 'What'  been going on?' a ked Mr Wea ley again. 'Nothing, Arthur,'  aid Siriu , who wa  breathing heavily a  though he had ju t run a long di tance. 'Ju t a friendly little chat between two old  chool friend .' With what looked like an enormou  effort, he  miled. 'So… you're cured? That'  great new , really great.' 'Ye , i n't it?'  aid Mr . Wea ley, leading her hu band forward to a chair. 'Healer Smethwyck worked hi  magic in the end, found an antidote to whatever that  nake'  got in it  fang , and Arthur'  learned hi  le on about dabbling in Muggle medicine, haven't you, dear?'  he added, rather menacingly. 'Ye , Molly, dear,'  aid Mr Wea ley meekly. That night'  meal  hould have been a cheerful one, with Mr Wea ley back among t them. Harry could tell Siriu  wa  trying to make it  o, yet when hi  godfather wa  not forcing him elf to laugh loudly at Fred and George'  joke  or offering everyone more food, hi  face fell back into a moody, brooding expre ion. Harry wa   eparated from him by Mundungu  and Mad-Eye, who had dropped in to offer Mr Wea ley their congratulation . He wanted to talk to Siriu , to tell him he  houldn't li ten to a word Snape  aid, that Snape wa  goading him deliberately and that the re t of them didn't think Siriu  wa  a coward for doing a  Dumbledore told him and remaining in Grimmauld Place. But he had no opportunity to do  o, and, eyeing the ugly look on Siriu '  face, Harry wondered occa ionally whether he would have dared to mention it even if he had the chance. In tead, he told Ron and Hermione under hi  voice about having to take Occlumency le on  with Snape. 'Dumbledore want  to  top you having tho e dream  about Voldemort,'  aid Hermione at once. 'Well, you won't be  orry not to have them any more, will you?' 'Extra le on  with Snape?'  aid Ron,  ounding agha t. 'I'd rather have the nightmare !' They were to return to Hogwart  on the Knight Bu  the following day, e corted once again by Tonk  and Lupin, both of whom were eating breakfa t in the kitchen when Harry, Ron and Hermione came down next morning. The adult   eemed to have been mid-way through a whi pered conver ation a  Harry opened the door; all of them looked round ha tily and fell  ilent. After a hurried breakfa t, they all pulled on jacket  and  carve  . again t the chilly grey January morning. Harry had an unplea ant con tricted  en ation in hi  che t; he did not want to  ay goodbye to Siriu . He had a bad feeling about thi  parting; he didn't know . when they would next  ee each other and he felt it wa  incumbent upon him to  ay  omething to Siriu  to  top him doing anything  tupid - Harry wa  worried that Snape'  accu ation of cowardice had  tung Siriu   o badly he might even now be planning  ome foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place. Before he could think of what to  ay, however, Siriu  had beckoned him to hi   ide. '1 want you to take thi ,' he  aid quietly, thru ting a badly wrapped package roughly the  ize of a paperback book into Harry'  hand . 'What i  it?' Harry a ked. 'A way of letting me know if Snape'  giving you a hard time.r No, don't open it in here!'  aid Siriu , with a wary look at Mr . Wea ley, who wa  trying to per uade the twin  to wear hand-knitted mitten . 'I doubt Molly would approve - but I want you to u e it if you need me, all right?' 'OK,'  aid Harry,  towing the package away in the in ide pocket of hi  jacket, but he knew he would never u e whatever it wa . It would not be he, Harry, who lured Siriu  from hi  place of  afety, no matter how foully Snape treated him in their forthcoming Occlumency cla e . 'Let'  go, then,'  aid Siriu , clapping Harry on the  houlder and  miling grimly, and before Harry could  ay anything el e, they were heading up tair ,  topping before the heavily chained and bolted front door,  urrounded by Wea ley . 'Goodbye, Harry, take care,'  aid Mr . Wea ley, hugging him. 'See you, Harry, and keep an eye out for  nake  for me!'  aid Mr Wea ley genially,  haking hi  hand. 'Right - yeah,'  aid Harry di tractedly; it wa  hi  la t chance to tell Siriu  to be careful; he turned, looked into hi  godfather'  face :. and opened hi  mouth to  peak, but before he could do  o Siriu  ij il wa  giving him a brief, one-armed hug, and  aying gruffly, 'Look after your elf, Harry.' Next moment, Harry found him elf being  hunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonk  (today heavily di gui ed a  a tall, tweedy woman with iron-grey hair) chivvying him down the  tep . The door of number twelve  lammed  hut behind them. They followed Lupin down the front  tep . A  he reached the pavement, Harry looked round. Number twelve wa   hrinking rapidly a  tho e on either  ide of it  tretched  ideway ,  queezing it out of  ight. One blink later, it had gone. 'Come on, the quicker we get on the bu  the better,'  aid Tonk , and Harry thought there wa  nervou ne  in the glance  he threw around the  quare. Lupin flung out hi  right arm. BANG. A violently purple, triple-decker bu  had appeared out of thin air in front of them, narrowly avoiding the neare t lamppo t, which jumped backward  out of it  way. A thin, pimply, jug-eared youth in a purple uniform leapt down on to the pavement and  aid, 'Welcome to the -' 'Ye , ye , we know, thank you,'  aid Tonk   wiftly. 'On, on, get on -' And  he  hoved Harry forward  toward  the  tep , pa t the conductor, who goggled at Harry a  he pa ed. 'Ere - it'  'Any -!' 'If you  hout hi  name I will cur e you into oblivion,' muttered Tonk  menacingly, now  hunting Ginny and Hermione forward . 'I've alway  wanted to go on thi  thing,'  aid Ron happily, joining Harry on board and looking around. It had been evening the la t time Harry had travelled by Knight Bu  and it  three deck  had been full of bra  bed tead . Now, in the early morning, it wa  crammed with an a ortment of mi matched chair  grouped haphazardly around window . Some of the e appeared to have fallen over when the bu   topped abruptly in Grimmauld Place; a few witche  and wizard  were  till getting to their feet, grumbling, and  omebody'   hopping bag had  lid the length of the bu : an unplea ant mixture of frog pawn, cockroache  and cu tard cream  wa   cattered all over the floor. 'Look  like we'll have to  plit up,'  aid Tonk  bri kly, looking around for empty chair . 'Fred, George and Ginny, if you ju t take tho e  eat  at the back… Remu  can  tay with you.' She, Harry, Ron and Hermione proceeded up to the very top deck, where there were two unoccupied chair  at the very front of the bu  and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, the conductor, followed Harry and Ron eagerly to the back. Head  turned a  Harry pa ed and, when he  at down, he  aw all the face  flick back to the front again. A  Harry and Ron handed Stan eleven Sickle  each, the bu   et off again,  waying ominou ly. It rumbled around Grimmauld Place, weaving on and off the pavement, then, with another tremendou  BANG, they were all flung backward ; Ron'  chair toppled right over and Pigwidgeon, who had been on hi  lap, bur t out of hi  cage and flew twittering wildly up to the front of the bu  where he fluttered down on to Hermione'   houlder in tead. Harry, who had narrowly avoided falling by  eizing a candle bracket, looked out of the window: they were now  peeding down what appeared to be a motorway. 'Ju t out ide Birmingham,'  aid Stan happily, an wering Harry'  una ked que tion a  Ron  truggled up from the floor. 'You keepin' well, then, 'Arry? I  een your name in the paper load  over the  ummer, but it weren't never nuffink very nice. I  aid to Ern, I  aid, 'e didn't  eem like a nutter when we met 'im, ju t goe  to  how, dunnit?' He handed over their ticket  and continued to gaze, enthralled, at Harry. Apparently, Stan did not care how nutty  omebody wa , if they were famou  enough to be in the paper. The Knight Bu   wayed alarmingly, overtaking a line of car  on the in ide. Looking toward  the front of the bu , Harry  aw Hermione cover her eye  with her hand , Pigwidgeon  waying happily on her  houlder. BANG. Chair   lid backward  again a  the Knight Bu  jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country lane full of hairpin bend . Hedgerow  on either  ide of the road were leaping out of their way a  they mounted the verge . From here they moved to a main  treet in the middle of a bu y town, then to a viaduct  urrounded by tall hill , then to a wind wept road between high-ri e flat , each time with a loud BANG. 'I've changed my mind,' muttered Ron, picking him elf up from the floor for the  ixth time, 'I never want to ride on thi  thing again.' 'Li ten, it'  'Ogwart   top after thi ,'  aid Stan brightly,  waying toward  them. That bo y woman up front 'oo got on with you,  he'  given u  a little tip to move you up the queue. We're ju t gonna let Madam Mar h off fir t, though -' there wa  a retching  ound from down tair , followed by a horrible  pattering noi e '-  he'  not feeling 'er be t.' A few minute  later, the Knight Bu   creeched to a halt out ide a  mall pub, which  queezed it elf out of the way to avoid a colli ion. They could hear Stan u hering the unfortunate Madam Mar h out of the bu  and the relieved murmuring  of her fellow pa enger  on the  econd deck. The bu  moved on again, gathering  peed, until - BANG. They were rolling through a  nowy Hog meade. Harry caught a glimp e of the Hog'  Head down it   ide  treet, the  evered boar'  head  ign creaking in the wintry wind. Fleck  of  now hit the large window at the front of the bu . At la t they rolled to a halt out ide the gate  to Hogwart . Lupin and Tonk  helped them off the bu  with their luggage, then got off to  ay goodbye. Harry glanced up at the three deck  of the Knight Bu  and  aw all the pa enger   taring down at them, no e  flat again t the window . 'You'll be  afe once you're in the ground ,'  aid Tonk , ca ting a careful eye around at the de erted road. 'Have a good term, OK?' 'Look after your elve ,'  aid Lupin,  haking hand  all round and reaching Harry la t. 'And li ten…" he lowered hi  voice while the re t of them exchanged la t-minute goodbye  with Tonk , 'Harry, I know you don't like Snape, but he i  a  uperb Occlumen  and we all - Siriu  included - want you to learn to protect your elf,  o work hard, all right?' 'Yeah, all right,'  aid Harry heavily, looking up into Lupin'  prematurely lined face. 'See you, then.' The  ix of them  truggled up the  lippery drive toward  the ca tle, dragging their trunk . Hermione wa  already talking about knitting a few elf hat  before bedtime. Harry glanced back when they reached the oaken front door ; the Knight Bu  had already gone and he half-wi hed, given what wa  coming the following evening, that he wa   till on board. * Harry  pent mo t of the next day dreading the evening. Hi  morning double-Potion  le on did nothing to di pel hi  trepidation, a  Snape wa  a  unplea ant a  ever. Hi  mood wa  further lowered by the DA member  con tantly approaching him in the corridor  between cla e , a king hopefully if there would be a meeting that night. Til let you know in the u ual way when the next one i ,' Harry  aid over and over again, 'but I can't do it tonight, I've got to go to - er - remedial Potion .' 'You take remedial Potion !' a ked Zacharia  Smith  uperciliou ly, having cornered Harry in the Entrance Hall after lunch. 'Good Lord, you mu t be terrible. Snape doe n't u ually give extra le on , doe  he?' A  Smith  trode away in an annoyingly buoyant fa hion, Ron glared after him. 'Shall I jinx him? I can  till get him from here,' he  aid, rai ing hi  wand and taking aim between Smith'   houlder blade . 'Forget it,'  aid Harry di mally. 'It'  what everyone'  going to think, i n't it? That I'm really  tup—' 'Hi, Harry,'  aid a voice behind him. He turned round and found Cho  tanding there. 'Oh,'  aid Harry a  hi   tomach leapt uncomfortably. 'Hi.' 'We'll be in the library, Harry,'  aid Hermione firmly a   he  eized Ron above the elbow and dragged him off toward  the marble  tairca e. 'Had a good Chri tma ?' a ked Cho. 'Yeah, not bad,'  aid Harry. 'Mine wa  pretty quiet,'  aid Cho. For  ome rea on,  he wa  looking rather embarra ed. 'Erm… there'  another Hog meade trip next month, did you  ee the notice?' 'What? Oh, no, I haven't checked the noticeboard  ince I got back.' 'Ye , it'  on Valentine'  Day…' 'Right,'  aid Harry, wondering why  he wa  telling him thi . 'Well, I  uppo e you want to -?' 'Only if you do,'  he  aid eagerly. Harry  tared. He had been about to  ay, 'I  uppo e you want to know when the next DA meeting i ?' but her re pon e did not  eem to fit. 'I - er —' he  aid. 'Oh, it'  OK if you don't,'  he  aid, looking mortified. 'Don't worry. I - I'll  ee you around.' She walked away. Harry  tood  taring after her, hi  brain working frantically. Then  omething clunked into place. 'Cho! Hey - CHO!' He ran after her, catching her halfway up the marble  tairca e. 'Er - d'you want to come into Hog meade with me on Valentine'  Day?' 'Oooh, ye !'  he  aid, blu hing crim on and beaming at him. 'Right… well… that'   ettled then,'  aid Harry, and feeling that the day wa  not going to be a complete lo  after all, he virtually bounced off to the library to pick -up Ron and Hermione before their afternoon le on . By  ix o'clock that evening, however, even the glow of having  ucce fully a ked out Cho Chang could not lighten the ominou  feeling  that inten ified with every  tep Harry took toward  Snape'  office. He pau ed out ide the door when he reached it, wi hing he were almo t anywhere el e, then, taking a deep breath, he knocked and entered. The  hadowy room wa  lined with  helve  bearing hundred  of gla  jar  in which  limy bit  of animal  and plant  were  u pended in variou ly coloured potion . In one corner  tood the cupboard full of ingredient  that Snape had once accu ed Harry - not without rea on - of robbing. Harry'  attention wa  drawn toward  the de k, however, where a  hallow  tone ba in engraved with rune  and  ymbol  lay in a pool of candlelight. Harry recogni ed it at once - it wa  Dumbledore'  Pen ieve. Wondering what on earth it wa  doing there, he jumped when Snape'  cold voice came out of the  hadow . 'Shut the door behind you, Potter.' Harry did a  he wa  told, with the horrible feeling that he wa  impri oning him elf. When he turned back into the room, Snape had moved into the light and wa  pointing  ilently at the chair oppo ite hi  de k. Harry  at down and  o did Snape, hi  cold black eye  fixed unblinkingly upon Harry, di like etched in every line of hi  face. 'Well, Potter, you know why you are here,' he  aid. The Headma ter ha  a ked me to teach you Occlumency. I can only hope that you prove more adept at it than at Potion .' 'Right,'  aid Harry ter ely. Thi  may not be an ordinary cla , Potter,'  aid Snape, hi  eye  narrowed malevolently, 'but I am  till your teacher and you will therefore call me “ ir” or “Profe or” at all time .' 'Ye …  ir,'  aid Harry. Snape continued to  urvey him through narrowed eye  for a moment, then  aid, 'Now, Occlumency. A  I told you back in your dear godfather'  kitchen, thi  branch of magic  eal  the mind again t magical intru ion and influence.' 'And why doe  Profe or Dumbledore think I need it,  ir?'  aid Harry, looking directly into Snape'  eye  and wondering whether Snape would an wer. Snape looked back at him for a moment and then  aid contemptuou ly, 'Surely even you could have worked that out by now, Potter? The Dark Lord i  highly  killed at Legilimency -' 'What'  that? Sir?' 'It i  the ability to extract feeling  and memorie  from another per on  mind -' 'He can read mind ?'  aid Harry quickly, hi  wor t fear  confirmed. 'You have no  ubtlety, Potter,'  aid Snape, hi  dark eye  glittering. 'You do not under tand fine di tinction . It i  one of the  hortcoming  that make  you  uch a lamentable potion-maker.' Snape pau ed for a moment, apparently to  avour the plea ure of in ulting Harry, before continuing. 'Only Muggle  talk of “mind-reading”. The mind i  not a book, to be opened at will and examined at lei ure. Thought  are not etched on the in ide of  kull , to be peru ed by any invader. The mind i  a complex and many-layered thing, Potter - or at lea t, mo t mind  are.' He  mirked. 'It i  true, however, that tho e who have ma tered Legilimency are able, under certain condition , to delve into the mind  of their victim  and to interpret their finding  correctly. The Dark Lord, for in tance, almo t alway  know  when  omebody i  lying to him. Only tho e  killed at Occlumency are able to  hut down tho e feeling  and memorie  that contradict the lie, and  o can utter fal ehood  in hi  pre ence without detection.' Whatever Snape  aid, Legilimency  ounded like mind-reading to Harry, and he didn't like the  ound of it at all. 'So he could know what we're thinking right now? Sir?' The Dark Lord i  at a con iderable di tance and the wall  and ground  of Hogwart  are guarded by many ancient  pell  and charm  to en ure the bodily and mental  afety of tho e who dwell within them,'  aid Snape. Time and  pace matter in magic, Potter. Eye contact i  often e ential to Legilimency.' 'Well then, why do I have to learn Occlumency?' Snape eyed Harry, tracing hi  mouth with one long, thin finger a  he did  o. The u ual rule  do not  eem to apply with you, Potter. The cur e that failed to kill you  eem  to have forged  ome kind of connection between you and the Dark Lord. The evidence  ugge t  that at time , when your mind i  mo t relaxed and vulnerable - when you are a leep, for in tance - you are  haring the Dark Lord'  thought  and emotion . The Headma ter think  it inadvi able for thi  to continue. He wi he  me to teach you how to clo e your mind to the Dark Lord.' Harry'  heart wa  pumping fa t again. None of thi  added up. 'But why doe  Profe or Dumbledore want to  top it?' he a ked abruptly. 'I don't like it much, but it'  been u eful, ha n't it? I mean… I  aw that  nake attack Mr Wea ley and if I hadn't, Profe or Dumbledore wouldn't have been able to  ave him, would he? Sir?' Snape  tared at Harry for a few moment ,  till tracing hi  mouth with hi  finger. When he  poke again, it wa   lowly and deliberately, a  though he weighed every word. 'It appear  that the Dark Lord ha  been unaware of the connection between you and him elf until very recently. Up till now it  eem  that you have been experiencing hi  emotion , and  haring hi  thought , without hi  being any the wi er. However, the vi ion you had  hortly before Chri tma  -' The one with the  nake and Mr Wea ley?' 'Do not interrupt me, Potter,'  aid Snape in a dangerou  voice. 'A  I wa   aying, the vi ion you had  hortly before Chri tma  repre ented  uch a powerful incur ion upon the Dark Lord'  thought  -' 'I  aw in ide the  nake'  head, not hi !' '1 thought I ju t told you not to interrupt me, Potter?' But Harry did not care if Snape wa  angry; at la t he  eemed to be getting to the bottom of thi  bu ine ; he had moved forward  in hi  chair  o that, without reali ing it, he wa  perched on the very edge, ten e a  though poi ed for flight. 'How come I  aw through the  nake  eye  if it'  Voldemort'  thought  I'm  haring?' 'Do not  ay the Dark Lord'  name!'  pat Snape. There wa  a na ty  ilence. They glared at each other acro  the Pen ieve. 'Profe or Dumbledore  ay  hi  name,'  aid Harry quietly. 'Dumbledore i  an extremely powerful wizard,' Snape muttered. 'While he may feel  ecure enough to u e the name… the re t of u …' He rubbed hi  left forearm, apparently uncon ciou ly, on the  pot where Harry knew the Dark Mark wa  burned into hi   kin. 'I ju t wanted to know,' Harry began again, forcing hi  voice back to politene , 'why -' 'You  eem to have vi ited the  nake'  mind becau e that wa  where the Dark Lord wa  at that particular moment,'  narled Snape. 'He wa  po e ing the  nake at the time and  o you dreamed you were in ide it, too.' 'And Vol— he - reali ed I wa  there?' 'It  eem   o,'  aid Snape coolly. 'How do you know?'  aid Harry urgently. 'I  thi  ju t Profe or Dumbledore gue ing, or -?' 'I told you,'  aid Snape, rigid in hi  chair, hi  eye   lit , 'to call me “ ir”.' 'Ye ,  ir,'  aid Harry impatiently, 'but how do you know -?' 'It i  enough that we know,'  aid Snape repre ively. The important point i  that the Dark Lord i  now aware that you are gaining acce  to hi  thought  and feeling . He ha  al o deduced that the proce  i  likely to work in rever e; that i  to  ay, he ha  reali ed that he might be able to acce  your thought  and feeling  in return -' 'And he might try and make me do thing ?' a ked Harry. 'Sir?' he added hurriedly. 'He might,'  aid Snape,  ounding cold and unconcerned. 'Which bring  u  back to Occlumency.' Snape pulled out hi  wand from an in ide pocket of hi  robe  and Harry ten ed in hi  chair, but Snape merely rai ed the wand to hi  temple and placed it  tip into the grea y root  of hi  hair. When he withdrew it,  ome  ilvery  ub tance came away,  tretching from temple to wand like a thick go amer  trand, which broke a  he pulled the wand away from it and fell gracefully into the Pen ieve, where it  wirled  ilvery-white, neither ga  nor liquid. Twice more, Snape rai ed the wand to hi  temple and depo ited the  ilvery  ub tance into the  tone ba in, then, without offering any explanation of hi  behaviour, he picked up the Pen ieve carefully, removed it to a  helf out of their way and returned to face Harry with hi  wand held at the ready. 'Stand up and take out your wand, Potter.' Harry got to hi  feet, feeling nervou . They faced each other with the de k between them. 'You may u e your wand to attempt to di arm me, or defend your elf in any other way you can think of,'  aid Snape. 'And what are you going to do?' Harry a ked, eyeing Snape'  wand apprehen ively. 'I am about to attempt to break into your mind,'  aid Snape  oftly. 'We are going to  ee how well you re i t. I have been told that you have already  hown aptitude at re i ting the Imperiu  Cur e. You will find that  imilar power  are needed for thi … brace your elf, now. Legilimen !' Snape had  truck before Harry wa  ready, before he had even begun to  ummon any force of re i tance. The office  wam in front of hi  eye  and vani hed; image after image wa  racing through hi  mind like a flickering film  o vivid it blinded him to hi   urrounding . He wa  five, watching Dudley riding a new red bicycle, and hi  heart wa  bur ting with jealou y… he wa  nine, and Ripper the bulldog wa  cha ing him up a tree and the Dur ley  were laughing below on the lawn… he wa   itting under the Sorting Hat, and it wa  telling him he would do well in Slytherin… Hermione wa  lying in the ho pital wing, her face covered with thick black hair… a hundred Dementor  were clo ing in on him be ide the dark lake… Cho Chang wa  drawing nearer to him under the mi tletoe… No,  aid a voice in ide Harry'  head, a  the memory of Cho drew nearer, you're not watching that, you're not watching it, it'  private - He felt a  harp pain in hi  knee. Snape'  office had come back into view and he reali ed that he had fallen to the floor; one of hi  knee  had collided painfully with the leg of Snape'  de k. He looked up at Snape, who had lowered hi  wand and wa  rubbing hi  wri t. There wa  an angry weal there, like a  corch mark. 'Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex?' a ked Snape coolly. 'No,'  aid Harry bitterly, getting up from the floor. 'I thought not,'  aid Snape, watching him clo ely. 'You let me get in too far. You lo t control.' 'Did you  ee everything I  aw?' Harry a ked, un ure whether he wanted to hear the an wer. 'Fla he  of it,'  aid Snape, hi  lip curling. To whom did the dog belong?' 'My Aunt Marge,' Harry muttered, hating Snape. 'Well, for a fir t attempt that wa  not a  poor a  it might have been,'  aid Snape, rai ing hi  wand once more. 'You managed to  top me eventually, though you wa ted time and energy  houting. You mu t remain focu ed. Repel me with your brain and you will not need to re ort to your wand.' 'I'm trying,'  aid Harry angrily, 'but you're not telling me how!' 'Manner , Potter,'  aid Snape dangerou ly. 'Now, I want you to clo e your eye .' Harry threw him a filthy look before doing a  he wa  told. He did not like the idea of  tanding there with hi  eye   hut while Snape faced him, carrying a wand. 'Clear your mind, Potter,'  aid Snape'  cold voice. 'Let go of all emotion…" But Harry'  anger at Snape continued to pound through hi  vein  like venom. Let go of hi  anger? He could a  ea ily detach hi  leg … 'You're not doing it, Potter… you will need more di cipline than thi … focu , now…" Harry tried to empty hi  mind, tried not to think, or remember, or feel… 'Let'  go again… on the count of three… one - two - three -Legilimen !' A great black dragon wa  rearing in front of him… hi  father and mother were waving at him out of an enchanted mirror… Cedric Diggory wa  lying on the ground with blank eye   taring at him… 'NOOOOOOO!' Harry wa  on hi  knee  again, hi  face buried in hi  hand , hi  brain aching a  though  omeone had been trying to pull it from hi   kull. 'Get up!'  aid Snape  harply. 'Get up! You are not trying, you are making no effort. You are allowing me acce  to memorie  you fear, handing me weapon !' Harry  tood up again, hi  heart thumping wildly a  though he had reallyju t  een Cedric dead in the graveyard. Snape looked paler than u ual, and angrier, though not nearly a  angry a  Harry wa . 'I - am - making - an - effort,' he  aid through clenched teeth. 'I told you to empty your elf of emotion!' 'Yeah? Well, I'm finding that hard at the moment,' Harry  narled. Then you will find your elf ea y prey for the Dark Lord!'  aid Snape  avagely. 'Fool  who wear their heart  proudly on their  leeve , who cannot control their emotion , who wallow in  ad memorie  and allow them elve  to be provoked  o ea ily - weak people, in other word  - they  tand no chance again t hi  power ! He will penetrate your mind with ab urd ea e, Potter!' 'I am not weak,'  aid Harry in a low voice, fury now pumping through him  o that he thought he might attack Snape in a moment. Then prove it! Ma ter your elf!'  pat Snape. 'Control your anger, di cipline your mind! We  hall try again! Get ready, now! Legüimen !' He wa  watching Uncle Vernon hammering the letterbox  hut… a hundred Dementor  were drifting acro  the lake in the ground  toward  him… he wa  running along a windowle  pa age with Mr Wea ley… they were drawing nearer to the plain black door at the end of the corridor… Harry expected to go through it… but Mr Wea ley led him off to the left, down a flight of  tone  tep … 'I KNOW! I KNOW!' He wa  on all four  again on Snape'  office floor, hi   car wa  prickling unplea antly, but the voice that had ju t i ued from hi  mouth wa  triumphant. He pu hed him elf up again to find Snape  taring at him, hi  wand rai ed. It looked a  though, thi  time, Snape had lifted the  pell before Harry had even tried to fight back. 'What happened then, Potter?' he a ked, eyeing Harry intently. 'I  aw - I remembered,' Harry panted. 'I've ju t reali ed…' 'Reali ed what?' a ked Snape  harply. Harry did not an wer at once; he wa   till  avouring the moment of blinding reali ation a  he rubbed hi  forehead… He had been dreaming about a windowle  corridor ending in a locked door for month , without once reali ing that it wa  a real place. Now,  eeing the memory again, he knew that all along he had been dreaming about the corridor down which he had run with Mr Wea ley on the twelfth of Augu t a  they hurried to the courtroom  in the Mini try; it wa  the corridor leading to the Department of My terie  and Mr Wea ley had been there the night that he had been attacked by Voldemort'   nake. He looked up at Snape. 'What'  in the Department of My terie ?' 'What did you  ay?' Snape a ked quietly and Harry  aw, with deep  ati faction, that Snape wa  unnerved. '1  aid, what'  in the Department of My terie ,  ir?' Harry  aid. 'And why,'  aid Snape  lowly, 'would you a k  uch a thing?' 'Becau e,'  aid Harry, watching Snape'  face clo ely, 'that corridor I've ju t  een - I've been dreaming about it for month  — I've ju t recogni ed it - it lead  to the Department of My terie … and I think Voldemort want   omething from —' 'I have told you not to  ay the Dark Lord'  name!' They glared at each other. Harry   car  eared again, but he did not care. Snape looked agitated; but when he  poke again he  ounded a  though he wa  trying to appear cool and unconcerned. There are many thing  in the Department of My terie , Potter, few of which you would under tand and none of which concern you. Do I make my elf plain?' 'Ye ,' Harry  aid,  till rubbing hi  prickling  car, which wa  becoming more painful. 'I want you back here  ame time on Wedne day. We will continue work then.' Tine,'  aid Harry. He wa  de perate to get out of Snape'  office and find Ron and Hermione. 'You are to rid your mind of all emotion every night before  leep; empty it, make it blank and calm, you under tand?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, who wa  barely li tening. 'And be warned, Potter… I  hall know if you have not practi ed 'Right,' Harry mumbled. He picked up hi   choolbag,  wung it over hi   houlder and hurried toward  the office door. A  he opened it, he glanced back at Snape, who had hi  back to Harry and wa   cooping hi  own thought  out of the Pen ieve with the tip of hi  wand and replacing them carefully in ide hi  own head. Harry left without another word, clo ing the door carefully behind him, hi   car  till throbbing painfully. Harry found Ron and Hermione in the library, where they were working on Umbridge'  mo t recent ream of homework. Other  tudent , nearly all of them fifth-year ,  at at lamp-lit table  nearby, no e  clo e to book , quill   cratching feveri hly, while the  ky out ide the mulhoned window  grew  teadily blacker. The only other  ound wa  the  light  queaking of one of Madam Pince'   hoe , a  the librarian prowled the ai le  menacingly, breathing down the neck  of tho e touching her preciou  book . Harry felt  hivery; hi   car wa   till aching, he felt almo t feveri h. When he  at down oppo ite Ron and Hermione, he caught  ight of him elf in the window oppo ite; he wa  very white and hi   car  eemed to be  howing up more clearly than u ual. 'How did it go?' Hermione whi pered, and then, looking concerned. 'Are you all right, Harry?' 'Yeah… fine… I dunno,'  aid Harry impatiently, wincing a  pain  hot through hi   car again. 'Li ten… I've ju t reali ed  omething And he told them what he had ju t  een and deduced. 'So…  o are you  aying…' whi pered Ron, a  Madam Pince  wept pa t,  queaking  lightly, 'that the weapon - the thing You-Know-Who'  after — i  in the Mini try of Magic?' 'In the Department of My terie , it'  got to be,' Harry whi pered. 'I  aw that door when your dad took me down to the courtroom  for my hearing and it'  definitely the  ame one he wa  guarding when the  nake bit him.' Hermione let out a long,  low  igh. 'Of cour e,'  he breathed. 'Of cour e what?'  aid Ron rather impatiently. 'Ron, think about it… Sturgi  Podmore wa  trying to get through a door at the Mini try of Magic… it mu t have been that one, it'  too much of a coincidence!' 'How come Sturgi  wa  trying to break in when he'  on our  ide?'  aid Ron. 'Well, I don't know,' Hermione admitted. That i  a bit odd…' 'So what'  in the Department of My terie ?' Harry a ked Ron. 'Ha  your dad ever mentioned anything about it?' 'I know they call the people who work in there “Un peakable ”,'  aid Ron, frowning. 'Becau e no one really  eem  to know what they do - weird place to have a weapon.' 'It'  not weird at all, it make  perfect  en e,'  aid Hermione. 'It will be  omething top  ecret that the Mini try ha  been developing, I expect… Harry, are you  ure you're all right?' For Harry had ju t run both hi  hand  hard over hi  forehead a  though trying to iron it. 'Yeah… fine…" he  aid, lowering hi  hand , which were trembling. 'I ju t feel a bit… I don't like Occlumency much.' 'I expect anyone would feel  haky if they'd had their mind attacked over and over again,'  aid Hermione  ympathetically. 'Look, let'  get back to the common room, we'll be a bit more comfortable there.' But the common room wa  packed and full of  hriek  of laughter and excitement; Fred and George were demon trating their late t bit of joke  hop merchandi e. 'Headle  Hat !'  houted George, a  Fred waved a pointed hat decorated with a fluffy pink feather at the watching  tudent . Two Galleon  each, watch Fred, now!' Fred  wept the hat on to hi  head, beaming. For a  econd he merely looked rather  tupid; then both hat and head vani hed. Several girl   creamed, but everyone el e wa  roaring with laughter. 'And off again!'  houted George, and Fred'  hand groped for a moment in what  eemed to be thin air over hi   houlder; then hi  head reappeared a  he  wept the pink-feathered hat from it. 'How do tho e hat  work, then?'  aid Hermione, di tracted from her homework and watching Fred and George clo ely. 'I mean, obviou ly it'   ome kind of Invi ibility Spell, but it'  rather clever to have extended the field of invi ibility beyond the boundarie  of the charmed object… I'd imagine the charm wouldn't have a very long life though.' Harry did not an wer; he wa  feeling ill. 'I'm going to have to do thi  tomorrow,' he muttered, pu hing the book  he had ju t taken out of hi  bag back in ide it. 'Well, write it in your homework planner then!'  aid Hermione encouragingly. 'So you don't forget!' Harry and Ron exchanged look  a  he reached into hi  bag, withdrew the planner and opened it tentatively. 'Don't leave it till later, you big  econd-rater!' chided the book a  Harry  cribbled down Umbridge'  homework. Hermione beamed at it. 'I think I'll go to bed,'  aid Harry,  tuffing the homework planner back into hi  bag and making a mental note to drop it in the fire the fir t opportunity he got. He walked acro  the common room, dodging George, who tried to put a Headle  Hat on him, and reached the peace and cool of the  tone  tairca e to the boy ' dormitorie . He wa  feeling  ick again, ju t a  he had the night he had had the vi ion of the  nake, but thought that if he could ju t lie down for a while he would be all right. He opened the door of hi  dormitory and wa  one  tep in ide it when he experienced pain  o  evere he thought that  omeone mu t have  liced into the top of hi  head. He did not know where he wa , whether he wa   tanding or lying down, he did not even know hi  own name. Maniacal laughter wa  ringing in hi  ear … he wa  happier than he had been in a very long time… jubilant, ec tatic, triumphant… a wonderful, wonderful thing had happened… 'Harry? HARRY!' Someone had hit him around the face. The in ane laughter wa  punctuated with a cry of pain. The happine  wa  draining out of him, but the laughter continued… He opened hi  eye  and, a  he did  o, he became aware that the wild laughter wa  coming out of hi  own mouth. The moment he reali ed thi , it died away; Harry lay panting on the floor,  taring up at the ceiling, the  car on hi  forehead throbbing horribly. Ron wa  bending over him, looking very worried. 'What happened?' he  aid. 'I… dunno…' Harry ga ped,  itting up again. 'He'  really happy… really happy…" 'You-Know-Who i ?' 'Something good'  happened,' mumbled Harry. He wa   haking a  badly a  he had done after  eeing the  nake attack Mr Wea ley and felt very  ick. 'Something he'  been hoping for.' The word  came, ju t a  they had back in the Gryffindor changing room, a  though a  tranger wa   peaking them through Harry'  mouth, yet he knew they were true. He took deep breath , willing him elf not to vomit all over Ron. He wa  very glad that Dean and Seamu  were not here to watch thi  time. 'Hermione told me to come and check on you,'  aid Ron in a low voice, helping Harry to hi  feet. 'She  ay  your defence  will be low at the moment, after Snape'  been fiddling around with your mind…  till, I  uppo e it'll help in the long run, won't it?' He looked doubtfully at Harry a  he helped him toward  hi  bed. Harry nodded without any conviction and  lumped back on hi  pillow , aching all over from having fallen to the floor  o often that evening, hi   car  till prickling painfully. He could not help feeling that hi  fir t foray into Occlumency had weakened hi  mind'  re i tance rather than  trengthening it, and he wondered, with a feeling of great trepidation, what had happened to make Lord Voldemort the happie t he had been in fourteen year . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 25 - The Beetle at Bay Harry'  que tion wa  an wered the very next morning. When Hermione'  Daily Prophet arrived  he  moothed it out, gazed for a moment at the front page and gave a yelp that cau ed everyone in the vicinity to  tare at her. 'What?'  aid Harry and Ron together. For an wer  he  pread the new paper on the table in front of them and pointed at ten black-and-white photograph  that filled the whole of the front page, nine  howing wizard ' face  and the tenth, a witch' . Some of the people in the photograph  were  ilently jeering; other  were tapping their finger  on the frame of their picture , looking in olent. Each picture wa  captioned with a name and the crime for which the per on had been  ent to Azkaban. Antonin Dolohov, read the legend beneath a wizard with a long, pale, twi ted face who wa   neering up at Harry, convicted of the brutal murder  of Gideon and Fabian Prewett. Algernon Rookwood,  aid the caption beneath a pockmarked man with grea y hair who wa  leaning again t the edge of hi  picture, looking bored, convicted of leaking Mini try of Magic  ecret  to He Who Mu t Not Be Named. But Harry'  eye  were drawn to the picture of the witch. Her face had leapt out at him the moment he had  een the page. She had long, dark hair that looked unkempt and  traggly in the picture, though he had  een it  leek, thick and  hining. She glared up at him through heavily lidded eye , an arrogant, di dainful  mile playing around her thin mouth. Like Siriu ,  he retained ve tige  of great good look , but  omething - perhap  Azkaban - had taken mo t of her beauty. Bellatrix Le trange, convicted of the torture and permanent inca-pacitation of Frank and Alice Longbottom. Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline over the picture , which Harry, concentrating on Bellatrix, had not yet read. MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABAN MINISTRY FEARS BLACK IS 'RALLYING POINT' FOR OLD DEATH EATERS 'Black?'  aid Harry loudly. 'Not -?' 'Shhh!' whi pered Hermione de perately. 'Not  o loud - ju t read it!' The Mini try of Magic announced late la t night that there ha  been a ma  breakout from Azkaban. Speaking to reporter  in hi  private office, Corneliu  Fudge, Mini ter for Magic, confirmed that ten high- ecurity pri oner  e caped in the early hour  of ye terday evening and that he ha  already informed the Muggle Prime Mini ter of the dangerou  nature of the e individual . 'We find our elve , mo t unfortunately, in the  ame po ition we were two and a half year  ago when the murderer Sinu  Black e caped,'  aid Fudge la t night. 'Nor do we think the two breakout  are unrelated. An e cape of thi  magnitude  ugge t  out ide help, and we mu t remember that Black, a  the fir t per on ever to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to help other  follow in hi  foot tep . We think it likely that the e individual , who include Black'  cou in, Bellatrix Le trange, have rallied around Black a  their leader. We are, however, doing all we can to round up the criminal , and we beg the magical community to remain alert and cautiou . On no account  hould any of the e individual  be approached.' There you are, Harry,'  aid Ron, looking awe truck. That'  why he wa  happy la t night.' 'I don't believe thi ,'  narled Harry, 'Fudge i  blaming the breakout on Sinu ?' 'What other option  doe  he have?'  aid Hermione bitterly. 'He can hardly  ay, “Sorry, everyone, Dumbledore warned me thi  might happen, the Azkaban guard  have joined Lord Voldemort” -  top whimpering, Ron - “and now Voldemort'  wor t  upporter  have broken out, too.” I mean, he'   pent a good  ix month  telling everyone you and Dumbledore are liar , ha n't he?' Hermione ripped open the new paper and began to read the report in ide while Harry looked around the Great Hall. He could not under tand why hi  fellow  tudent  were not looking  cared or at lea t di cu ing the terrible piece of new  on the front page, but very few of them took the new paper every day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about homework and Quidditch and who knew what other rubbi h, when out ide the e wall  ten more Death Eater  had  wollen Voldemort'  rank . He glanced up at the  taff table. It wa  a different  tory there: Dumbledore and Profe or McGonagall were deep in conver ation, both looking extremely grave. Profe or Sprout had the Prophet propped again t a bottle of ketchup and wa  reading the front page with  uch concentration that  he wa  not noticing the gentle drip of egg yolk falling into her lap from her  tationary  poon. Meanwhile, at the far end of the table, Profe or Umbridge wa  tucking into a bowl of porridge. For once her pouchy toad'  eye  were not  weeping the Great Hall looking for mi behaving  tudent . She  cowled a   he gulped down her food and every now and then  he  hot a malevolent glance up the table to where Dumbledore and McGonagall were talking  o intently. 'Oh my -'  aid Hermione wonderingly,  till  taring at the new paper. 'What now?'  aid Harry quickly; he wa  feeling jumpy. 'It' … horrible,'  aid Hermione, looking  haken. She folded back page ten of the new paper and handed it to Harry and Ron. TRAGIC DEMISE OF MINISTRY OF MAGIC WORKER St Mungo'  Ho pital promi ed a full inquiry la t night after Mini try of Magic worker Broderick Bode, 49, wa  di covered dead in hi  . bed,  trangled by a pot plant. Healer  called to the  cene were unable to revive Mr Bode, who had been injured in a workplace accident  ome week  prior to hi  death. Healer Miriam Strout, who wa  in charge of Mr Bode  ward at the time of the incident, ha  been  u pended on full pay and wa  unavailable for comment ye terday, but a  poke wizard for the ho pital  aid in a  tatement: 'St Mungo'  deeply regret  the death of Mr Bode, who e health wa  improving  teadily prior to thi  tragic accident. 'We have  trict guideline  on the decoration  permitted on our ward  but it appear  that Healer Strout, bu y over the Chri tma  period, overlooked the danger  of the plant on Mr Bode'  bed ide table. A  hi   peech and mobility improved, Healer Strout encouraged Mr Bode to look after the plant him elf, unaware that it wa  not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devil'  Snare which, when touched by the convale cent Mr Bode, throttled him in tantly. 'St Mungo'  i  a  yet unable to account for the pre ence of the plant on the ward and a k  any witch or wizard with information to come forward.' 'Bode…'  aid Ron. 'Bode. It ring  a bell…' 'We  aw him,' Hermione whi pered. 'In St Mungo' , remember? He wa  in the bed oppo ite Lockhart' , ju t lying there,  taring at the ceiling. And we  aw the Devil'  Snare arrive. She - the Healer -  aid it wa  a Chri tma  pre ent.' Harry looked back at the  tory. A feeling of horror wa  ri ing like bile in hi  throat. 'How come we didn't recogni e Devil  Snare? We've  een it before… we could've  topped thi  from happening.' 'Who expect  Devil  Snare to turn up in a ho pital di gui ed a  a pot plant?'  aid Ron  harply. 'It'  not our fault, whoever  ent it to the bloke i  to blame! They mu t be a real prat, why didn't they check what they were buying?' 'Oh, come on, Ron!'  aid Hermione  hakily. 'I don't think anyone could put Devil  Snare in a pot and not reali e it trie  to kill whoever touche  it? Thi  - thi  wa  murder… a clever murder, a  well… if the plant wa   ent anonymou ly, how'  anyone ever going to find out who did it?' Harry wa  not thinking about Devil'  Snare. He wa  remembering taking the lift down to the ninth level of the Mini try on the day of hi  hearing and the  allow-faced man who had got in on the. Atrium level. •» 'I met Bode,' he  aid  lowly. 'I  aw him at the Mini try with your= dad.' :• Ron  mouth fell open. 'I've heard Dad talk about him at home! He wa  an Un peakable - he worked in the Department of My terie !' They looked at each other for a moment, then Hermione pulled the new paper back toward  her, clo ed it, glared for a moment at the picture  of the ten e caped Death Eater  on the front, then leapt to her feet. 'Where are you going?'  aid Ron,  tartled. To  end a letter,'  aid Hermione,  winging her bag on to her  houlder. 'It… well, I don't know whether… but it'  worth trying… and I'm the only one who can.' 'I hate it when  he doe  that,' grumbled Ron, a  he and Harry got up from the table and made their own,  lower way out of the Great Hall. 'Would it kill her to tell u  what  he'  up to for once? It'd take her about ten more  econd  - hey, Hagrid!' Hagrid wa   tanding be ide the door  into the Entrance Hall, waiting for a crowd of Ravenclaw  to pa . He wa   till a  heavily brui ed a  he had been on the day he had come back from hi  mi ion to the giant  and there wa  a new cut right acro  the bridge of hi  no e. 'All righ', you two?' he  aid, trying to mu ter a  mile but managing only a kind of pained grimace. 'Are you OK, Hagrid?' a ked Harry, following him a  he lumbered after the Ravenclaw . 'Fine, fine,'  aid Hagrid with a feeble a umption of airine ; he waved a hand and narrowly mi ed concu ing a frightened-looking Profe or Vector, who wa  pa ing. 'Ju ' bu y, yeh know, u ual  tuff - le on  ter prepare - couple o'  alamander  got  cale rot - an' I'm on probation,' he mumbled. 'You're on probation?'  aid Ron very loudly,  o that many of the pa ing  tudent  looked around curiou ly. 'Sorry - I mean - you're on probation?' he whi pered. 'Yeah,'  aid Hagrid. "S'no more'n I expected, ter tell yeh the truth. Yeh migh' not've picked up on it, bu' that in pection didn' go too well, yeh know… anyway,' he  ighed deeply. 'Be ' go an' rub a bit more chilli powder on them  alamander  or their tail 'll be hangin' off 'em next. See yeh, Harry… Ron…' He trudged away, out of the front door  and down the  tone  tep  into the damp ground . Harry watched him go, wondering how much more bad new  he could  tand. * The fact that Hagrid wa  now on probation became common knowledge within the  chool over the next few day , but to Harry'  indignation, hardly anybody appeared to be up et about it; indeed,  ome people, Draco Malfoy prominent among them,  eemed po itively gleeful. A  for the freaki h death of an ob cure Department of My terie  employee in St Mungo' , Harry, Ron and Hermione  eemed to be the only people who knew or cared. There wa  only one topic of conver ation in the corridor  now: the ten e caped Death Eater , who e  tory had finally filtered through the  chool from tho e few people who read the new paper . Rumour  were flying that  ome of the convict  had been  potted in Hog meade, that they were  uppo ed to be hiding out in the Shrieking Shack and that they were going to break into Hogwart , ju t a  Siriu  Black had once done. Tho e who came from wizarding familie  had grown up hearing the name  of the e Death Eater   poken with almo t a  much fear a  Voldemort ; the crime  they had committed during the day  of Voldemort'  reign of terror were legendary. There were relative  of their victim  among the Hogwart   tudent , who now found them elve  the unwilling object  of a grue ome  ort of reflected fame a  they walked the corridor : Su an Bone , who e uncle, aunt and cou in  had all died at the hand  of one of the ten,  aid mi erably during Herbology that  he now had a good idea what it felt like to be Harry. 'And I don't know how you  tand it - it'  horrible,'  he  aid bluntly, dumping far too much dragon manure on her tray of Screech nap  eedling , cau ing them to wriggle and  queak in di comfort. It wa  true that Harry wa  the  ubject of much renewed muttering and pointing in the corridor  the e day , yet he thought he detected a  light difference in the tone of the whi perer ' voice . They  ounded curiou  rather than ho tile now, and once or twice he wa   ure he overheard  natche  of conver ation that  ugge ted that the  peaker  were not  ati fied with the Prophet  ver ion of how and why ten Death Eater  had managed to break out of the Azkaban fortre . In their confu ion and fear, the e doubter  now  eemed to be turning to the only other explanation available to them: the one that Harry and Dumbledore had been expounding  ince the previou  year. It wa  not only the  tudent ' mood that had changed. It wa  now quite common to come acro  two or three teacher  conver ing in low, urgent whi per  in the corridor , breaking off their conver ation  the moment they  aw  tudent  approaching. They obviou ly can't talk freely in the  taff room any more,'  aid Hermione in a low voice, a   he, Harry and Ron pa ed Profe or  McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout huddled together out ide the Charm  cla room one day. 'Not with Umbridge there.' 'Reckon they know anything new?'  aid Ron, gazing back over hi   houlder at the three teacher . 'If they do, we're not going to hear about it, are we?'  aid Harry angrily. 'Not after Decree… what number are we on now?' For new notice  had appeared on the hou e noticeboard  the morning after new  of the Azkaban breakout: ^ BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS ^ Teacher  are hereby banned from giving  tudent  any information •" that i  not  trictly related to the  ubject  they are paid to teach. The above i  in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty- ix. Signed: Dolore  jane Umbridge, High Inqui itor Thi  late t Decree had been the  ubject of a great number of joke  among the  tudent . Lee Jordan had pointed out to Umbridge that by the term  of the new rule  he wa  not allowed to tell Fred and George off for playing Exploding Snap in the back of the cla . 'Exploding Snap'  got nothing to do with Defence Again t the Dark Art , Profe or! That'  not information relating to your  ubject!' When Harry next  aw Lee, the back of hi  hand wa  bleeding rather badly. Harry recommended e ence of Murtlap. Harry had thought the breakout from Azkaban might have humbled Umbridge a little, that  he might have been aba hed at the cata trophe that had occurred right under the no e of her beloved Fudge. It  eemed, however, to have only inten ified her furiou  de ire to bring every a pect of life at Hogwart  under her per onal control. She  eemed determined at the very lea t to achieve a  acking before long, and the only que tion wa  whether it would be Profe or Trelawney or Hagrid who went fir t. Every  ingle Divination and Care of Magical Creature  le on wa  now conducted in the pre ence of Umbridge and her clipboard. She lurked by the fire in the heavily perfumed tower room, interrupting Profe or Trelawney'  increa ingly hy terical talk  with difficult que tion  about ornithomancy and heptomology, in i ting that  he predicted  tudent ' an wer  before they gave them and demanding that  he demon trate her  kill at the cry tal ball, the tea leave  and the rune  tone  in turn. Harry thought Profe or Trelawney might  oon crack under the  train. Several time  he pa ed her in the corridor  - in it elf a very unu ual occurrence a   he generally remained in her tower room - muttering wildly to her elf, wringing her hand  and  hooting terrified glance  over her  houlder, and all the while giving off a powerful  mell of cooking  herry. If he had not been  o worried about Hagrid, he would have felt  orry for her - but if one of them wa  to be ou ted from their job, there could be only one choice for Harry a  to who  hould remain. Unfortunately, Harry could not  ee that Hagrid wa  putting up a better  how than Trelawney. Though he  eemed to be following Hermione'  advice and had  hown them nothing more frightening than a Crup — a creature indi tingui hable from a Jack Ru ell terrier except for it  forked tail -  ince before Chri tma , he too  eemed to have lo t hi  nerve. He wa  oddly di tracted and jumpy during le on , lo ing the thread of what he wa   aying to the cla , an wering que tion  wrongly, and all the time glancing anxiou ly at Umbridge. He wa  al o more di tant with Harry, Ron and Hermione than he had ever been before, and had expre ly forbidden them to vi it him after dark. 'If  he catche  yeh, it'll be all of our neck  on the line,' he told them flatly, and with no de ire to do anything that might jeopardi e hi  job further they ab tained from walking down to hi  hut in the evening . It  eemed to Harry that Umbridge wa   teadily depriving him of everything that made hi  life at Hogwart  worth living: vi it  to Hagrid'  hou e, letter  from Siriu , hi  Firebolt and Quidditch. He took hi  revenge the only way he could - by redoubling hi  effort  for the DA. Harry wa  plea ed to  ee that all of them, even Zacharia  Smith, had been  purred on to work harder than ever by the new  that ten more Death Eater  were now on the loo e, but in nobody wa  thi  improvement more pronounced than in Neville. The new  of hi  parent ' attacker ' e cape had wrought a  trange and even  lightly alarming change in him. He had not once mentioned hi  meeting with Harry, Ron and Hermione on the clo ed ward in St Mungo'  and, taking their lead from him, they had kept quiet about it too. Nor had he  aid anything on the  ubject of Bellatrix and her fellow torturer ' e cape. In fact, Neville barely  poke during the DA meeting  any more, but worked relentle ly on every new jinx and counter-cur e Harry taught them, hi  plump face  crewed up in concentration, apparently indifferent to injurie  or accident  and working harder than anyone el e in the room. He wa  improving  o fa t it wa  quite unnerving and when Harry taught them the Shield Charm - a mean  of deflecting minor jinxe   o that they rebounded upon the attacker - only Hermione ma tered the charm fa ter than Neville. Harry would have given a great deal to be making a  much progre  at Occlumency a  Neville wa  making during the DA meeting . Harry'   e ion  with Snape, which had  tarted badly enough, were not improving. On the contrary Harry felt he wa  getting wor e with every le on. Before he had  tarted  tudying Occlumency, hi   car had prickled occa ionally, u ually during the night, or el e following one of tho e  trange fla he  of Voldemort'  thought  or mood that he experienced every now and then. Nowaday , however, hi   car hardly ever  topped prickling, and he often felt lurche  of annoyance or cheerfulne  that were unrelated to what wa  happening to him at the time, which were alway  accompanied by a particularly painful twinge from hi   car. He had the horrible impre ion that he wa   lowly turning into a kind of aerial that wa  tuned in to tiny fluctuation  in Voldemort  mood, and he wa   ure he could date thi  increa ed  en itivity firmly from hi  fir t Occlumency le on with Snape. What wa  more, he wa  now dreaming about walking down the corridor toward  the entrance to the Department of My terie  almo t every night, dream  which alway  culminated in him  tanding longingly in front of the plain black door. 'Maybe it'  a bit like an illne ,'  aid Hermione, looking concerned when Harry confided in her and Ron. 'A fever or  omething. It ha  to get wor e before it get  better.' The le on  with Snape are making it wor e,'  aid Harry flatly. 'I'm getting  ick of my  car hurting and I'm getting bored with walking down that corridor every night.' He rubbed hi  forehead angrily. 'I ju t wi h the door would open, I'm  ick of  tanding  taring at it -' That'  not funny,'  aid Hermione  harply. 'Dumbledore doe n't want you to have dream  about that corridor at all, or he wouldn't have a ked Snape to teach you Occlumency. You're ju t going to have to work a bit harder in your le on .' 'I am working!'  aid Harry nettled. 'You try it  ome time - Snape trying to get in ide your head - it'  not a bundle of laugh , you know!' 'Maybe…'  aid Ron  lowly. 'Maybe what?'  aid Hermione, rather  nappi hly. 'Maybe it'  not Harry'  fault he can't clo e hi  mind,'  aid Ron darkly. 'What do you mean?'  aid Hermione. 'Well, maybe Snape i n't really trying to help Harry…' Harry and Hermione  tared at him. Ron looked darkly and meaningfully from one to the other. 'Maybe,' he  aid again, in a lower voice, 'he'  actually trying to open Harry'  mind a bit wider… make it ea ier for You-Know—' 'Shut up, Ron,'  aid Hermione angrily. 'How many time  have you  u pected Snape, and when have you ever been right? Dumbledore tru t  him, he work  for the Order, that ought to be enough.' 'He u ed to be a Death Eater,'  aid Ron  tubbornly. 'And we've never  een proof that he really  wapped  ide .' 'Dumbledore tru t  him,' Hermione repeated. 'And if we can't tru t Dumbledore, we can't tru t anyone.' * With  o much to worry about and  o much to do -  tartling amount  of homework that frequently kept the fifth-year  working until pa t midnight,  ecret DA  e ion  and regular cla e  with Snape -January  eemed to be pa ing alarmingly fa t. Before Harry knew it, February had arrived, bringing with it wetter and warmer weather and the pro pect of the  econd Hog meade vi it of the year. Harry had had very little time to  pare for conver ation  with Cho  ince they had agreed to vi it the village together, but  uddenly found him elf facing a Valentine'  Day  pent entirely in her company. On the morning of the fourteenth he dre ed particularly carefully. He and Ron arrived at breakfa t ju t in time for the arrival of the po t owl . Hedwig wa  not there - not that Harry had expected her - but Hermione wa  tugging a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl a  they  at down. 'And about time! If it hadn't come today…'  he  aid, eagerly tearing open the envelope and pulling out a  mall piece of parchment. Her eye   ped from left to right a   he read through the me age and a grimly plea ed expre ion  pread acro  her face. 'Li ten, Harry,'  he  aid, looking up at him, 'thi  i  really important. Do you think you could meet me in the Three Broom tick  around midday?' 'Well… I dunno,'  aid Harry uncertainly. 'Cho might be expecting me to  pend the whole day with her. We never  aid what we were going to do.' 'Well, bring her along if you mu t,'  aid Hermione urgently. 'But will you come?' 'Well… all right, but why?' 'I haven't got time to tell you now, I've got to an wer thi  quickly.' And  he hurried out of the Great Hall, the letter clutched in one hand and a piece of toa t in the other. 'Are you coming?' Harry a ked Ron, but he  hook hi  head, looking glum. 'I can't come into Hog meade at all; Angelina want  a full day'  training. Like it'  going to help; we're the wor t team I've ever  een. You  hould  ee Sloper and Kirke, they're pathetic, even wor e than I am.' He heaved a great  igh. 'I dunno why Angelina won't ju t let me re ign.' 'It'  becau e you're good when you're on form, that'  why,'  aid Harry irritably. He found it very hard to be  ympathetic to Ron'  plight, when he him elf would have given almo t anything to be playing in the forthcoming match again t Hufflepuff. Ron  eemed to have noticed Harry  tone, becau e he did not mention Quidditch again during breakfa t, and there wa  a  light fro tine  in the way they  aid goodbye to each other  hortly afterward . Ron departed for the Quidditch pitch and Harry, after attempting to flatten hi  hair while  taring at hi  reflection in the back of a tea poon, proceeded alone to the Entrance Hall to meet Cho, feeling very apprehen ive and wondering what on earth they were going to talk about. She wa  waiting for him a little to the  ide of the oak front door , looking very pretty with her hair tied back in a long pony-tail. Harry'  feet  eemed to be too big for hi  body a  he walked toward  her and he wa   uddenly horribly aware of hi  arm  and how  tupid they mu t look  winging at hi   ide . 'Hi,'  aid Cho  lightly breathle ly. 'Hi,'  aid Harry. They  tared at each other for a moment, then Harry  aid, 'Well - er —  hall we go, then?' 'Oh - ye …' They joined the queue of people being  igned out by Filch, occa ionally catching each other'  eye and grinning  hiftily, but not talking to each other. Harry wa  relieved when they reached the fre h air, finding it ea ier to walk along in  ilence than ju t  tand about looking awkward. It wa  a fre h, breezy  ort of a day and a  they pa ed the Quidditch  tadium Harry glimp ed Ron and Ginny  kimming along over the  tand  and felt a horrible pang that he wa  not up there with them. 'You really mi  it, don't you?'  aid Cho. He looked round and  aw her watching him. 'Yeah,'  ighed Harry. 'I do.' 'Remember the fir t time we played again t each other, in the third year?'  he a ked him. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, grinning. 'You kept blocking me.' 'And Wood told you not to be a gentleman and knock me off my broom if you had to,'  aid Cho,  miling remini cently. '1 heard he got taken on by Pride of Portree, i  that right?' 'Nah, it wa  Puddlemere United; I  aw him at the World Cup la t year.' 'Oh, I  aw you there, too, remember? We were on the  ame camp ite. It wa  really good, wa n't it?' The  ubject of the Quidditch World Cup carried them all the way down the drive and out through the gate . Harry could hardly believe how ea y it wa  to talk to her - no more difficult, in fact, than talking to Ron and Hermione - and he wa  ju t  tarting to feel confident and cheerful when a large gang of Slytherin girl  pa ed them, including Pan y Parkin on. 'Potter and Chang!'  creeched Pan y, to a choru  of  nide giggle . 'Urgh, Chang, I don't think much of your ta te… at lea t Diggory wa  good-looking!' The girl   ped up, talking and  hrieking in a pointed fa hion with many exaggerated glance  back at Harry and Cho, leaving an embarra ed  ilence in their wake. Harry could think of nothing el e to  ay about Quidditch, and Cho,  lightly flu hed, wa  watching her feet. 'So… where d'you want to go?' Harry a ked a  they entered Hog meade. The High Street wa  full of  tudent  ambling up and down, peering into the  hop window  and me ing about together on the pavement . 'Oh… I don't mind,'  aid Cho,  hrugging. 'Urn…  hall we ju t have a look in the  hop  or  omething?' They wandered toward  Dervi h and Bange . A large po ter had been  tuck up in the window and a few Hog meader  were looking at it. They moved a ide when Harry and Cho approached and Harry found him elf  taring once more at the picture  of the ten e caped Death Eater . The po ter, 'By Order of the Mini try of Magic', offered a thou and-Galleon reward to any witch or wizard with information leading to the recapture of any of the convict  pictured. Tt'  funny, i n't it,'  aid Cho in a low voice, gazing up at the picture  of the Death Eater , 'remember when that Siriu  Black e caped, and there were Dementor  all over Hog meade looking for him? And now ten Death Eater  are on the loo e and there are no Dementor  anywhere…' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, tearing hi  eye  away from Bellatrix Le trange'  face to glance up and down the High Street. 'Yeah, that i  weird.' He wa n't  orry that there were no Dementor  nearby, but now he came to think of it, their ab ence wa  highly  ignificant. They had not only let the Death Eater  e cape, they weren't bothering to look for them… it looked a  though they really were out ide Mini try control now. The ten e caped Death Eater  were  taring out of every  hop window he and Cho pa ed. It  tarted to rain a  they pa ed Scriven haft' ; cold, heavy drop  of water kept hitting Harry'  face and the back of hi  neck. 'Urn… d'you want to get a coffee?'  aid Cho tentatively, a  the rain began to fall more heavily. 'Yeah, all right,'  aid Harry, looking around. 'Where?' 'Oh, there'  a really nice place ju t up here; haven't you ever been to Madam Puddifoot' ?'  he  aid brightly, leading him up a  ide road and into a  mall tea hop that Harry had never noticed before. It wa  a cramped,  teamy little place where everything  eemed to have been decorated with frill  or bow . Harry wa  reminded unplea antly of Umbridge'  office. 'Cute, i n't it?'  aid Cho happily. 'Er… yeah,'  aid Harry untruthfully. 'Look,  he'  decorated it for Valentine'  Day!'  aid Cho, indicating a number of golden cherub  that were hovering over each of the  mall, circular table , occa ionally throwing pink confetti over the occupant . 'Aaah…' They  at down at the la t remaining table, which wa  over by the  teamy window. Roger Davie , the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain,i wa   itting about a foot and a half away with a pretty blonde girl. They were holding hand . The  ight made Harry feel uncomfort-. able, particularly when, looking around the tea hop, he  aw that it wa  full of nothing but couple , all of them holding hand . Perhap  Cho would expect him to hold her hand. 'What can I get you, m'dear ?'  aid Madam Puddifoot, a very  tout woman with a  hiny black bun,  queezing between their table and Roger Davie '  with great difficulty. ' Two coffee , plea e,'  aid Cho. In the time it took for their coffee  to arrive, Roger Davie  and hi  girlfriend had  tarted ki ing over their  ugar bowl. Harry wi hed they wouldn't; he felt that Davie  wa   etting a  tandard with which Cho would  oon expect him to compete. He felt hi  face growing hot and tried  taring out of the window, but it wa   o  teamed up he couldn't  ee the  treet out ide. To po tpone the moment when he would have to look at Cho, he  tared up at the ceiling a  though examining the paintwork and received a handful of confetti in the face from their hovering cherub. After a few more painful minute , Cho mentioned Umbridge. Harry  eized on the  ubject with relief and they pa ed a few happy moment  abu ing her, but the  ubject had already been  o thoroughly canva ed during DA meeting  it did not la t very long. Silence fell again. Harry wa  very con ciou  of the  lurping noi e  coming from the table next door and ca t wildly around for  omething el e to  ay. 'Er… li ten, d'you want to come with me to the Three Broom tick  at lunchtime? I'm meeting Hermione Granger there.' Cho rai ed her eyebrow . 'You're meeting Hermione Granger? Today?' 'Yeah. Well,  he a ked me to,  o I thought I would. D'you want to come with me? She  aid it wouldn't matter if you did.' 'Oh… well… that wa  nice of her.' But Cho did not  ound a  though  he thought it wa  nice at all. On the contrary, her tone wa  cold and all of a  udden  he looked rather forbidding. A few more minute  pa ed in total  ilence, Harry drinking hi  coffee  o fa t that he would  oon need a fre h cup. Be ide them, Roger Davie  and hi  girlfriend  eemed glued together at the lip . Cho'  hand wa  lying on the table be ide her coffee and Harry wa  feeling a mounting pre ure to take hold of it. Ju t do it, he told him elf, a  a fount of mingled panic and excitement  urged up in ide hi  che t, ju t reach out and grab it. Amazing, how much more difficult it wa  to extend hi  arm twelve inche  and touch her hand than it wa  to  natch a  peeding Snitch from midair… But ju t a  he moved hi  hand forward , Cho took her  off the table. She wa  now watching Roger Davie  ki ing hi  girlfriend with a mildly intere ted expre ion. 'He a ked me out, you know,'  he  aid in a quiet voice. 'A couple of week  ago. Roger. I turned him down, though.' Harry, who had grabbed the  ugar bowl to excu e hi   udden lunging movement acro  the table, could not think why  he wa  telling him thi . If  he wi hed  he were  itting at the next table being heartily ki ed by Roger Davie , why had  he agreed to come out with him? He  aid nothing. Their cherub threw another handful of confetti over them;  ome of it landed in the la t cold dreg  of coffee Harry had been about to drink. 'I came in here with Cedric la t year,'  aid Cho. In the  econd or  o it took for him to take in what  he had  aid, Harry'  in ide  had become glacial. He could not believe  he wanted to talk about Cedric now, while ki ing couple   urrounded them and a cherub floated over their head . Cho'  voice wa  rather higher when  he  poke again. 'I've been meaning to a k you for age … did Cedric - did he - in - in - mention me at all before he died?' Thi  wa  the very la t  ubject on earth Harry wanted to di cu , and lea t of all with Cho. 'Well - no -' he  aid quietly. There - there wa n't time for him to  ay anything. Erm…  o… d'you… d'you get to  ee a lot of Quidditch in the holiday ? You  upport the Tornado , right?' Hi  voice  ounded fal ely bright and cheery. To hi  horror, he  aw that her eye  were  wimming with tear  again, ju t a  they had been after the la t DA meeting before Chri tma . 'Look,' he  aid de perately, leaning in  o that nobody el e could overhear, 'let'  not talk about Cedric right now… let'  talk about  omething el e But thi , apparently, wa  quite the wrong thing to  ay. 'I thought,'  he  aid, tear   pattering down on to the table, 'I thought you'd u - u - under tand! I need to talk about it! Surely you n - need to talk about it't - too! I mean, you  aw it happen, d - didn't you?' Everything wa  going nightmari hly wrong; Roger Davie '  girlfriend had even unglued her elf to look round at Cho crying. 'Well - I have talked about it,' Harry  aid in a whi per, 'to Ron and Hermione, but -' 'Oh, you'll talk to Hermione Granger!'  he  aid  hrilly, her face now  hining with tear . Several more ki ing couple  broke apart to  tare. 'But you won't talk to me! P - perhap  it would be be t if we ju t… ju t p - paid and you went and met up with Hermione G - Granger, like you obviou ly want to!' Harry  tared at her, utterly bewildered, a   he  eized a frilly napkin and dabbed at her  hining face with it. 'Cho?' he  aid weakly, wi hing Roger would  eize hi  girlfriend and  tart ki ing her again to  top her goggling at him and Cho. 'Go on, leave!'  he  aid, now crying into the napkin. '1 don't know why you a ked me out in the fir t place if you're going to make arrangement  to meet other girl  right after me… how many are you meeting after Hermione?' 'It'  not like that!'  aid Harry, and he wa   o relieved at finally under tanding what  he wa  annoyed about that he laughed, which he reali ed a  plit  econd too late wa  al o a mi take. Cho  prang to her feet. The whole tearoom wa  quiet and everybody wa  watching them now. Til  ee you around, Harry'  he  aid dramatically, and hiccoughing  lightly  he da hed to the door, wrenched it open and hurried off into the pouring rain. 'Cho!' Harry called after her, but the door had already  wung  hut behind her with a tuneful tinkle. There wa  total  ilence within the tea hop. Every eye wa  on Harry. He threw a Galleon down on to the table,  hook pink confetti out of hi  hair, and followed Cho out of the door. It wa  raining hard now and  he wa  nowhere to be  een. He  imply did not under tand what had happened; half an hour ago they had been getting along fine. 'Women!' he muttered angrily,  lo hing down the rain-wa hed  treet with hi  hand  in hi  pocket . 'What did  he want to talk about Cedric for, anyway? Why doe   he alway  want to drag up a  ubject that make  her act like a human ho epipe?' He turned right and broke into a  pla hy run, and within minute  he wa  turning into the doorway of the Three Broom tick . He knew he wa  too early to meet Hermione, but he thought it likely there would be  omeone in here with whom he could  pend the intervening time. He  hook hi  wet hair out of hi  eye  and looked around. Hagrid wa   itting alone in a corner, looking moro e. 'Hi, Hagrid!' he  aid, when he had  queezed through the crammed table  and pulled up a chair be ide him. Hagrid jumped and looked down at Harry a  though he barely recogni ed him. Harry  aw that he had two fre h cut  on hi  face and  everal new brui e . 'Oh, it'  yeh, Harry,'  aid Hagrid. 'Yeh all righT 'Yeah, I'm fine,' lied Harry; but, next to thi  battered and mournful-looking Hagrid, he felt he didn't really have much to complain about. 'Er - are you OK?' 'Me?'  aid Hagrid. 'Oh yeah, I'm grand, Harry, grand.' He gazed into the depth  of hi  pewter tankard, which wa  the  ize of a large bucket, and  ighed. Harry didn't know what to  ay to him. They  at  ide by  ide in  ilence for a moment. Then Hagrid  aid abruptly, 'In the  ame boat, yeh an' me, aren' we, 'Arry?' 'Er -'  aid Harry. 'Yeah… I've  aid it before… both out ider , like,'  aid Hagrid, nodding wi ely. 'An' both orphan . Yeah… both orphan .' He took a great  wig from hi  tankard. 'Make  a diff'rence, havin' a decent family,' he  aid. 'Me dad wa  decent. An' your mum an' dad were decent. If they'd lived, life woulda bin diff'rent, eh?' 'Yeah… I' 'po e,'  aid Harry cautiou ly. Hagrid  eemed to be in a very  trange mood. 'Family,'  aid Hagrid gloomily. 'Whatever yeh  ay, blood'  important…' And he wiped a trickle of it out of hi  eye. 'Hagrid,'  aid Harry, unable to  top him elf, 'where are you getting all the e injurie ?' 'Eh?'  aid Hagrid, looking  tartled. 'Wha' injurie ?' 'All tho e!'  aid Harry, pointing at Hagrid'  face. 'Oh… tha'  ju ' normal bump  an' brui e , Harry,'  aid Hagrid di mi ively, '1 got a rough job.' He drained hi  tankard,  et it back on the table and got to hi  feet. Til be  eein' yeh, Harry… take care now.' And he lumbered out of the pub looking wretched, and di appeared into the torrential rain. Harry watched him go, feeling mi erable. Hagrid wa  unhappy and he wa  hiding  omething, but he  eemed determined not to accept help. What wa  going on? But before Harry could think about it any further, he heard a voice calling hi  name. 'Harry! Harry, over here!' Hermione wa  waving at him from the other  ide of the room. He got up and made hi  way toward  her through the crowded pub. He wa   till a few table  away when he reali ed that Hermione wa  not alone. She wa   itting at a table with the unlikelie t pair of drinking mate  he could ever have imagined: Luna Lovegood and none other than Rita Skeeter, ex-journali t on the Daily Prophet and one of Hermione'  lea t favourite people in the world. 'You're early!'  aid Hermione, moving along to give him room to  it down. 'I thought you were with Cho, I wa n't expecting you for another hour at lea t!' 'Cho?'  aid Rita at once, twi ting round in her  eat to  tare avidly at Harry. 'A girl?' She  natched up her crocodile- kin handbag and groped within it. 'It'  none of your bu ine  if Harry'  been with a hundred girl ,' Hermione told Rita coolly. 'So you can put that away right now.' Rita had been on the point of withdrawing an acid-green quill from her bag. Looking a  though  he had been forced to  wallow Stink ap,  he  napped her bag  hut again. 'What are you up to?' Harry a ked,  itting down and  taring from Rita to Luna to Hermione. 'Little Mi  Perfect wa  ju t about to tell me when you arrived,'  aid Rita, taking a large  lurp of her drink. 'I  uppo e I'm allowed to talk to him, am 1?'  he  hot at Hermione. 'Ye , I  uppo e you are,'  aid Hermione coldly. Unemployment did not  uit Rita. The hair that had once been  et in elaborate curl  now hung lank and unkempt around her face. The  carlet paint on her two-inch talon  wa  chipped and there were a couple of fal e jewel  mi ing from her winged gla e . She took another great gulp of her drink and  aid out of the corner of her mouth, 'Pretty girl, i   he, Harry?' 'One more word about Harry'  love life and the deal'  off and that'  a promi e,'  aid Hermione irritably. 'What deal?'  aid Rita, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand. 'You haven't mentioned a deal yet, Mi  Pri y, you ju t told me to turn up. Oh, one of the e day …" She took a deep  huddering breath. 'Ye , ye , one of the e day  you'll write more horrible  torie  about Harry and me,'  aid Hermione indifferently. 'Find  omeone who care , why don't you?' They've run plenty of horrible  torie  about Harry thi  year without my help,'  aid Rita,  hooting a  ideway  look at him over the top of her gla  and adding in a rough whi per, 'How ha  that made you feel, Harry? Betrayed? Di traught? Mi under tood?' 'He feel  angry, of cour e,'  aid Hermione in a hard, clear voice. 'Becau e he'  told the Mini ter for Magic the truth and the Mini ter'  too much of an idiot to believe him.' 'So you actually  tick to it, do you, that He Who Mu t Not Be Named i  back?'  aid Rita, lowering her gla  and  ubjecting Harry to a piercing  tare while her finger  trayed longingly to the cla p of the crocodile bag. 'You  tand by all thi  garbage Dumbledore'  been telling everybody about You-Know-Who returning and you being the  ole witne ?' 'I wa n't the  ole witne ,'  narled Harry. There were a dozen-odd Death Eater  there a  well. Want their name ?' 'I'd love them,' breathed Rita, now fumbling in her bag once more and gazing at him a  though he wa  the mo t beautiful thing  he had ever  een. 'A great bold headline: “Potter Accu e …” A  ub-heading, “Harry Potter Name  Death Eater  Still Among U ”. And then, beneath a nice big photograph of you, “Di turbed teenage  urvivor of You-Know-Who'  attack, Harry Potter, 15, cau ed outrage ye terday by accu ing re pectable and prominent member  oj the wizarding community oj being Death Eater  …”' The Quick-Quote  Quill wa  actually in her hand and halfway to her mouth when the rapturou  expre ion on her face died. 'But of cour e,'  he  aid, lowering the quill and looking dagger  at Hermione, 'Little Mi  Perfect wouldn't want that  tory out there, would  he?' 'A  a matter of fact,'  aid Hermione  weetly, 'that'  exactly what Little Mi  Perfect doe  want.' Rita  tared at her. So did Harry. Luna, on the other hand,  ang 'Wea ley i  our King' dreamily under her breath and  tirred her drink with a cocktail onion on a  tick. 'You want me to report what he  ay  about He Who Mu t Not Be Named?' Rita a ked Hermione in a hu hed voice. 'Ye , I do,'  aid Hermione. The true  tory. All the fact . Exactly a  Harry report  them. He'll give you all the detail , he'll tell you the name  of the undi covered Death Eater  he  aw there, he'll tell you what Voldemort look  like now - oh, get a grip on your elf,'  he added contemptuou ly, throwing a napkin acro  the table, for, at the  ound of Voldemort'  name, Rita had jumped  o badly  he had  lopped half her gla  of Firewhi ky down her elf. Rita blotted the front of her grubby raincoat,  till  taring at Hermione. Then  he  aid baldly, The Prophet wouldn't print it. In ca e you haven't noticed, nobody believe  hi  cock-and-bull  tory. Everyone think  he'  delu ional. Now, if you let me write the  tory from that angle -' 'We don't need another  tory about how Harry'  lo t hi  marble !'  aid Hermione angrily. We've had plenty of tho e already, thank you! I want him given the opportunity to tell the truth!' There'  no market for a  tory like that,'  aid Rita coldly. 'You mean the Prophet won't print it becau e Fudge won't let them,'  aid Hermione irritably. Rita gave Hermione a long, hard look. Then, leaning forward  acro  the table toward  her,  he  aid in a bu ine like tone, 'All right, Fudge i  leaning on the Prophet, but it come  to the  ame thing. They won't print a  tory that  how  Harry in a good light. Nobody want  to read it. It'  again t the public mood. Thi  la t Azkaban breakout ha  got people quite worried enough. People ju t don't want to believe You-Know-Who  back.' 'So the Daily Prophet exi t  to tell people what they want to hear, doe  it?'  aid Hermione  cathingly. Rita  at up  traight again, her eyebrow  rai ed, and drained her gla  of Firewhi ky. The Prophet exi t  to  ell it elf, you  illy girl,'  he  aid coldly. 'My dad think  it'  an awful paper,'  aid Luna, chipping into the conver ation unexpectedly. Sucking on her cocktail onion,  he gazed at Rita with her enormou , protuberant,  lightly mad eye . 'He publi he  important  torie  he think  the public need  to know. He doe n't care about making money.' Rita looked di paragingly at Luna. 'I'm gue ing your father run   ome  tupid little village new letter?'  he  aid. 'Probably, Twenty-Jive Way  to Mingle With Muggle  and the date  of the next Bring and Fly Sale?' 'No,'  aid Luna, dipping her onion back into her Gillywater, 'he'  the editor of The Quibbler.' Rita  norted  o loudly that people at a nearby table looked round in alarm. '“Important  torie  he think  the public need  to know”, eh?'  he  aid witheringly. 'I could manure my garden with the content  of that rag.' 'Well, thi  i  your chance to rai e the tone of it a bit, i n't it?'  aid Hermione plea antly. 'Luna  ay  her father'  quite happy to take Harry'  interview. That'  who'll be publi hing it.' Rita  tared at them both for a moment, then let out a great whoop of laughter. 'The Quibbler!'  he  aid, cackling. 'You think people will take him  eriou ly if he'  publi hed in The QuibblerT 'Some people won't,'  aid Hermione in a level voice. 'But the Daily Prophet'  ver ion of the Azkaban breakout had  ome gaping hole  in it. I think a lot of people will be wondering whether there i n't a better explanation of what happened, and if there'  an alternative  tory available, even if it i  publi hed in a -'  he glanced  ideway  at Luna, 'in a - well, an unu ual magazine - I think they might be rather keen to read it.' Rita didn't  ay anything for a while, but eyed Hermione  hrewdly, her head a little to one  ide. 'All right, let'   ay for a moment I'll do it,'  he  aid abruptly. 'What kind of fee am I going to get?' 'I don't think Daddy exactly pay  people to write for the magazine,'  aid Luna dreamily. They do it becau e it'  an honour and, of cour e, to  ee their name  in print.' Rita Skeeter looked a  though the ta te of Stink ap wa   trong in her mouth again a   he rounded on Hermione. 'I'm  uppo ed to do thi /or/ree?' 'Well, ye ,'  aid Hermione calmly, taking a  ip of her drink. 'Otherwi e, a  you very well know, I will inform the authoritie  that you are an unregi tered Animagu . Of cour e, the Prophet might give you rather a lot for an in ider'  account of life in Azkaban.' Rita looked a  though  he would have liked nothing better than to  eize the paper umbrella  ticking out of Hermione'  drink and thru t it up her no e. 'I don't  uppo e I've got any choice, have I?'  aid Rita, her voice  haking  lightly. She opened her crocodile bag once more, withdrew a piece of parchment, and rai ed her Quick-Quote  Quill. 'Daddy will be plea ed,'  aid Luna brightly. A mu cle twitched in Rita'  jaw. 'OK, Harry?'  aid Hermione, turning to him. 'Ready to tell the public the truth?' 'I  uppo e,'  aid Harry, watching Rita balancing the Quick-Quote  Quill at the ready on the parchment between them. Tire away, then, Rita,'  aid Hermione  erenely, fi hing a cherry out from the bottom of her gla . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 26 - Seen and Unfore een Luna  aid vaguely that  he did not know how  oon Rita'  interview with Harry would appear in The Quibbler, that her father wa  expecting a lovely long article on recent  ighting  of Crumple-Horned Snorkack ,"- and of cour e, that'll be a very important  tory,  o Harry  might have to wait for the following i ue,'  aid Luna. Harry had not found it an ea y experience to talk about the night when Voldemort had returned. Rita had pre ed him for every little detail and he had given her everything he could remember, knowing that thi  wa  hi  one big opportunity to tell the world the truth. He wondered how people would react to the  tory. He gue ed that it would confirm a lot of people in the view that he wa  completely in ane, not lea t becau e hi   tory would be appearing along ide utter rubbi h about Crumple-Horned Snorkack . But the breakout of Bellatrix Le trange and her fellow Death Eater  had given Harry a burning de ire to do  omething, whether or not it worked… 'Can't wait to  ee what Umbridge think  of you going public,'  aid Dean,  ounding awe truck at dinner on Monday night. Seamu  wa   hovelling down large amount  of chicken and ham pie on Dean'  other  ide, but Harry knew he wa  li tening. 'It'  the right thing to do, Harry,'  aid Neville, who wa   itting oppo ite him. He wa  rather pale, but went on in a low voice, 'It mu t have been… tough… talking about it… wa  it?' 'Yeah,' mumbled Harry, 'but people have got to know what Voldemort  capable of, haven't they?' 'That'  right,'  aid Neville, nodding, 'and hi  Death Eater , too… people  hould know…' Neville left hi   entence hanging and returned to hi  baked potato. Seamu  looked up, but when he caught Harry  eye he looked quickly back at hi  plate again. After a while, Dean, Seamu  and Neville departed for the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the table waiting for Ron, who had not yet had dinner becau e of Quidditch practice. Cho Chang walked into the Hall with her friend Marietta. Harry'   tomach gave an unplea ant lurch, but  he did not look over at the Gryffindor table, and  at down with her back to him. 'Oh, I forgot to a k you,'  aid Hermione brightly, glancing over at the Ravenclaw table, 'what happened on your date with Cho? How come you were back  o early?' 'Er… well, it wa …'  aid Harry, pulling a di h of rhubarb crumble toward  him and helping him elf to  econd , 'a complete fia co, now you mention it.' And he told her what had happened in Madam Puddifoot'  tea hop. '…  o then,' he fini hed  everal minute  later, a  the final bit of crumble di appeared, ' he jump  up, right, and  ay , “I'll  ee you around, Harry,” and run  out of the place!' He put down hi   poon and looked at Hermione. '1 mean, what wa  all that about? What wa  going on?' Hermione glanced over at the back of Cho'  head and  ighed. 'Oh, Harry'  he  aid  adly. 'Well, I'm  orry, but you were a bit tactle .' 'Me, tactle ?'  aid Harry, outraged. 'One minute we were getting on fine, next minute  he wa  telling me that Roger Davie  a ked her out and how  he u ed to go and  nog Cedric in that  tupid tea hop - how wa  I  uppo ed to feel about that?' 'Well, you  ee,'  aid Hermione, with the patient air of  omeone explaining that one plu  one equal  two to an over-emotional toddler, 'you  houldn't have told her that you wanted to meet me halfway through your date.' 'But, but,'  pluttered Harry, 'but - you told me to meet you at twelve and to bring her along, how wa  I  uppo ed to do that without telling her?' 'You  hould have told her differently,'  aid Hermione,  till with that maddeningly patient air. 'You  hould have  aid it wa  really annoying, but I'd made you promi e to come along to the Three Broom tick , and you really didn't want to go, you'd much rather  pend the whole day with her, but unfortunately you thought you really ought to meet me and would  he plea e, plea e come along with you and hopefully you'd be able to get away more quickly. And it might have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think I am, too,' Hermione added a  an afterthought. 'But I don't think you're ugly,'  aid Harry, bemu ed. Hermione laughed. 'Harry you're wor e than Ron… well, no, you're not,'  he  ighed, a  Ron him elf came  tumping into the Hall  plattered with mud and looking grumpy. 'Look - you up et Cho when you  aid you were going to meet me,  o  he tried to make you jealou . It wa  her way of trying to find out how much you liked her.' 'I  that what  he wa  doing?'  aid Harry, a  Ron dropped on to the bench oppo ite them and pulled every di h within reach toward  him. 'Well, wouldn't it have been ea ier if  he'd ju t a ked me whether I liked her better than you?' 'Girl  don't often a k que tion  like that,'  aid Hermione. 'Well, they  hould!'  aid Harry forcefully. Then I could've ju t told her I fancy her, and  he wouldn't have had to get her elf all worked up again about Cedric dying!' 'I'm not  aying what  he did wa   en ible,'  aid Hermione, a  Ginny joined them, ju t a  muddy a  Ron and looking equally di gruntled. 'I'm ju t trying to make you  ee how  he wa  feeling at the time.' 'You  hould write a book,' Ron told Hermione a  he cut up hi  potatoe , 'tran lating mad thing  girl  do  o boy  can under tand them.' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry fervently, looking over at the Ravenclaw table. Cho had ju t got up, and,  till not looking at him,  he left the Great Hall. Feeling rather depre ed, he looked back at Ron and Ginny. 'So, how wa  Quidditch practice?' 'It wa  a nightmare,'  aid Ron in a  urly voice. 'Oh come on,'  aid Hermione, looking at Ginny, 'I'm  ure it wa n't that -' 'Ye , it wa ,'  aid Ginny. 'It wa  appalling. Angelina wa  nearly in tear  by the end of it.' Ron and Ginny went off for bath  after dinner; Harry and Hermione returned to the bu y Gryffindor common room and their u ual pile of homework. Harry had been  truggling with a new  tar-chart for A tronomy for half an hour when Fred and George turned up. 'Ron and Ginny not here?' a ked Fred, looking around a  he pulled up a chair, and when Harry  hook hi  head, he  aid, 'Good. We were watching their practice. They're going to be  laughtered. They're complete rubbi h without u .' 'Come on, Ginny'  not bad,'  aid George fairly,  itting down next to Fred. 'Actually, I dunno how  he got  o good,  eeing how we never let her play with u .' 'She'  been breaking into your broom  hed in the garden  ince the age of  ix and taking each of your broom  out in turn when you weren't looking,'  aid Hermione from behind her tottering pile of Ancient Rune book . 'Oh,'  aid George, looking mildly impre ed. 'Well - that'd explain it.' 'Ha  Ron  aved a goal yet?' a ked Hermione, peering over the top of Magical Hieroglyph  and Logogram . 'Well, he can do it if he doe n't think anyone'  watching him,'  aid Fred, rolling hi  eye . 'So all we have to do i  a k the crowd to turn their back  and talk among them elve  every time the Quaffle goe  up hi  end on Saturday.' He got up again and moved re tle ly to the window,  taring out acro  the dark ground . 'You know, Quidditch wa  about the only thing in thi  place worth  taying for.' Hermione ca t him a  tern look. 'You've got exam  coming!' Told you already, we're not fu ed about NEWT ,'  aid Fred. The Snackboxe  are ready to roll, we found out how to get rid of tho e boil , ju t a couple of drop  of Murtlap e ence  ort  them, Lee put u  on to it.' George yawned widely and looked out di con olately at the cloudy night  ky. 'I dunno if I even want to watch thi  match. If Zacharia  Smith beat  u  I might have to kill my elf.' 'Kill him, more like,'  aid Fred firmly. That'  the trouble with Quidditch,'  aid Hermione ab ent-mindedly, once again bent over her Rune  tran lation, 'it create  all thi  bad feeling and ten ion between the hou e .' She looked up to find her copy of Spellman'  Syllabary, and caught Fred, George and Harry all  taring at her with expre ion  of mingled di gu t and incredulity on their face . 'Well, it doe !'  he  aid impatiently. 'It'  only a game, i n't it?' 'Hermione,'  aid Harry,  haking hi  head, 'you're good on feeling  and  tuff, but you ju t don't under tand about Quidditch.' 'Maybe not,'  he  aid darkly, returning to her tran lation, 'but at lea t my happine  doe n't depend on Ron'  goalkeeping ability.' And though Harry would rather have jumped off the A tronomy Tower than admit it to her, by the time he had watched the game the following Saturday he would have given any number of Galleon  not to care about Quidditch either. The very be t thing you could  ay about the match wa  that it wa   hort; the Gryffindor  pectator  had to endure only twenty-two minute  of agony. It wa  hard to  ay what the wor t thing wa : Harry thought it wa  a clo e-run conte t between Ron'  fourteenth failed  ave, Sloper mi ing the Bludger but hitting Angelina in the mouth with hi  bat, and Kirke  hrieking and falling backward  off hi  broom when Zacharia  Smith zoomed at him carrying the Quaffle. The miracle wa  that Gryffindor only lo t by ten point : Ginny managed to  natch the Snitch from right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerby'  no e,  o that the final  core wa  two hundred and forty ver u  two hundred and thirty. 'Good catch,' Harry told Ginny back in the common room, where the atmo phere re embled that of a particularly di mal funeral. 'I wa  lucky,'  he  hrugged. 'It wa n't a very fa t Snitch and Summerby'  got a cold, he  neezed and clo ed hi  eye  at exactly the wrong moment. Anyway, once you're back on the team -' 'Ginny, I've got a lifelong ban.' 'You're banned a  long a  Umbridge i  in the  chool,' Ginny corrected him. There'  a difference. Anyway, once you're back, I think I'll try out for Cha er. Angelina and Alicia are both leaving next year and I prefer goal- coring to Seeking anyway.' Harry looked over at Ron, who wa  hunched in a corner,  taring at hi  knee , a bottle of Butterbeer clutched in hi  hand. 'Angelina  till won't let him re ign,' Ginny  aid, a  though reading Harry'  mind. 'She  ay   he know  he'  got it in him.' Harry liked Angelina for the faith  he wa   howing in Ron, but at the  ame time thought it would really be kinder to let him leave the team. Ron had left the pitch to another booming choru  of 'Wea ley i  our King'  ung with great gu to by the Slytherin , who were now favourite  to win the Quidditch Cup. Fred and George wandered over. 'I haven't even got the heart to take the mickey out of him,'  aid Fred, looking over at Ron'  crumpled figure. 'Mind you… when he mi ed the fourteenth -' He made wild motion  with hi  arm  a  though doing an upright doggy-paddle. '- well, I'll  ave it for partie , eh?' Ron dragged him elf up to bed  hortly after thi . Out of re pect for hi  feeling , Harry waited a while before going up to the dormitory him elf,  o that Ron could pretend to be a leep if he wanted to. Sure enough, when Harry finally entered the room Ron wa   noring a little too loudly to be entirely plau ible. Harry got into bed, thinking about the match. It had been immen ely fru trating watching from the  ideline . He wa  quite impre ed by Ginny'  performance but he knew if he had been playing he could have caught the Snitch  ooner… there had been a moment when it had been fluttering near Kirke'  ankle; if Ginny hadn't he itated,  he might have been able to  crape a win for Gryffindor. Umbridge had been  itting a few row  below Harry and Hermione. Once or twice  he had turned  quatly in her  eat to look at him, her wide toad'  mouth  tretched in what he thought had been a gloating  mile. The memory of it made him feel hot with anger a  he lay there in the dark. After a few minute , however, he remembered that he wa   uppo ed to be emptying hi  mind of all emotion before he  lept, a  Snape kept in tructing him at the end of every Occlumency le on. He tried for a moment or two, but the thought of Snape on top of memorie  of Umbridge merely increa ed hi   en e of grumbling re entment and he found him elf focu ing in tead on how much he loathed the pair of them. Slowly, Ron'   nore  died away, to be replaced by the  ound of deep,  low breathing. It took Harry much longer to get to  leep; hi  body wa  tired, but it took hi  brain a long time to clo e down. He dreamed that Neville and Profe or Sprout were waltzing around the Room of Requirement while Profe or McGonagall played the bagpipe . He watched them happily for a while, then decided to go and find the other member  of the DA. But when he left the room he found him elf facing, not the tape try of Barnaba  the Barmy, but a torch burning in it  bracket on a  tone wall. He turned hi  head  lowly to the left. There, at the far end of the windowle  pa age, wa  a plain, black door. He walked toward  it with a  en e of mounting excitement. He had the  trange t feeling that thi  time he wa  going to get lucky at la t, and find the way to open it… he wa  feet from it, and  aw with a leap of excitement that there wa  a glowing  trip of faint blue light down the right-hand  ide… the door wa  ajar… he  tretched out hi  hand to pu h it wide and - Ron gave a loud, ra ping, genuine  nore and Harry awoke abruptly with hi  right hand  tretched in front of him in the darkne , to open a door that wa  hundred  of mile  away. He let it fall with a feeling of mingled di appointment and guilt. He knew he  hould not have  een the door, but at the  ame time felt  o con umed with curio ity about what wa  behind it that he could not help feeling annoyed with Ron… if only he could have  aved hi   nore for ju t another minute. * They entered the Great Hall for breakfa t at exactly the  ame moment a  the po t owl  on Monday morning. Hermione wa  not the only per on eagerly awaiting her Daily Prophet: nearly everyone wa  eager for more new  about the e caped Death Eater , who, de pite many reported  ighting , had  till not been caught. She gave the delivery owl a Knut and unfolded the new paper eagerly while Harry helped him elf to orange juice; a  he had only received one note during the entire year, he wa   ure, when the fir t owl landed with a thud in front of him, that it had made a mi take. 'Who're you after?' he a ked it, languidly removing hi  orange juice from underneath it  beak and leaning forward  to  ee the recipient'  name and addre : Harry Potter Great Hall Hogwart  School Frowning, he made to take the letter from the owl, but before he could do  o, three, four, five more owl  had fluttered down be ide it and were jockeying for po ition, treading in the butter and knocking over the  alt a  each one attempted to give him their letter fir t. 'What'  going on?' Ron a ked in amazement, a  the whole of Gryffindor table leaned forward  to watch and another  even owl  landed among t the fir t one ,  creeching, hooting and flapping their wing . 'Harry!'  aid Hermione breathle ly, plunging her hand  into the feathery ma  and pulling out a  creech owl bearing a long, cylindrical package. 'I think I know what thi  mean  - open thi  one fir t!' Harry ripped off the brown packaging. Out rolled a tightly furled copy of the March edition of The Quibbler. He unrolled it to  ee hi  own face grinning  heepi hly at him from the front cover. In large red letter  acro  thi  picture were the word : SPEAKS OUT AT LAST: THE TRUTH ABOUT HE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMED AND THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN 'It'  good, i n't it?'  aid Luna, who had drifted over to the Gryffindor table and now  queezed her elf on to the bench between Fred and Ron. 'It came out ye terday, I a ked Dad to  end you a free copy. I expect all the e,'  he waved a hand at the a embled owl   till  crabbling around on the table in front of Harry, 'are letter  from reader .' That'  what I thought,'  aid Hermione eagerly. 'Harry, d'you mind if we -?' 'Help your elf,'  aid Harry, feeling  lightly bemu ed. Ron and Hermione both  tarted ripping open envelope . Thi  one'  from a bloke who think  you're off your rocker,'  aid Ron, glancing down hi  letter. 'Ah well…' Thi  woman recommend  you try a good cour e of Shock Spell  at St Mungo' ,'  aid Hermione, looking di appointed and crumpling up a  econd. Thi  one look  OK, though,'  aid Harry  lowly,  canning a long letter from a witch in Pai ley. 'Hey,  he  ay   he believe  me!' Thi  one'  in two mind ,'  aid Fred, who had joined in the letter-opening with enthu ia m. 'Say  you don't come acro  a  a mad per on, but he really doe n't want to believe You-Know-Who'  back  o he doe n't know what to think now. Blimey, what a wa te of parchment.' 'Here'  another one you've convinced, Harry!'  aid Hermione excitedly. 'Having read your  ide of the  tory, I am forced to the conclu ion that the Daily Prophet ha  treated you very unfairly… little though I want to think that He Who Mu t Not Be Named ha  returned, I am forced to accept that you are telling the truth… Oh, thi  i  wonderful!' 'Another one who think  you're barking,'  aid Ron, throwing a crumpled letter over hi   houlder '… but thi  one  ay  you've got her converted and  he now think  you're a real hero -  he'  put in a photograph, too - wow!' 'What i  going on here?'  aid a fal ely  weet, girli h voice. Harry looked up with hi  hand  full of envelope . Profe or Umbridge wa   tanding behind Fred and Luna, her bulging toad'  eye   canning the me  of owl  and letter  on the table in front of Harry. Behind her he  aw many of the  tudent  watching them avidly. Why have you got all the e letter , Mr Potter?'  he a ked  lowly. 'I  that a crime now?'  aid Fred loudly. 'Getting mail?' 'Be careful, Mr Wea ley, or I  hall have to put you in detention,'  aid Umbridge. 'Well, Mr Potter?' Harry he itated, but he did not  ee how he could keep what he had done quiet; it wa   urely only a matter of time before a copy of The Quibbler came to Umbridge  attention. 'People have written to me becau e I gave an interview,'  aid Harry. 'About what happened to me la t June.' For  ome rea on he glanced up at the  taff table a  he  aid thi . Harry had the  trange t teeling that Dumbledore had been watching him a  econd before, but when he looked toward  the Headma ter he  eemed to be ab orbed in conver ation with Profe or Flitwick. 'An interview?' repeated Umbridge, her voice thinner and higher than ever. 'What do you mean?' 'I mean a reporter a ked me que tion  and I an wered them,'  aid Harry. 'Here -' And he threw the copy of The Quibbler to her. She caught it and  tared down at the cover. Her pale, doughy face turned an ugly, patchy violet. 'When did you do thi ?'  he a ked, her voice trembling  lightly. 'La t Hog meade weekend,'  aid Harry. She looked up at him, incande cent with rage, the magazine  haking in her  tubby finger . There will be no more Hog meade trip  for you, Mr Potter,'  he whi pered. 'How you dare… how you could…' She took a deep breath. 'I have tried again and again to teach you not to tell lie . The me age, apparently, ha   till not  unk in. Fifty point  from Gryffindor and another week'  worth of detention .' She  talked away, clutching The Quibbler to her che t, the eye  of many  tudent  following her. By mid-morning enormou   ign  had been put up all over the  chool, not ju t on hou e noticeboard , but in the corridor  and cla room  too. BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS Any  tudent found in po e ion of the magazine The Quibbler will be expelled. The above i  in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty- even. Signed: Dolore  Jane Umbridge, High Inqui itor • For  ome rea on, every time Hermione caught  ight of one of the e  ign   he beamed with plea ure. 'What exactly are you  o happy about?' Harry a ked her. 'Oh, Harry, don't you  ee?' Hermione breathed. 'If  he could have done one thing to make ab olutely  ure that every  ingle per on in thi   chool will read your interview, it wa  banning it!' And it  eemed that Hermione wa  quite right. By the end of the day, though Harry had not  een  o much a  a corner of The Quibbler anywhere in the  chool, the whole place  eemed to be quoting the interview to each other. Harry heard them whi pering about it a  they queued up out ide cla e , di cu ing it over lunch and in the back of le on , while Hermione even reported that every occupant of the cubicle  in the girl ' toilet  had been talking about it when  he nipped in there before Ancient Rune . Then they  potted me, and obviou ly they know I know you,  o they bombarded me with que tion ,' Hermione told Harry, her eye   hining, 'and Harry, I think they believe you, I really do, I think you've finally got them convinced!' Meanwhile, Profe or Umbridge wa   talking the  chool,  topping  tudent  at random and demanding that they turn out their book  and pocket : Harry knew  he wa  looking for copie  of The Quibbler, but the  tudent  were  everal  tep  ahead of her. The page  carrying Harry  interview had been bewitched to re emble extract  from textbook  if anyone but them elve  read it, or el e wiped magically blank until they wanted to peru e it again. Soon it  eemed that every  ingle per on in the  chool had read it. The teacher  were of cour e forbidden from mentioning the interview by Educational Decree Number Twenty- ix, but they found way  to expre  their feeling  about it all the  ame. Profe or Sprout awarded Gryffindor twenty point  when Harry pa ed her a watering can; a beaming Profe or Flitwick pre ed a box of  queaking  ugar mice on him at the end of Charm ,  aid, 'Shh!' and hurried away; and Profe or Trelawney broke into hy terical  ob  during Divination and announced to the  tartled cla , and a very di approving Umbridge, that Harry wa  not going to  uffer an early death after all, but would live to a ripe old age, become Mini ter for Magic and have twelve children. But what made Harry happie t wa  Cho catching up with him a  he wa  hurrying along to Tran figuration the next day. Before he knew what had happened, her hand wa  in hi  and  he wa  breathing in hi  ear, 'I'm really, really  orry. That interview wa   o brave… it made me cry.' He wa   orry to hear  he had  hed even more tear  over it, but very glad they were on  peaking term  again, and even more plea ed when  he gave him a  wift ki  on the cheek and hurried off again. And unbelievably, no  ooner had he arrived out ide Tran figuration than  omething ju t a  good happened: Seamu   tepped out of the queue to face him. 'I ju t wanted to  ay,' he mumbled,  quinting at Harry'  left knee, '1 believe you. And I've  ent a copy of that magazine to me mam.' If anything more wa  needed to complete Harry'  happine , it wa  the reaction he got from Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. He  aw them with their head  together later that afternoon in the library; they were with a weedy-looking boy Hermione whi pered wa  called Theodore Nott. They looked round at Harry a  he brow ed the  helve  for the book he needed on Partial Vani hment: Goyle cracked hi  knuckle  threateningly and Malfoy whi pered  omething undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe. Harry knew perfectly well why they were acting like thi : he had named all of their father  a  Death Eater . 'And the be t bit,' whi pered Hermione gleefully, a  they left the library, 'i  they can't contradict you, becau e they can't admit they've read the article!' To cap it all, Luna told him over dinner that no i ue of The Quibbler had ever  old out fa ter. 'Dad'  reprinting!'  he told Harry, her eye  popping excitedly. 'He can't believe it, he  ay  people  eem even more intere ted in thi  than the Crumple-Horned Snorkack !' Harry wa  a hero in the Gryffindor common room that night. Daringly, Fred and George had put an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of The Quibbler and hung it on the wall,  o that Harry'  giant head gazed down upon the proceeding , occa ionally  aying thing  like THE MINISTRY ARE MORONS' and 'EAT DUNG, UMBRIDGE' in a booming voice. Hermione did not find thi  very amu ing;  he  aid it interfered with her concentration, and  he ended up going to bed early out of irritation. Harry had to admit that the po ter wa  not quite a  funny after an hour or two, e pecially when the talking  pell had  tarted to wear off,  o that it merely  houted di connected word  like 'DUNG' and 'UMBRIDGE' at more and more frequent interval  in a progre ively higher voice. In fact, it  tarted to make hi  head ache and hi   car began prickling uncomfortably again. To di appointed moan  from the many people who were  itting around him, a king him to relive hi  interview for the umpteenth time, he announced that he too needed an early night. The dormitory wa  empty when he reached it. He re ted hi  forehead for a moment again t the cool gla  of the window be ide hi  bed; it felt  oothing again t hi   car. Then he undre ed and got into bed, wi hing hi  headache would go away. He al o felt  lightly  ick. He rolled over on to hi   ide, clo ed hi  eye , and fell a leep almo t at once… He wa   tanding in a dark, curtained room lit by a  ingle branch of candle . Hi  hand  were clenched on the back of a chair in front of him. They were long-fingered and white a  though they had not  een  unlight for year  and looked like large, pale  pider  again t the dark velvet of the chair. Beyond the chair, in a pool of light ca t upon the floor by the candle , knelt a man in black robe . 'I have been badly advi ed, it  eem ,'  aid Harry, in a high, cold voice that pul ed with anger. 'Ma ter, I crave your pardon,' croaked the man kneeling on the floor. The back of hi  head glimmered in the candlelight. He  eemed to be trembling. 'I do not blame you, Rookwood,'  aid Harry in that cold, cruel voice. He relinqui hed hi  grip on the chair and walked around it, clo er to the man cowering on the floor, until he  tood directly over him in the darkne , looking down from a far greater height than u ual. 'You are  ure of your fact , Rookwood?' a ked Harry. 'Ye , My Lord, ye … I u ed to work in the Department after -after all…' 'Avery told me Bode would be able to remove it.' 'Bode could never have taken it, Ma ter… Bode would have known he could not… undoubtedly, that i  why he fought  o hard again t Malfoy'  Imperiu  Cur e…' 'Stand up, Rookwood,' whi pered Harry. The kneeling man almo t fell over in hi  ha te to obey. Hi  face wa  pockmarked; the  car  were thrown into relief by the candlelight. He remained a little  tooped when  tanding, a  though halfway through a bow, and he darted terrified look  up at Harry'  face. 'You have done well to tell me thi ,'  aid Harry. 'Very well… I have wa ted month  on fruitle   cheme , it  eem … but no matter… we begin again, from now. You have Lord Voldemort'  gratitude, Rookwood…' 'My Lord… ye , My Lord,' ga ped Rookwood, hi  voice hoar e with relief. 'I  hall need your help. I  hall need all the information you can give me.' 'Of cour e, My Lord, of cour e… anything…' 'Very well… you may go. Send Avery to me.' Rookwood  curried backward , bowing, and di appeared through a door. Left alone in the dark room, Harry turned toward  the wall. A cracked, age- potted mirror hung on the wall in the  hadow . Harry moved toward  it. Hi  reflection grew larger and clearer in the darkne … a face whiter than a  kull… red eye  with  lit  for pupil … 'NOOOOOOOOO!' 'What?' yelled a voice nearby. Harry flailed around madly, became entangled in the hanging  and fell out of hi  bed. For a few  econd  he did not know where he wa ; he wa  convinced he wa  about to  ee the white,  kull-like face looming at him out ol the dark again, then very near to him Ron'  voice  poke. . 'Will you  top acting like a maniac  o I can get you out of here!' Ron wrenched the hanging  apart and Harry  tared up at him in the moonlight, flat on hi  back, hi   car  earing with pain. Ron looked a  though he had ju t been getting ready for bed; one arm wa  out of hi  robe . 'Ha   omeone been attacked again?' a ked Ron, pulling Harry roughly to hi  feet. 'I  it Dad? I  it that  nake?' 'No - everyone'  fine -' ga ped Harry, who e forehead felt a  though it were on fire. 'Well… Avery i n't… he'  in trouble… he gave him the wrong information… Voldemort'  really angry Harry groaned and  ank,  haking, on to hi  bed, rubbing hi   car. 'But Rookwood'  going to help him now… he'  on the right track again…" 'What are you talking about?'  aid Ron,  ounding  cared. 'D'you mean… did you ju t  ee You-Know-Who?' 'I wa  You-Know-Who,'  aid Harry, and he  tretched out hi  hand  in the darkne  and held them up to hi  face, to check that they were no longer deathly white and long-fingered. 'He wa  with Rookwood, he'  one of the Death Eater  who e caped from Azkaban, remember? Rookwood'  ju t told him Bode couldn't have done it.' 'Done what?' 'Remove  omething… he  aid Bode would have known he couldn't have done it… Bode wa  under the Imperiu  Cur e… I think he  aid Malfoy'  dad put it on him.' 'Bode wa  bewitched to remove  omething?' Ron  aid. 'But -Harry, that'  got to be -' The weapon,' Harry fini hed the  entence for him. 'I know' The dormitory door opened; Dean and Seamu  came in. Harry  wung hi  leg  back into bed. He did not want to look a  though anything odd had ju t happened,  eeing a  Seamu  had only ju t  topped thinking Harry wa  a nutter. 'Did you  ay,' murmured Ron, putting hi  head clo e to Harry'  on the pretence of helping him elf to water from the jug on hi  bed ide table, 'that you were You-Know-Who?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry quietly. Ron took an unnece arily large gulp of water; Harry  aw it  pill over hi  chin on to hi  che t. 'Harry,' he  aid, a  Dean and Seamu  clattered around noi ily, pulling off their robe  and talking, 'you've got to tell -' 'I haven't got to tell anyone,'  aid Harry  hortly. '1 wouldn't have  een it at all if I could do Occlumency. I'm  uppo ed to have learned to  hut thi   tuff out. That'  what they want.' By 'they' he meant Dumbledore. He got back into bed and rolled over on to hi   ide with hi  back to Ron and after a while he heard Ron'  mattre  creak a  he, too, lay back down. Harry'   car began to burn; he bit hard on hi  pillow to  top him elf making a noi e. Somewhere, he knew, Avery wa  being puni hed. * Harry and Ron waited until break next morning to tell Hermione exactly what had happened; they wanted to be ab olutely  ure they could not be overheard. Standing in their u ual corner of the cool and breezy courtyard, Harry told her every detail of the dream he could remember. When he had fini hed,  he  aid nothing at all for a few moment , but  tared with a kind of painful inten ity at Fred and George, who were both headle  and  elling their magical hat  from under their cloak  on the other  ide of the yard. 'So that'  why they killed him,'  he  aid quietly, withdrawing her gaze from Fred and George at la t. 'When Bode tried to  teal thi  weapon,  omething funny happened to him. I think there mu t be defen ive  pell  on it, or around it, to  top people touching it. That'  why he wa  in St Mungo' , hi  brain had gone all funny and he couldn't talk. But remember what the Healer told u ? He wa  recovering. And they couldn't ri k him getting better, could they? I mean, the  hock of whatever happened when he touched that weapon probably made the Imperiu  Cur e lift. Once he'd got hi  voice back, he'd explain what he'd been doing, wouldn't he? They would have known he'd been  ent to  teal the weapon. Of cour e, it would have been ea y for Luciu  Malfoy to put the cur e on him. Never out of the Mini try, i  he?' 'He wa  even hanging around that day I had my hearing,'  aid Harry. 'In the - hang on…' he  aid  lowly. 'He wa  in the Department of My terie  corridor that day! Your dad  aid he wa  probably trying to  neak down and find out what happened in my hearing, but what if -' 'Sturgi !' ga ped Hermione, looking thunder truck. 'Sorry?'  aid Ron, looking bewildered. 'Sturgi  Podmore -'  aid Hermione breathle ly, 'arre ted for trying to get through a door! Luciu  Malfoy mu t have got him too! I bet he did it the day you  aw him there, Harry. Sturgi  had Moody'  Invi ibility Cloak, right? So, what if he wa   tanding guard by the door, invi ible, and Malfoy heard him move - or gue ed  omeone wa  there - or ju t did the Imperiu  Cur e on the off-chance there'd be a guard there? So, when Sturgi  next had an opportunity - probably when it wa  hi  turn on guard duty again - he tried to get into the Department to  teal the weapon for Voldemort - Ron, be quiet - but he got caught and  ent to Azkaban…" She gazed at Harry. 'And now Rookwood'  told Voldemort how to get the weapon?' 'I didn't hear all the conver ation, but that'  what it  ounded like,'  aid Harry. 'Rookwood u ed to work there… maybe Voldemort'll  end Rookwood to do it?' Hermione nodded, apparently  till lo t in thought. Then, quite abruptly,  he  aid, 'But you  houldn't have  een thi  at all, Harry.' 'What?' he  aid, taken aback. 'You're  uppo ed to be learning how to clo e your mind to thi   ort of thing,'  aid Hermione,  uddenly  tern. 'I know I am,'  aid Harry. 'But -' 'Well, I think we  hould ju t try and forget what you  aw,'  aid Hermione firmly. 'And you ought to put in a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on.' Harry wa   o angry with her he did not talk to her for the re t of the day, which proved to be another bad one. When people were not di cu ing the e caped Death Eater  in the corridor , they were laughing at Gryffindor'  aby mal performance in their match again t Hufflepuff; the Slytherin  were  inging Wea ley i  our King'  o loudly and frequently that by  undown Filch had banned it from the corridor  out of  heer irritation. The week did not improve a  it progre ed. Harry received two more 'D'  in Potion ; he wa   till on tenterhook  that Hagrid might get the  ack; and he couldn't  top him elf dwelling on the dream in which he had been Voldemort - though he didn't bring it up with Ron and Hermione again; he didn't want another telling-off from Hermione. He wi hed very much that he could have talked to Siriu  about it, but that wa  out of the que tion,  o he tried to pu h the matter to the back of hi  mind. Unfortunately, the back of hi  mind wa  no longer the  ecure place it had once been. 'Get up, Potter.' A couple of week  after hi  dream of Rookwood, Harry wa  to be found, yet again, kneeling on the floor of Snape'  office, trying to clear hi  head. He had ju t been forced, yet again, to relive a  tream of very early memorie  he had not even reali ed he  till had, mo t of them concerning humiliation  Dudley and hi  gang had inflicted upon him in primary  chool. That la t memory,'  aid Snape. 'What wa  it?' 'I don't know,'  aid Harry, getting wearily to hi  feet. He wa  finding it increa ingly difficult to di entangle  eparate memorie  from the ru h of image  and  ound that Snape kept calling forth. 'You mean the one where my cou in tried to make me  tand in the toilet?' 'No,'  aid Snape  oftly. 'I mean the one with a man kneeling in the middle of a darkened room…' 'It' … nothing,'  aid Harry. Snape'  dark eye  bored into Harry' . Remembering what Snape had  aid about eye contact being crucial to Legilimency, Harry blinked and looked away. 'How do that man and that room come to be in ide your head, Potter?'  aid Snape. 'It -'  aid Harry, looking everywhere but at Snape, 'it wa  -ju t a dream I had.' 'A dream?' repeated Snape. There wa  a pau e during which Harry  tared fixedly at a large dead frog  u pended in a jar of purple liquid. 'You do know why we are here, don't you, Potter?'  aid Snape, in a low, dangerou  voice. 'You do know why I am giving up my evening  to thi  tediou  job?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry  tiffly. 'Remind me why we are here, Potter.' 'So I can learn Occlumency,'  aid Harry, now glaring at a dead eel. 'Correct, Potter. And dim though you may be -' Harry looked back at Snape, hating him '- I would have thought that after over two month  of le on  you might have made  ome progre . How many other dream  about the Dark Lord have you had?' 'Ju t that one,' lied Harry. 'Perhap ,'  aid Snape, hi  dark, cold eye  narrowing  lightly, 'perhap  you actually enjoy having the e vi ion  and dream , Potter. Maybe they make you feel  pecial - important?' 'No, they don't,'  aid Harry, hi  jaw  et and hi  finger  clenched tightly around the handle of hi  wand. That i  ju t a  well, Potter,'  aid Snape coldly, 'becau e you are neither  pecial nor important, and it i  not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord i   aying to hi  Death Eater .' 'No - that'  your job, i n't it?' Harry  hot at him. He had not meant to  ay it; it had bur t out of him in temper. For a long moment they  tared at each other, Harry convinced he had gone too far. But there wa  a curiou , almo t  ati fied expre ion on Snape'  face when he an wered. 'Ye , Potter,' he  aid, hi  eye  glinting. That i  my job. Now, if you are ready, we will  tart again.' He rai ed hi  wand: 'One — two - three - Legilimen l' A hundred Dementor  were  wooping toward  Harry acro  the lake in the ground … he  crewed up hi  face in concentration… they were coming clo er… he could  ee the dark hole  beneath their hood … yet he could al o  ee Snape  tanding in front of him, hi  eye  fixed on Harry'  face, muttering under hi  breath… and  omehow, Snape wa  growing clearer, and the Dementor  were growing fainter… Harry rai ed hi  own wand. 'Protego!' Snape  taggered - hi  wand flew upward , away from Harry -and  uddenly Harry'  mind wa  teeming with memorie  that were not hi : a hook-no ed man wa   houting at a cowering woman, while a  mall dark-haired boy cried in a corner… a grea y-haired teenager  at alone in a dark bedroom, pointing hi  wand at the ceiling,  hooting down flie … a girl wa  laughing a  a  crawny boy tried to mount a bucking broom tick - 'ENOUGH!' Harry felt a  though he had been pu hed hard in the che t; he  taggered  everal  tep  backward , hit  ome of the  helve  covering Snape'  wall  and heard  omething crack. Snape wa   haking  lightly, and wa  very white in the face. The back of Harry'  robe  wa  damp. One of the jar  behind him had broken when he fell again t it; the pickled  limy thing within wa   wirling in it  draining potion. 'Reparo,' hi ed Snape, and the jar  ealed it elf at once. 'Well, Potter… that wa  certainly an improvement…' Panting  lightly, Snape  traightened the Pen ieve in which he had again  tored  ome of hi  thought  before  tarting the le on, almo t a  though he wa  checking they were  till there. 'I don't remember telling you to u e a Shield Charm… but there i  no doubt that it wa  effective…' Harry did not  peak; he felt that to  ay anything might be dangerou . He wa   ure he had ju t broken into Snape'  memorie , that he had ju t  een  cene  from Snape'  childhood. It wa  unnerving to think that the little boy who had been crying a  he watched hi  parent   houting wa  actually  tanding in front of him with  uch loathing in hi  eye . 'Let'  try again,  hall we?'  aid Snape. Harry felt a thrill of dread; he wa  about to pay for what had ju t happened, he wa   ure of it. They moved back into po ition with the de k between them, Harry feeling he wa  going to find it much harder to empty hi  mind thi  time. 'On the count of three, then,'  aid Snape, rai ing hi  wand once more. 'One - two -' Harry did not have time to gather him elf together and attempt to clear hi  mind before Snape cried, 'Legilimen !' He wa  hurtling along the corridor toward  the Department of My terie , pa t the blank  tone wall , pa t the torche  - the plain black door wa  growing ever larger; he wa  moving  o fa t he wa  going to collide with it, he wa  feet from it and again he could  ee that chink of faint blue light - The door had flown open! He wa  through it at la t, in ide a black-walled, black-floored circular room lit with blue-flamed candle , and there were more door  all around him - he needed to go on - but which door ought he to take -? TOTTER!' Harry opened hi  eye . He wa  flat on hi  back again with no memory of having got there; he wa  al o panting a  though he really had run the length of the Department of My terie  corridor, really had  printed through the black door and found the circular room. 'Explain your elf!'  aid Snape, who wa   tanding over him, looking furiou . 'I… dunno what happened,'  aid Harry truthfully,  tanding up. There wa  a lump on the back of hi  head from where he had hit the ground and he felt feveri h. 'I've never  een that before. I mean, I told you, I've dreamed about the door… but it'  never opened before 'You are not working hard enough!' For  ome rea on, Snape  eemed even angrier than he had done two minute  before, when Harry had  een into hi  teacher'  memorie . 'You are lazy and  loppy, Potter, it i   mall wonder that the Dark Lord -' 'Can you tell me  omething,  ir?'  aid Harry, firing up again. 'Why do you call Voldemort the Dark Lord? I've only ever heard Death Eater  call him that.' Snape opened hi  mouth in a  narl - and a woman  creamed from  omewhere out ide the room. Snape  head jerked upward ; he wa  gazing at the ceiling. 'What the -?' he muttered. Harry could hear a muffled commotion coming from what he thought might be the Entrance Hall. Snape looked round at him, frowning. 'Did you  ee anything unu ual on your way down here, Potter?' Harry  hook hi  head. Somewhere above them, the woman  creamed again. Snape  trode to hi  office door, hi  wand  till held at the ready, and  wept out of  ight. Harry he itated for a moment, then followed. The  cream  were indeed coming from the Entrance Hall; they grew louder a  Harry ran toward  the  tone  tep  leading up from the dungeon . When he reached the top he found the Entrance Hall packed;  tudent  had come flooding out of the Great Hall, where dinner wa   till in progre , to  ee what wa  going on; other  had crammed them elve  on to the marble  tairca e. Harry pu hed forward  through a knot of tall Slytherin  and  aw that the onlooker  had formed a great ring,  ome of them looking  hocked, other  even frightened. Profe or McGonagall wa  directly oppo ite Harry on the other  ide of the Hall;  he looked a  though what  he wa  watching made her feel faintly  ick. Profe or Trelawney wa   tanding in the middle of the Entrance Hall with her wand in one hand and an empty  herry bottle in the other, looking utterly mad. Her hair wa   ticking up on end, her gla e  were lop ided  o that one eye wa  magnified more than the other; her innumerable  hawl  and  carve  were trailing haphazardly from her  houlder , giving the impre ion that  he wa  falling apart at the  eam . Two large trunk  lay on the floor be ide her, one of them up ide-down; it looked very much a  though it had been thrown down the  tair  after her. Profe or Trelawney wa   taring, apparently terrified, at  omething Harry could not  ee but which  eemed to be  tanding at the foot of the  tair . 'No!'  he  hrieked. 'NO! Thi  cannot be happening… it cannot… I refu e to accept it!' 'You didn't reali e thi  wa  coming?'  aid a high girli h voice,  ounding callou ly amu ed, and Harry, moving  lightly to hi  right,  aw that Trelawney'  terrifying vi ion wa  nothing other than Profe or Umbridge. 'Incapable though you are of predicting even tomorrow'  weather, you mu t  urely have reali ed that your pitiful performance during my in pection , and lack of any improvement, would make it inevitable that you would be  acked?' 'You c - can't!' howled Profe or Trelawney, tear   treaming down her face from behind her enormou  len e , 'you c - can't  ack me! I've b - been here  ixteen year ! H - Hogwart  i  in - my h - home!' 'It wa  your home,'  aid Profe or Umbridge, and Harry wa  revolted to  ee the enjoyment  tretching her toadlike face a   he watched Profe or Trelawney  ink,  obbing uncontrollably, on to one of her trunk , 'until an hour ago, when the Mini ter for Magic counter igned your Order of Di mi al. Now kindly remove your elf from thi  Hall. You are embarra ing u .' But  he  tood and watched, with an expre ion of gloating enjoyment, a  Profe or Trelawney  huddered and moaned, rocking backward  and forward  on her trunk in paroxy m  of grief. Harry heard a muffled  ob to hi  left and looked around. Lavender and Parvati were both crying quietly, their arm  round each other. Then he heard foot tep . Profe or McGonagall had broken away from the  pectator , marched  traight up to Profe or Trelawney and wa  patting her firmly on the back while withdrawing a large handkerchief from within her robe . There, there, Sybill… calm down… blow your no e on thi … it'  not a  bad a  you think, now… you are not going to have to leave Hogwart …" 'Oh really, Profe or McGonagall?'  aid Umbridge in a deadly voice, taking a few  tep  forward. 'And your authority for that  tatement i … ?' That would be mine,'  aid a deep voice. The oaken front door  had  wung open. Student  be ide them  cuttled out of the way a  Dumbledore appeared in the entrance. What he had been doing out in the ground  Harry could not imagine, but there wa   omething impre ive about the  ight of him framed in the doorway again t an oddly mi ty night. Leaving the door  wide open behind him he  trode forward  through the circle of onlooker  toward  Profe or Trelawney, tear- tained and trembling, on her trunk, Profe or McGonagall along ide her. 'Your , Profe or Dumbledore?'  aid Umbridge, with a  ingularly unplea ant little laugh. 'I'm afraid you do not under tand the po ition. I have here -'  he pulled a parchment  croll from within her robe '- an Order of Di mi al  igned by my elf and the Mini ter for Magic. Under the term  of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, the High Inqui itor of Hogwart  ha  the power to in pect, place upon probation and  ack any teacher  he - that i  to  ay, I - feel i  not performing to the  tandard  required by the Mini try of Magic. I have decided that Profe or Trelawney i  not up to  cratch. I have di mi ed her.' To Harry'  very great  urpri e, Dumbledore continued to  mile. He looked down at Profe or Trelawney, who wa   till  obbing and choking on her trunk, and  aid, 'You are quite right, of cour e, Profe or Umbridge. A  High Inqui itor you have every right to di mi  my teacher . You do not, however, have the authority to  end them away from the ca tle. I am afraid,' he went on, with a courteou  little bow, that the power to do that  till re ide  with the Headma ter, and it i  my wi h that Profe or Trelawney continue to live at Hogwart .' At thi , Profe or Trelawney gave a wild little laugh in which a hiccough wa  barely hidden. 'No - no, I'll g - go, Dumbledore! I  h -  hall - leave Hogwart  and'  -  eek my fortune el ewhere -' 'No,'  aid Dumbledore  harply. 'It i  my wi h that you remain, Sybill.' He turned to Profe or McGonagall. 'Might I a k you to e cort Sybill back up tair , Profe or McGonagall?' 'Of cour e,'  aid McGonagall. 'Up you get, Sybill…' Profe or Sprout came hurrying forward  out of the crowd and grabbed Profe or Trelawney'  other arm. Together, they guided her pa t Umbridge and up the marble  tair . Profe or Flitwick went  currying after them, hi  wand held out before him; he  queaked 'Locomotor trunk !' and Profe or Trelawney'  luggage ro e into the air and proceeded up the  tairca e after her, Profe or Flitwick bringing up the rear. Profe or Umbridge wa   tanding  tock  till,  taring at Dumbledore, who continued to  mile benignly. 'And what,'  he  aid, in a whi per that carried all around the Entrance Hall, 'are you going to do with her once I appoint a new Divination teacher who need  her lodging ?' 'Oh, that won't be a problem,'  aid Dumbledore plea antly. 'You  ee, I have already found u  a new Divination teacher, and he will prefer lodging  on the ground floor.' 'You've found -?'  aid Umbridge  hrilly. 'You've found? Might I remind you, Dumbledore, that under Educational Decree Number Twenty-two -' The Mini try ha  the right to appoint a  uitable candidate if -and only if- the Headma ter i  unable to find one,'  aid Dumbledore. 'And I am happy to  ay that on thi  occa ion I have  ucceeded. May I introduce you?' He turned to face the open front door , through which night mi t wa  now drifting. Harry heard hoove . There wa  a  hocked murmur around the Hall and tho e neare t the door  ha tily moved even further backward ,  ome of them tripping over in their ha te to clear a path for the newcomer. Through the mi t came a face Harry had  een once before on a dark, dangerou  night in the Forbidden Fore t: white-blond hair and a toni hingly blue eye ; the head and tor o of a man joined to the palomino body of a hor e. Thi  i  Firenze,'  aid Dumbledore happily to a thunder truck Umbridge. 'I think you'll find him  uitable.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 27 - The Centaur and the Sneak Til bet you wi h you hadn't given up Divination now, don't you, Hermione?' a ked Parvati,  mirking. It wa  breakfa t time, two day  after the  acking of Profe or Trelawney, and Parvati wa  curling her eyela he  around her wand and examining the effect in the back of her  poon. They were to have their fir t le on with Firenze that morning. 'Not really'  aid Hermione indifferently, who wa  reading the Daily Prophet. 'I've never really liked hor e .' She turned a page of the new paper and  canned it  column . 'He'  not a hor e, he'  a centaur!'  aid Lavender,  ounding  hocked. 'A gorgeou  centaur…'  ighed Parvati. 'Either way, he'   till got four leg ,'  aid Hermione coolly. 'Anyway I thought you two were all up et that Trelawney had gone?' 'We are!' Lavender a ured her. 'We went up to her office to  ee her; we took her  ome daffodil  - not the honking one  that Sprout'  got, nice one .' 'How i   he?' a ked Harry. 'Not very good, poor thing,'  aid Lavender  ympathetically. 'She wa  crying and  aying  he'd rather leave the ca tle for ever than  tay here where Umbridge i , and I don't blame her, Umbridge wa  horrible to her, wa n't  he?' 'I've got a feeling Umbridge ha  only ju t  tarted being horrible,'  aid Hermione darkly. 'Impo ible,'  aid Ron, who wa  tucking into a large plate of egg  and bacon. 'She can't get any wor e than  he'  been already.' 'You mark my word ,  he'  going to want revenge on Dumbledore for appointing a new teacher without con ulting her,'  aid Hermione, clo ing the new paper. 'E pecially another part-human. You  aw the look on her face when  he  aw Firenze.' After breakfa t Hermione departed for her Arithmancy cla  a  Harry and Ron followed Parvati and Lavender into the Entrance Hall, heading for Divination. Aren't we going up to North Tower?' a ked Ron, looking puzzled, a  Parvati bypa ed the marble  tairca e. Parvati looked at him  cornfully over her  houlder. 'How d'you expect Firenze to climb that ladder? We're in cla room eleven now, it wa  on the noticeboard ye terday.' Cla room eleven wa  on the ground floor along the corridor leading off the Entrance Hall from the oppo ite  ide to the Great Hall. Harry knew it wa  one of tho e cla room  that were never u ed regularly, and therefore had the  lightly neglected feeling of a cupboard or  toreroom. When he entered it right behind Ron, and found him elf in the middle of a fore t clearing, he wa  therefore momentarily  tunned. 'What the -?' The cla room floor had become  pringily mo y and tree  were growing out of it; their leafy branche  fanned acro  the ceiling and window ,  o that the room wa  full of  lanting  haft  of  oft, dappled, green light. The  tudent  who had already arrived were  itting on the earthy floor with their back  re ting again t tree trunk  or boulder , arm  wrapped around their knee  or folded tightly acro  their che t , and all looking rather nervou . In the middle of the clearing, where there were no tree ,  tood Firenze. 'Harry Potter,' he  aid, holding out a hand when Harry entered. 'Er - hi,'  aid Harry,  haking hand  with the centaur, who  urveyed him unblinkingly through tho e a toni hingly blue eye  but did not  mile. 'Er - good to  ee you.' 'And you,'  aid the centaur, inclining hi  white-blond head. 'It wa  foretold that we would meet again.' Harry noticed there wa  the  hadow of a hoof- haped brui e on Firenze'  che t. A  he turned to join the re t of the cla  on the ground, he  aw they were all looking at him in awe, apparently deeply impre ed that he wa  on  peaking term  with Firenze, whom they  eemed to find intimidating. When the door wa  clo ed and the la t  tudent had  at down on a tree  tump be ide the wa tepaper ba ket, Firenze ge tured around the room. 'Profe or Dumbledore ha  kindly arranged thi  cla room for u ,'  aid Firenze, when everyone had  ettled down, 'in imitation of my natural habitat. I would have preferred to teach you in the Forbidden Fore t, which wa  - until Monday - my home… but that i  no longer po ible.' 'Plea e - er -  ir -'  aid Parvati breathle ly, rai ing her hand, '- why not? We've been in there with Hagrid, we're not frightened!' 'It i  not a que tion of your bravery,'  aid Firenze, 'but of my po ition. I cannot return to the Fore t. My herd ha  bani hed me.' 'Herd?'  aid Lavender in a confu ed voice, and Harry knew  he wa  thinking of cow . 'What - oh!' Comprehen ion dawned on her face. 'There are more of youT  he  aid,  tunned. 'Did Hagrid breed you, like the The tral ?' a ked Dean eagerly. Firenze turned hi  head very  lowly to face Dean, who  eemed to reali e at once that he had  aid  omething very offen ive. 'I didn't - I meant -  orry' he fini hed in a hu hed voice. 'Centaur  are not the  ervant  or plaything  of human ,'  aid Firenze quietly. There wa  a pau e, then Parvati rai ed her hand again. 'Plea e,  ir… why have the other centaur  bani hed you?' 'Becau e I have agreed to work for Profe or Dumbledore,'  aid Firenze. 'They  ee thi  a  a betrayal of our kind.' Harry remembered how, nearly four year  ago, the centaur Bane had  houted at Firenze for allowing Harry to ride to  afety on hi  back; he had called him a 'common mule'. He wondered whether it had been Bane who had kicked Firenze in the che t. 'Let u  begin,'  aid Firenze. He  wi hed hi  long palomino tail, rai ed hi  hand toward  the leafy canopy overhead, then lowered it  lowly, and a  he did  o, the light in the room dimmed,  o that they now  eemed to be  itting in a fore t clearing by twilight, and  tar  appeared on the ceiling. There were oofi  and ga p  and Ron  aid audibly, 'Blimey!' 'Lie back on the floor,'  aid Firenze in hi  calm voice, 'and ob erve the heaven . Here i  written, for tho e who can  ee, the fortune of our race .' Harry  tretched out on hi  back and gazed upward  at the ceiling. A twinkling red  tar winked at him from overhead. 'I know that you have learned the name  of the planet  and their moon  in A tronomy,'  aid Firenze'  calm voice, 'and that you have mapped the  tar ' progre  through the heaven . Centaur  have unravelled the my terie  of the e movement  over centurie . Our finding  teach u  that the future may be glimp ed in the  ky above u  -' 'Profe or Trelawney did a trology with u !'  aid Parvati excitedly, rai ing her hand in front of her  o that it  tuck up in the air a   he lay on her back. 'Mar  cau e  accident  and burn  and thing  like that, and when it make  an angle to Saturn, like now -'  he drew a right-angle in the air above her '- that mean  people need to be extra careful when handling hot thing  -' That,'  aid Firenze calmly, 'i  human non en e.' Parvati'  hand fell limply to her  ide. Trivial hurt , tiny human accident ,'  aid Firenze, a  hi  hoove  thudded over the mo y floor. The e are of no more  ignificance than the  currying  of ant  to the wide univer e, and are unaffected by planetary movement .' 'Profe or Trelawney -' began Parvati, in a hurt and indignant voice. '- i  a human,'  aid Firenze  imply. 'And i  therefore blinkered and fettered by the limitation  of your kind.' Harry turned hi  head very  lightly to look at Parvati. She looked very offended, a  did  everal of the people  urrounding her. 'Sybill Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know,' continued Firenze, and Harry heard the  wi hing of hi  tail again a  he walked up and down before them, 'but  he wa te  her time, in the main, on the  elf-flattering non en e human  call fortune-telling. I, however, am here to explain the wi dom of centaur , which i  imper onal and impartial. We watch the  kie  for the great tide  of evil or change that are  ometime  marked there. It may take ten year  to be  ure of what we are  eeing.' Firenze pointed to the red  tar directly above Harry. 'In the pa t decade, the indication  have been that wizardkind i  living through nothing more than a brief calm between two war . Mar , bringer of battle,  hine  brightly above u ,  ugge ting that the fight mu t  oon break out again. How  oon, centaur  may attempt to divine by the burning of certain herb  and leave , by the ob ervation of fume and flame…' It wa  the mo t unu ual le on Harry had ever attended. They did indeed burn  age and mallow weet there on the cla room floor, and Firenze told them to look for certain  hape  and  ymbol  in the pungent fume , but he  eemed perfectly unconcerned that not one of them could  ee any of the  ign  he de cribed, telling them that human  were hardly ever good at thi , that it took centaur  year  and year  to become competent, and fini hed by telling them that it wa  fooli h to put too much faith in  uch thing , anyway, becau e even centaur   ometime  read them wrongly. He wa  nothing like any human teacher Harry had ever had. Hi  priority did not  eem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impre  upon them that nothing, not even centaur ' knowledge, wa  foolproof. 'He'  not very definite on anything, i  he?'  aid Ron in a low voice, a  they put out their mallow weet fire. 'I mean, I could do with a few more detail  about thi  war we're about to have, couldn't you?' The bell rang right out ide the cla room door and everyone jumped; Harry had completely forgotten they were  till in ide the ca tle, and quite convinced that he wa  really in the Fore t. The cla  filed out, looking  lightly perplexed. Harry and Ron were on the point of following them when Firenze called, 'Harry Potter, a word, plea e.' Harry turned. The centaur advanced a little toward  him. Ron he itated. 'You may  tay,' Firenze told him. 'But clo e the door, plea e.' • Ron ha tened to obey. 'Harry Potter, you are a friend of Hagrid' , are you not?'  aid the •centaur. 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. Then give him a warning from me. Hi  attempt i  not working. He would do better to abandon it.' 'Hi  attempt i  not working?' Harry repeated blankly. 'And he would do better to abandon it,'  aid Firenze, nodding. 'I would warn Hagrid my elf, but I am bani hed - it would be unwi e for me to go too near the Fore t now - Hagrid ha  trouble  enough, without a centaur ' battle.' 'But - what'  Hagrid attempting to do?'  aid Harry nervou ly. Firenze  urveyed Harry impa ively. 'Hagrid ha  recently rendered me a great  ervice,'  aid Firenze, 'and he ha  long  ince earned my re pect for the care he  how  all living creature . I  hall not betray hi   ecret. But he mu t be brought to hi   en e . The attempt i  not working. Tell him, Harry Potter. Good-day to you.' * The happine  Harry had felt in the aftermath of The Quibbler interview had long  ince evaporated. A  a dull March blurred into a  qually April, hi  life  eemed to have become one long  erie  of worrie  and problem  again. Umbridge had continued attending all Care of Magical Creature  le on ,  o it had been very difficult to deliver Firenze  warning to Hagrid. At la t, Harry had managed it by pretending he'd lo t hi  copy of Fanta tic Bea t  and Where to Find Them, and doubling back after cla  one day. When he'd repeated Firenze  word , Hagrid gazed at him for a moment through hi  puffy, blackened eye , apparently taken aback. Then he  eemed to pull him elf together. 'Nice bloke, Firenze,' he  aid gruffly, 'but he don' know what he'  talkin' abou' on thi . The attemp'  comin' on fine.' 'Hagrid, what're you up to?' a ked Harry  eriou ly. 'Becau e you've got to be careful, Umbridge ha  already  acked Trelawney and, if you a k me,  he'  on a roll. If you're doing anything you  houldn't be, you'll be -' There'  thing  more importan' than keepin' a job,'  aid Hagrid, though hi  hand   hook  lightly a  he  aid thi  and a ba in full of Knarl dropping  cra hed to the floor. 'Don' worry abou' me, Harry ju ' get along now, there'  a good lad.' Harry had no choice but to leave Hagrid mopping up the dung all over hi  floor, but he felt thoroughly di pirited a  he trudged back up to the ca tle. Meanwhile, a  the teacher  and Hermione per i ted in reminding them, the OWL  were drawing ever nearer. All the fifth-year  were  uffering from  tre  to  ome degree, but Hannah Abbott became the fir t to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after  he bur t into tear  during Herbology and  obbed that  he wa  too  tupid to take exam  and wanted to leave  chool now. If it had not been for the DA le on , Harry thought he would have been extremely unhappy. He  ometime  felt he wa  living for the hour  he  pent in the Room of Requirement, working hard but thoroughly enjoying him elf at the  ame time,  welling with pride a  he looked around at hi  fellow DA member  and  aw how far they had come. Indeed, Harry  ometime  wondered how Umbridge wa  going to react when all the member  of the DA received 'Out tanding' in their Defence Again t the Dark Art  OWL . They had finally  tarted work on Patronu e , which everybody had been very keen to practi e, though, a  Harry kept reminding them, producing a Patronu  in the middle of a brightly lit cla room when they were not under threat wa  very different from producing it when confronted by  omething like a Dementor. 'Oh, don't be  uch a killjoy,'  aid Cho brightly, watching her  ilvery  wan- haped Patronu   oar around the Room of Requirement during their la t le on before Ea ter. They're  o pretty!' They're not  uppo ed to be pretty, they're  uppo ed to protect you,'  aid Harry patiently. 'What we really need i  a Boggart or  omething; that'  how I learned, I had to conjure a Patronu  while the Boggart wa  pretending to be a Dementor -' 'But that would be really  cary!'  aid Lavender, who wa   hooting puff  of  ilver vapour out of the end of her wand. 'And I  till -can't - do it!'  he added angrily. Neville wa  having trouble, too. Hi  face wa   crewed up in concentration, but only feeble wi p  of  ilver  moke i ued from hi  wand tip. 'You've got to think of  omething happy,' Harry reminded him. 'I'm trying,'  aid Neville mi erably, who wa  trying  o hard hi  round face wa  actually  hining with  weat. 'Harry, I think I'm doing it!' yelled Seamu , who had been brought along to hi  fir t ever DA meeting by Dean. 'Look - ah -it'  gone… but it wa  definitely  omething hairy, Harry!' Hermione'  Patronu , a  hining  ilver otter, wa  gambolling around her. They are  ort of nice, aren't they?'  he  aid, looking at it fondly. The door of the Room of Requirement opened, and clo ed. Harry looked round to  ee who had entered, but there did not  eem to be anybody there. It wa  a few moment  before he reali ed that the people clo e to the door had fallen  ilent. Next thing he knew,  omething wa  tugging at hi  robe   omewhere near the knee. He looked down and  aw, to hi  very great a toni hment, Dobby the hou e-elf peering up at him from beneath hi  u ual eight woolly hat . 'Hi, Dobby!' he  aid. 'What are you - What'  wrong?' The elf'  eye  were wide with terror and he wa   haking. The member  of the DA clo e t to Harry had fallen  ilent; everybody in the room wa  watching Dobby. The few Patronu e  people had managed to conjure faded away into  ilver mi t, leaving the room looking much darker than before. 'Harry Potter,  ir…'  queaked the elf, trembling from head to foot, 'Harry Potter,  ir… Dobby ha  come to warn you… but the hou e-elve  have been warned not to tell…' He ran head-fir t at the wall. Harry, who had  ome experience ofDobby  habit  of  elf-puni hment, made to  eize him, but Dobby merely bounced off the  tone, cu hioned by hi  eight hat . Hermione and a few of the other girl  let out  queak  of fear and  ympathy. 'What'  happened, Dobby?' Harry a ked, grabbing the elf'  tiny arm and holding him away from anything with which he might  eek to hurt him elf. 'Harry Potter…  he…  he…" Dobby hit him elf hard on the no e with hi  free fi t. Harry  eized that, too. 'Who'  “ he”, Dobby?' But he thought he knew;  urely only one ' he' could induce  uch fear in Dobby? The elf looked up at him,  lightly cro -eyed, and mouthed wordle ly. 'Umbridge?' a ked Harry, horrified. Dobby nodded, then tried to bang hi  head on Harry'  knee . Harry held him at arm'  length. 'What about her? Dobby -  he ha n't found out about thi  -about u  - about the DA?' He read the an wer in the elf'   tricken face. Hi  hand  held fa t by Harry, the elf tried to kick him elf and fell to the floor. 'I   he coming?' Harry a ked quietly. Dobby let out a howl, and began beating hi  bare feet hard on the floor. 'Ye , Harry Potter, ye !' Harry  traightened up and looked around at the motionle , terrified people gazing at the thra hing elf. 'WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?' Harry bellowed. 'RUN!' They all pelted toward  the exit at once, forming a  crum at the door, then people bur t through. Harry could hear them  printing along the corridor  and hoped they had the  en e not to try and make it all the way to their dormitorie . It wa  only ten to nine; if they ju t took refuge in the library or the Owlery, which were both nearer - 'Harry, come on!'  hrieked Hermione from the centre of the knot of people now fighting to get out. He  cooped up Dobby, who wa   till attempting to do him elf  eriou  injury, and ran with the elf in hi  arm  to join the back of the queue. 'Dobby - thi  i  an order - get back down to the kitchen with the other elve  and, if  he a k  you whether you warned me, lie and  ay no!'  aid Harry. 'And I forbid you to hurt your elf!' he added, dropping the elf a  he made it over the thre hold at la t and  lammed the door behind him. Thank you, Harry Potter!'  queaked Dobby, and he  treaked off. Harry glanced left and right, the other  were all moving  o fa t he caught only glimp e  of flying heel  at either end of the corridor before they vani hed; he  tarted to run right; there wa  a boy ' bathroom up ahead, he could pretend he'd been in there all the time if he could ju t reach it - 'AAARGH!' Something caught him around the ankle  and he fell  pectacularly,  kidding along on hi  front for  ix feet before coming to a halt. Someone behind him wa  laughing. He rolled over on to hi  back and  aw Malfoy concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragon- haped va e. Trip Jinx, Potter!' he  aid. 'Hey Profe or - PROFESSOR! I've got one!' Umbridge came bu tling round the far corner, breathle  but wearing a delighted  mile. 'It'  him!'  he  aid jubilantly at the  ight of Harry on the floor. 'Excellent, Draco, excellent, oh, very good - fifty point  to Slytherin! I'll take him from here…  tand up, Potter!' Harry got to hi  feet, glaring at the pair of them. He had never  een Umbridge looking  o happy. She  eized hi  arm in a vice-like grip and turned, beaming broadly, to Malfoy. 'You hop along and  ee if you can round up any more of them, Draco,'  he  aid. Tell the other  to look in the library - anybody out of breath - check the bathroom , Mi  Parkin on can do the girl ' one  - off you go - and you,'  he added in her  ofte t, mo t dangerou  voice, a  Malfoy walked away, 'you can come with me to the Headma ter  office, Potter.' They were at the  tone gargoyle within minute . Harry wondered how many of the other  had been caught. He thought of Ron - Mr . Wea ley would kill him - and of how Hermione would feel if  he wa  expelled before  he could take her OWL . And it had been Seamu '  very fir t meeting… and Neville had been getting  o good… 'Fizzing Whizzbee,'  ang Umbridge; the  tone gargoyle jumped a ide, the wall behind  plit open, and they a cended the moving  tone  tairca e. They reached the poli hed door with the griffin knocker, but Umbridge did not bother to knock,  he  trode  traight in ide,  till holding tight to Harry. The office wa  full of people. Dumbledore wa   itting behind hi  de k, hi  expre ion  erene, the tip  of hi  long finger  together. Profe or McGonagall  tood rigidly be ide him, her face extremely ten e. Corneliu  Fudge, Mini ter for Magic, wa  rocking backward  and forward  on hi  toe  be ide the fire, apparently immen ely plea ed with the  ituation; Kmg ley Shacklebolt and a tough-looking wizard with very  hort wiry hair whom Harry did not recogni e, were po itioned either  ide of the door like guard , and the freckled, be pectacled form of Percy Wea ley hovered excitedly be ide the wall, a quill and a heavy  croll of parchment in hi  hand , apparently poi ed to take note . The portrait  of old headma ter  and headmi tre e  were not  hamming  leep tonight. All of them were alert and  eriou , watching what wa  happening below them. A  Harry entered, a few flitted into neighbouring frame  and whi pered urgently into their neighbour'  ear. Harry pulled him elf free of Umbridge'  gra p a  the door  wung  hut behind them. Corneliu  Fudge wa  glaring at him with a kind of viciou   ati faction on hi  face. 'Well,' he  aid. 'Well, well, well…" Harry replied with the dirtie t look he could mu ter. Hi  heart drummed madly in ide him, but hi  brain wa  oddly cool and clear. 'He wa  heading back to Gryffindor Tower,'  aid Umbridge. There wa  an indecent excitement in her voice, the  ame callou  plea ure Harry had heard a   he watched Profe or Trelawney di olving with mi ery in the Entrance Hall. The Malfoy boy cornered him.' 'Did he, did he?'  aid Fudge appreciatively. 'I mu t remember to tell Luciu . Well, Potter… I expect you know why you are here?' Harry fully intended to re pond with a defiant 'ye ': hi  mouth had opened and the word wa  half-formed when he caught  ight of Dumbledore'  face. Dumbledore wa  not looking directly at Harry - hi  eye  were fixed on a point ju t over hi   houlder - but a  Harry  tared at him, he  hook hi  head a fraction of an inch to each  ide. Harry changed direction mid-word. 'Ye—no.' 'I beg your pardon?'  aid Fudge. 'No,'  aid Harry, firmly. 'You don't know why you are here?' 'No, I don't,'  aid Harry. Fudge looked incredulou ly from Harry to Profe or Umbridge. Harry took advantage of hi  momentary inattention to  teal another quick look at Dumbledore, who gave the carpet the tinie t of nod  and the  hadow of a wink. 'So you have no idea,'  aid Fudge, in a voice po itively  agging with  arca m, 'why Profe or Umbridge ha  brought you to thi  office? You are not aware that you have broken any  chool rule ?' 'School rule ?'  aid Harry. 'No.' 'Or Mini try Decree ?' amended Fudge angrily. 'Not that I'm aware of,'  aid Harry blandly. Hi  heart wa   till hammering very fa t. It wa  almo t worth telling the e lie  to watch Fudge  blood pre ure ri ing, but he could not  ee how on earth he would get away with them; if  omebody had tipped off Umbridge about the DA then he, the leader, might a  well be packing hi  trunk right now. 'So, it'  new  to you, i  it,'  aid Fudge, hi  voice now thick with anger, 'that an illegal  tudent organi ation ha  been di covered within thi   chool?' 'Ye , it i ,'  aid Harry, hoi ting an unconvincing look of innocent  urpri e on to hi  face. 'I think, Mini ter,'  aid Umbridge  ilkily from be ide him, 'we might make better progre  if I fetch our informant.' 'Ye , ye , do,'  aid Fudge, nodding, and he glanced maliciou ly at Dumbledore a  Umbridge left the room. There'  nothing like a good witne , i  there, Dumbledore?' 'Nothing at all, Corneliu ,'  aid Dumbledore gravely, inclining hi  head. There wa  a wait of  everal minute , in which nobody looked at each other, then Harry heard the door open behind him. Umbridge moved pa t him into the room, gripping by the  houlder Cho'  curly-haired friend, Marietta, who wa  hiding her face in her hand . 'Don't be  cared, dear, don't be frightened,'  aid Profe or Umbridge  oftly, patting her on the back, 'it'  quite all right, now. You have done the right thing. The Mini ter i  very plea ed with you. He'll be telling your mother what a good girl you've been. Marietta'  mother, Mini ter,'  he added, looking up at Fudge, 'i  Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical Tran portation, Floo Network office -  he'  been helping u  police the Hogwart  fire , you know.' 'Jolly good, jolly good!'  aid Fudge heartily. 'Like mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on, now, dear, look up, don't be  hy, let'  hear what you've got to - galloping gargoyle !' A  Marietta rai ed her head, Fudge leapt backward  in  hock, nearly landing him elf in the fire. He cur ed, and  tamped on the hem of hi  cloak which had  tarted to  moke. Marietta gave a wail and pulled the neck of her robe  right up to her eye , but not before everyone had  een that her face wa  horribly di figured by a  erie  of clo e- et purple pu tule  that had  pread acro  her no e and cheek  to form the word 'SNEAK'. 'Never mind the  pot  now, dear,'  aid Umbridge impatiently, 'ju t take your robe  away from your mouth and tell the Mini ter -' But Marietta gave another muffled wail and  hook her head frantically. 'Oh, very well, you  illy girl, I'll tell him,'  napped Umbridge. She hitched her  ickly  mile back on to her face and  aid, 'Well, Mini ter, Mi  Edgecombe here came to my office  hortly after dinner thi  evening and told me  he had  omething  he wanted to tell me. She  aid that if I proceeded to a  ecret room on the  eventh floor,  ometime  known a  the Room of Requirement, I would find out  omething to my advantage. I que tioned her a little further and  he admitted that there wa  to be  ome kind of meeting there. Unfortunately, at that point thi  hex,'  he waved impatiently at Marietta'  concealed face, 'came into operation and upon catching  ight of her face in my mirror the girl became too di tre ed to tell me any more.' 'Well, now,'  aid Fudge, fixing Marietta with what he evidently imagined wa  a kind and fatherly look, 'it i  very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Profe or Umbridge. You did exactly the right thing. Now, will you tell me what happened at thi  meeting? What wa  it  purpo e? Who wa  there?' But Marietta would not  peak;  he merely  hook her head again, her eye  wide and fearful. 'Haven't we got a counter-jinx for thi ?' Fudge a ked Umbridge impatiently, ge turing at Marietta'  face. 'So  he can  peak freely?' 'I have not yet managed to find one,' Umbridge admitted grudgingly, and Harry felt a  urge of pride in Hermione'  jinxing ability. 'But it doe n't matter if  he won't  peak, I can take up the  tory from here. 'You will remember, Mini ter, that I  ent you a report back in October that Potter had met a number of fellow  tudent  in the Hog'  Head in Hog meade -' 'And what i  your evidence for that?' cut in Profe or McGonagall. 'I have te timony from Willy Widder hin , Minerva, who happened to be in the bar at the time. He wa  heavily bandaged, it i  true, but hi  hearing wa  quite unimpaired,'  aid Umbridge  mugly. 'He heard every word Potter  aid and ha tened  traight to the  chool to report to me -' 'Oh,  o that'  why he wa n't pro ecuted for  etting up all tho e regurgitating toilet !'  aid Profe or McGonagall, rai ing her eyebrow . 'What an intere ting in ight into our ju tice  y tem!' 'Blatant corruption!' roared the portrait of the corpulent, red-no ed wizard on the wall behind Dumbledore'  de k. The Mini try did not cut deal  with petty criminal  in my day, no  ir, they did not!' Thank you, Forte cue, that will do,'  aid Dumbledore  oftly. The purpo e of Potter'  meeting with the e  tudent ,' continued Profe or Umbridge, 'wa  to per uade them to join an illegal  ociety, who e aim wa  to learn  pell  and cur e  the Mini try ha  decided are inappropriate for  chool-age -' 'I think you'll find you're wrong there, Dolore ,'  aid Dumbledore quietly, peering at her over the half-moon  pectacle  perched halfway down hi  crooked no e. Harry  tared at him. He could not  ee how Dumbledore wa  going to talk him out of thi  one; if Willy Widder hin  had indeed heard every word he had  aid in the Hog'  Head there wa   imply no e caping it. 'Oho!'  aid Fudge, bouncing up and down on the ball  of hi  feet again. 'Ye , do let'  hear the late t cock-and-bull  tory de igned to pull Potter out of trouble! Go on, then, Dumbledore, go on - Willy Widder hin  wa  lying, wa  he? Or wa  it Potter  identical twin in the Hog'  Head that day? Or i  there the u ual  imple explanation involving a rever al of time, a dead man coming back to life and a couple of invi ible Dementor ?' Percy Wea ley let out a hearty laugh. 'Oh, very good, Mini ter, very good!' Harry could have kicked him. Then he  aw, to hi  a toni hment, that Dumbledore wa   miling gently, too. 'Corneliu , I do not deny - and nor, I am  ure, doe  Harry - -that he wa  in the Hog'  Head that day, nor that he wa  trying to recruit  tudent  to a Defence Again t the Dark Art  group. I am merely pointing out that Dolore  i  quite wrong to  ugge t that  uch a group wa , at that time, illegal. If you remember, the Mini try Decree banning all  tudent  ocietie  wa  not put into effect until two day  after Harry  Hog meade meeting,  o he wa  not breaking any rule  at all in the Hog'  Head.' Percy looked a  though he had been  truck in the face by  omething very heavy. Fudge remained motionle  in mid-bounce, hi  mouth hanging open. Umbridge recovered fir t. : 'That'  all very fine, Headma ter,'  he  aid,  miling  weetly, 'but we are now nearly  ix month  on from the introduction of Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. If the fir t meeting wa  not illegal, all tho e that have happened  ince mo t certainly are.' 'Well,'  aid Dumbledore,  urveying her with polite intere t over the top of hi  interlocked finger , 'they certainly would be, if they had continued after the Decree came into effect. Do you have any evidence that any  uch meeting  continued?' A  Dumbledore  poke, Harry heard a ru tle behind him and rather thought King ley whi pered  omething. He could have  worn, too, that he felt  omething bru h again t hi   ide, a gentle  omething like a draught or bird wing , but looking down he  aw nothing there. 'Evidence?' repeated Umbridge, with that horrible wide toad-like  mile. 'Have you not been li tening, Dumbledore? Why do you think Mi  Edgecombe i  here?' 'Oh, can  he tell u  about  ix month ' worth of meeting ?'  aid Dumbledore, rai ing hi  eyebrow . 'I wa  under the impre ion that  he wa  merely reporting a meeting tonight.' 'Mi  Edgecombe,'  aid Umbridge at once, 'tell u  how long the e meeting  have been going on, dear. You can  imply nod or  hake your head, I'm  ure that won't make the  pot  wor e. Have they been happening regularly over the la t  ix month ?' Harry felt a horrible plummeting in hi   tomach. Thi  wa  it, they had hit a dead end of  olid evidence that not even Dumbledore would be able to  hift a ide. 'Ju t nod or  hake your head, dear,' Umbridge  aid coaxingly to Marietta, 'come on, now, that won't re-activate the jinx.' Everyone in the room wa  gazing at the top of Marietta'  face. Only her eye  were vi ible between the pulled-up robe  and her curly fringe. Perhap  it wa  a trick of the firelight, but her eye  looked oddly blank. And then - to Harry'  utter amazement -Marietta  hook her head. Umbridge looked quickly at Fudge, then back at Marietta. 'I don't think you under tood the que tion, did you, dear? I'm a king whether you've been going to the e meeting  for the pa t  ix month ? You have, haven't you?' Again, Marietta  hook her head. 'What do you mean by  haking your head, dear?'  aid Umbridge in a te ty voice. 'I would have thought her meaning wa  quite clear,'  aid Profe or McGonagall har hly, 'there have been no  ecret meeting  for the pa t  ix month . I  that correct, Mi  Edgecombe?' Marietta nodded. 'But there wa  a meeting tonight!'  aid Umbridge furiou ly. 'There wa  a meeting, Mi  Edgecombe, you told me about it, in the Room of Requirement! And Potter wa  the leader, wa  he not, Potter organi ed it, Potter - why are you  haking your head, girl?' 'Well, u ually when a per on  hake  their head,'  aid McGonagall coldly, 'they mean “no”. So unle  Mi  Edgecombe i  u ing a form of  ign-language a  yet unknown to human  -' Profe or Umbridge  eized Marietta, pulled her round to face her and began  haking her very hard. A  plit  econd later Dumbledore wa  on hi  feet, hi  wand rai ed; King ley  tarted forward  and Umbridge leapt back from Marietta, waving her hand  in the air a  though they had been burned. 'I cannot allow you to manhandle my  tudent , Dolore ,'  aid Dumbledore and, for the fir t time, he looked angry. 'You want to calm your elf, Madam Umbridge,'  aid King ley, in hi  deep,  low voice. 'You don't want to get your elf into trouble, now.' 'No,'  aid Umbridge breathle ly, glancing up at the towering figure of King ley. 'I mean, ye  - you're right, Shacklebolt - I - I forgot my elf.' Marietta wa   tanding exactly where Umbridge had relea ed her. She  eemed neither perturbed by Umbridge'   udden attack, nor relieved by her relea e;  he wa   till clutching her robe up to her oddly blank eye  and  taring  traight ahead of her. A  udden  u picion, connected to King ley'  whi per and the thing he had felt  hoot pa t him,  prang into Harry'  mind. 'Dolore ,'  aid Fudge, with the air of trying to  ettle  omething once and for all, 'the meeting tonight - the one we know definitely happened -' 'Ye ,'  aid Umbridge, pulling her elf together, 'ye … well, Mi  Edgecombe tipped me off and I proceeded at once to the  eventh floor, accompanied by certain tru tworthy  tudent ,  o a  to catch tho e in the meeting red-handed. It appear  that they were forewarned of my arrival, however, becau e when we reached the  eventh floor they were running in every direction. It doe  not matter, however. I have all their name  here, Mi  Parkin on ran into the Room of Requirement for me to  ee if they had left anything behind. We needed evidence and the room provided.' And to Harry'  horror,  he withdrew from her pocket the li t of name  that had been pinned upon the Room of Requirement'  wall and handed it to Fudge. The moment I  aw Potter'  name on the li t, I knew what we were dealing with,'  he  aid  oftly. 'Excellent,'  aid Fudge, a  mile  preading acro  hi  face, 'excellent, Dolore . And… by thunder…' He looked up at Dumbledore, who wa   till  tanding be ide Marietta, hi  wand held loo ely in hi  hand. 'See what they've named them elve ?'  aid Fudge quietly. 'Dumbledore'  Army.' Dumbledore reached out and took the piece of parchment from Fudge. He gazed at the heading  cribbled by Hermione month  before and for a moment  eemed unable to  peak. Then he looked up,  miling. 'Well, the game i  up,' he  aid  imply. 'Would you like a written confe ion from me, Corneliu  - or will a  tatement before the e witne e   uffice?' Harry  aw McGonagall and King ley look at each other. There wa  fear in both face . He did not under tand what wa  going on, and nor, apparently, did Fudge. 'Statement?'  aid Fudge  lowly. 'What - I don't -?' 'Dumbledore'  Army, Corneliu ,'  aid Dumbledore,  till  miling a  he waved the li t of name  before Fudge'  face. 'Not Potter'  Army. Dumbledore'  Army.' 'But - but -' Under tanding blazed  uddenly in Fudge  face. He took a horrified  tep backward , yelped, and jumped out of the fire again. 'You?' he whi pered,  tamping again on hi   mouldering cloak. That'  right,'  aid Dumbledore plea antly. 'You organi ed thi ?' 'I did,'  aid Dumbledore. 'You recruited the e  tudent  for - for your army?' Tonight wa   uppo ed to be the fir t meeting,'  aid Dumbledore, nodding. 'Merely to  ee whether they would be intere ted in joining me. I  ee now that it wa  a mi take to invite Mi  Edgecombe, of cour e.' Marietta nodded. Fudge looked from her to Dumbledore, hi  che t  welling. Then you have been plotting again t me!' he yelled. That'  right,'  aid Dumbledore cheerfully. 'NO!'  houted Harry. King ley fla hed a look of warning at him, McGonagall widened her eye  threateningly, but it had  uddenly dawned on Harry what Dumbledore wa  about to do, and he could not let it happen. 'No — Profe or Dumbledore -!' 'Be quiet, Harry, or I am afraid you will have to leave my office,'  aid Dumbledore calmly. 'Ye ,  hut up, Potter!' barked Fudge, who wa   till ogling Dumbledore with a kind of horrified delight. 'Well, well, well - I came here tonight expecting to expel Potter and in tead -' 'In tead you get to arre t me,'  aid Dumbledore,  miling. 'It'  like lo ing a Knut and finding a Galleon, i n't it?' 'Wea ley!' cried Fudge, now po itively quivering with delight, 'Wea ley, have you written it all down, everything he'   aid, hi  confe ion, have you got it?' 'Ye ,  ir, I think  o,  ir!'  aid Percy eagerly, who e no e wa   plattered with ink from the  peed of hi  note-taking. The bit about how he'  been trying to build up an army again t the Mini try, how he'  been working to de tabili e me?' 'Ye ,  ir, I've got it, ye !'  aid Percy,  canning hi  note  joyfully. 'Very well, then,'  aid Fudge, now radiant with glee, 'duplicate your note , Wea ley, and  end a copy to the Daily Prophet at once. If we  end a fa t owl we  hould make the morning edition!' Percy da hed from the room,  lamming the door behind him, and Fudge turned back to Dumbledore. 'You will now be e corted back to the Mini try, where you will be formally charged, then  ent to Azkaban to await trial!' 'Ah,'  aid Dumbledore gently, 'ye . Ye , I thought we might hit that little  nag.' 'Snag?'  aid Fudge, hi  voice  till vibrating with joy. 'I  ee no  nag, Dumbledore!' 'Well,'  aid Dumbledore apologetically, 'I'm afraid I do.' 'Oh, really?' 'Well - it'  ju t that you  eem to be labouring under the delu ion that I am going to - what i  the phra e? - come quietly. I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Corneliu . I have ab olutely no intention of being  ent to Azkaban. I could break out, of cour e - but what a wa te of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole ho t of thing  I would rather be doing.' Umbridge'  face wa  growing  teadily redder;  he looked a  though  he wa  being filled with boiling water. Fudge  tared at Dumbledore with a very  illy expre ion on hi  face, a  though he I had ju t been  tunned by a  udden blow and could not quite believe it had happened. He made a  mall choking noi e, then looked round at King ley and the man with  hort grey hair, who alone of everyone in the room had remained entirely  ilent  o far. The latter gave Fudge a rea uring nod and moved forward  a little, away from the wall. Harry  aw hi  hand drift, almo t ca ually, toward  hi  pocket. 'Don't be  illy, Dawli h,'  aid Dumbledore kindly. 'I'm  ure you are an excellent Auror - I  eem to remember that you achieved “Out tanding” in all your NEWT  — but if you attempt to — er — bring me in by force, I will have to hurt you.' The man called Dawli h blinked rather fooli hly. He looked toward  Fudge again, but thi  time  eemed to be hoping for a clue a  to what to do next. 'So,'  neered Fudge, recovering him elf, 'you intend to take on Dawli h, Shacklebolt, Dolore  and my elf  ingle-handed, do you, Dumbledore?' 'Merlin'  beard, no,'  aid Dumbledore,  miling, 'not unle  you are fooli h enough to force me to.' 'He will not be  ingle-handed!'  aid Profe or McGonagall loudly, plunging her hand in ide her robe . 'Oh ye  he will, Minerva!'  aid Dumbledore  harply. 'Hogwart  need  you!' 'Enough of thi  rubbi h!'  aid Fudge, pulling out hi  own wand. 'Dawli h! Shacklebolt! Take him!' A  treak of  ilver light fla hed around the room; there wa  a bang like a gun hot and the floor trembled; a hand grabbed the  cruff of Harry'  neck and forced him down on the floor a  a  econd  ilver fla h went off;  everal of the portrait  yelled, Fawke   creeched and a cloud of du t filled the air. Coughing in the du t, Harry  aw a dark figure fall to the ground with a cra h in front of him; there wa  a  hriek and a thud and  omebody cried, 'No!'; then there wa  the  ound of breaking gla , frantically  cuffling foot tep , a groan… and  ilence. Harry  truggled around to  ee who wa  half- trangling him and  aw Profe or McGonagall crouched be ide him;  he had forced both him and Marietta out of harm'  way. Du t wa   till floating gently down through the air on to them. Panting  lightly, Harry  aw a very tall figure moving toward  them. 'Are you all right?' Dumbledore a ked. 'Ye !'  aid Profe or McGonagall, getting up and dragging Harry and Marietta with her. The du t wa  clearing. The wreckage of the office loomed into view: Dumbledore'  de k had been overturned, all of the  pindly table  had been knocked to the floor, their  ilver in trument  in piece . Fudge, Umbridge, King ley and Dawli h lay motionle  on the floor. Fawke  the phoenix  oared in wide circle  above them,  inging  oftly. 'Unfortunately, I had to hex King ley too, or it would have looked very  u piciou ,'  aid Dumbledore in a low voice. 'He wa  remarkably quick on the uptake, modifying Mi  Edgecombe'  memory like that while everyone wa  looking the other way - thank him, for me, won't you, Minerva? 'Now, they will all awake very  oon and it will be be t if they do not know that we had time to communicate - you mu t act a  though no time ha  pa ed, a  though they were merely knocked to the ground, they will not remember -' 'Where will you go, Dumbledore?' whi pered Profe or McGonagall. 'Grimmauld Place?' 'Oh no,'  aid Dumbledore, with a grim  mile, 'I am not leaving to go into hiding. Fudge will  oon wi h he'd never di lodged me from Hogwart , I promi e you.' 'Profe or Dumbledore…' Harry began. He did not know what to  ay fir t: how  orry he wa  that he had  tarted the DA in the fir t place and cau ed all thi  trouble, or how terrible he felt that Dumbledore wa  leaving to  ave him from expul ion? But Dumbledore cut him off before he could  ay another word. 'Li ten to me, Harry,' he  aid urgently. 'You mu t  tudy Occlumency a  hard a  you can, do you under tand me? Do everything Profe or Snape tell  you and practi e it particularly every night before  leeping  o that you can clo e your mind to bad dream  - you will under tand why  oon enough, but you mu t promi e me -' The man called Dawli h wa   tirring. Dumbledore  eized Harry'  wri t. 'Remember - clo e your mind -' But a  Dumbledore'  finger  clo ed over Harry   kin, a pain  hot through the  car on hi  forehead and he felt again that terrible,  nakelike longing to  trike Dumbledore, to bite him, to hurt him - '- you will under tand,' whi pered Dumbledore. Fawke  circled the office and  wooped low over him. Dumbledore relea ed Harry, rai ed hi  hand and gra ped the phoenix'  long golden tail. There wa  a fla h of fire and the pair of them were gone. 'Where i  he?' yelled Fudge, pu hing him elf up from the floor. 'Where i  he?' 'I don't know!'  houted King ley, al o leaping to hi  feet. 'Well, he can't have Di apparated!' cried Umbridge. 'You can't do it from in ide thi   chool -' 'The  tair !' cried Dawli h, and he flung him elf upon the door, wrenched it open and di appeared, followed clo ely by King ley and Umbridge. Fudge he itated, then got  lowly to hi  feet, bru hing du t from hi  front. There wa  a long and painful  ilence. 'Well, Minerva,'  aid Fudge na tily,  traightening hi  torn  hirt leeve, 'I'm afraid thi  i  the end of your friend Dumbledore.' 'You think  o, do you?'  aid Profe or McGonagall  cornfully. Fudge  eemed not to hear her. He wa  looking around at the wrecked office. A few of the portrait  hi ed at him; one or two even made rude hand ge ture . 'You'd better get tho e two off to bed,'  aid Fudge, looking back at Profe or McGonagall with a di mi ive nod toward  Harry and Marietta. Profe or McGonagall  aid nothing, but marched Harry and Marietta to the door. A  it  wung clo ed behind them, Harry heard Phinea  Nigellu '  voice. 'You know, Mini ter, I di agree with Dumbledore on many count … but you cannot deny he'  got  tyle…' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 28 - Snape'  Wor t Memory BY ORDER OF THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Dolore  Jane Umbridge (High Inqui itor) ha  replaced Albu  Dumbledore a  Head of Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The above i  in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-eight. Signed: Corneliu  O wald Fudge, Mini ter for Magic The notice  had gone up all around the  chool overnight, but they did not explain how every  ingle per on within the ca tle  eemed to know that Dumbledore had overcome two Auror , the High Inqui itor, the Mini ter for Magic and hi  Junior A i tant to e cape. No matter where Harry went within the ca tle, the  ole topic of conver ation wa  Dumbledore'  flight, and though  ome of the detail  may have gone awry in the retelling (Harry overheard one  econd-year girl a uring another that Fudge wa  now lying in St Mungo'  with a pumpkin for a head) it wa   urpri ing how accurate the re t of their information wa . Everybody knew, for in tance, that Harry and Marietta were the only  tudent  to have witne ed the  cene in Dumbledore'  office and, a  Marietta wa  now in the ho pital wing, Harry found him elf be ieged with reque t  to give a fir t-hand account. 'Dumbledore will be back before long,'  aid Ernie Macmillan confidently on the way back from Herbology, after li tening intently to Harry'   tory. They couldn't keep him away in our  econd year and they won't be able to thi  time. The Fat Friar told me -' he dropped hi  voice con piratorially,  o that Harry, Ron and Hermione had to lean clo er to him to hear '- that Umbridge tried to get back into hi  office la t night after they'd  earched the ca tle and ground  for him. Couldn't get pa t the gargoyle. The Head'  office ha   ealed it elf again t her.' Ernie  mirked. 'Apparently,  he had a right little tantrum.' 'Oh, I expect  he really fancied her elf  itting up there in the Head  office,'  aid Hermione viciou ly, a  they walked up the  tone  tep  into the Entrance Hall. 'Lording it over all the other teacher , the  tupid puffed-up, power-crazy old -' 'Now, do you really want to fini h that  entence, Granger?' Draco Malfoy had  lid out from behind the door, clo ely followed by Crabbe and Goyle. Hi  pale, pointed face wa  alight with malice. 'Afraid I'm going to have to dock a few point  from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff,' he drawled. 'It'  only teacher  who can dock point  from hou e , Malfoy,'  aid Ernie at once. 'Yeah, we're prefect , too, remember?'  narled Ron. 'I know prefect  can't dock point , Wea el King,'  neered Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle  niggered. 'But member  of the Inqui itorial Squad -' The whatT  aid Hermione  harply. The Inqui itorial Squad, Granger,'  aid Malfoy, pointing toward  a tiny  ilver 'I on hi  robe  ju t beneath hi  prefect'  badge. 'A  elect group of  tudent  who are  upportive of the Mini try of Magic, hand-picked by Profe or Umbridge. Anyway, member  of the Inqui itorial Squad do have the power to dock point …  o, Granger, I'll have five from you for being rude about our new Headmi tre . Macmillan, five for contradicting me. Five becau e I don't like you, Potter. Wea ley, your  hirt  untucked,  o I'll have another five for that. Oh yeah, I forgot, you're a Mudblood, Granger,  o ten off for that.' Ron pulled out hi  wand, but Hermione pu hed it away, whi pering, 'Don't!' 'Wi e move, Granger,' breathed Malfoy. 'New Head, new time  … be good now, Potty… Wea el King…' Laughing heartily, he  trode away with Crabbe and Goyle. 'He wa  bluffing,'  aid Ernie, looking appalled. 'He can't be allowed to dock point … that would be ridiculou … it would completely undermine the prefect  y tem.' But Harry, Ron and Hermione had turned automatically toward  the giant hour-gla e   et in niche  along the wall behind them, which recorded the hou e-point . Gryffindor and Ravenclaw had been neck and neck in the lead that morning. Even a  they watched,  tone  flew upward , reducing the amount  in the lower bulb . In fact, the only gla  that  eemed unchanged wa  the emerald-filled one of Slytherin. 'Noticed, have you?'  aid Fred'  voice. He and George had ju t come down the marble  tairca e and joined Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ernie in front of the hour-gla e . 'Malfoy ju t docked u  all about fifty point ,'  aid Harry furiou ly, a  they watched  everal more  tone  fly upward  from the Gryffindor hour-gla . 'Yeah, Montague tried to do u  during break,'  aid George. 'What do you mean, “tried”?'  aid Ron quickly. 'He never managed to get all the word  out,'  aid Fred, 'due to the fact that we forced him head-fir t into that Vani hing Cabinet on the fir t floor.' Hermione looked very  hocked. 'But you'll get into terrible trouble!' 'Not until Montague reappear , and that could take week , I dunno where we  ent him,'  aid Fred coolly. 'Anyway… we've decided we don't care about getting into trouble any more.' 'Have you ever?' a ked Hermione. 'Cour e we have,'  aid George. 'Never been expelled, have we?' 'We've alway  known where to draw the line,'  aid Fred. 'We might have put a toe acro  it occa ionally,'  aid George. 'But we've alway   topped  hort of cau ing real mayhem,'  aid Fred. 'But now?'  aid Ron tentatively. 'Well, now -'  aid George. '- what with Dumbledore gone -'  aid Fred. '- we reckon a bit of mayhem —'  aid George. '— i  exactly what our dear new Head de erve ,'  aid Fred. 'You mu tn't!' whi pered Hermione. 'You really mu tn't! She'd love a rea on to expel you!' 'You don't get it, Hermione, do you?'  aid Fred,  miling at her. 'We don't care about  taying any more. We'd walk out right now if we weren't determined to do our bit for Dumbledore fir t. So, anyway,' he checked hi  watch, 'pha e one i  about to begin. I'd get in the Great Hall for lunch, if I were you, that way the teacher  will  ee you can't have had anything to do with it.' 'Anything to do with what?'  aid Hermione anxiou ly. 'You'll  ee,'  aid George. 'Run along, now.' Fred and George turned away and di appeared into the  welling crowd de cending the  tair  toward  lunch. Looking highly di concerted, Ernie muttered  omething about unfini hed Tran figuration homework and  curried away. 'I think we  hould get out of here, you know,'  aid Hermione nervou ly. 'Ju t in ca e 'Yeah, all right,'  aid Ron, and the three of them moved toward  the door  to the Great Hall, but Harry had barely glimp ed the day'  ceiling of  cudding white cloud  when  omebody tapped him on the  houlder and, turning, he found him elf almo t no e-to-no e with Filch the caretaker. He took  everal ha ty  tep  backward ; Filch wa  be t viewed at a di tance. The Headmi tre  would like to  ee you, Potter,' he leered. 'I didn't do it,'  aid Harry  tupidly, thinking of whatever Fred and George were planning. Filch'  jowl  wobbled with  ilent laughter. 'Guilty con cience, eh?' he wheezed. 'Follow me.' Harry glanced back at Ron and Hermione, who were both looking worried. He  hrugged, and followed Filch back into the Entrance Hall, again t the tide of hungry  tudent . Filch  eemed to be in an extremely good mood; he hummed creakily under hi  breath a  they climbed the marble  tairca e. A  they reached the fir t landing he  aid, Thing  are changing around here, Potter.' 'I've noticed,'  aid Harry coldly. 'Yer e… I've been telling Dumbledore for year  and year  he'  too  oft with you all,'  aid Filch, chuckling na tily. 'You filthy little bea t  would never have dropped Stink Pellet  if you'd known I had it in my power to whip you raw, would you, now? Nobody would have thought of throwing Fanged Fri bee  down the corridor  if I could've  trung you up by the ankle  in my office, would they? But when Educational Decree Number Twenty-nine come  in, Potter, I'll be allowed to do them thing … and  he'  a ked the Mini ter to  ign an order for the expul ion of Peeve … oh, thing  are going to be very different around here with her in charge Umbridge had obviou ly gone to  ome length  to get Filch on her  ide, Harry thought, and the wor t of it wa  that he would probably prove an important weapon; hi  knowledge of the  chool'   ecret pa ageway  and hiding place  wa  probably  econd only to that of the Wea ley twin . 'Here we are,' he  aid, leering down at Harry a  he rapped three time  on Profe or Umbridge'  door and pu hed it open. The Potter boy to  ee you, Ma'am.' Umbridge'  office,  o very familiar to Harry from hi  many detention , wa  the  ame a  u ual except for the large wooden block lying acro  the front of her de k on which golden letter   pelled the word: HEADMISTRESS. Al o, hi  Firebolt and Fred and George'  Clean weep , which he  aw with a pang, were chained and padlocked to a  tout iron peg in the wall behind the de k. Umbridge wa   itting behind the de k, bu ily  cribbling on  ome of her pink parchment, but  he looked up and  miled widely at their entrance. Thank you, Argu ,'  he  aid  weetly. 'Not at all, Ma'am, not at all,'  aid Filch, bowing a  low a  hi  rheumati m would permit, and exiting backward . 'Sit,'  aid Umbridge curtly, pointing toward  a chair. Harry  at. She continued to  cribble for a few moment . He watched  ome of the foul kitten  gambolling around the plate  over her head, wondering what fre h horror  he had in  tore for him. 'Well, now,'  he  aid finally,  etting down her quill and  urveying him complacently, like a toad about to  wallow a particularly juicy fly. 'What would you like to drink?' 'What?'  aid Harry, quite  ure he had mi heard her. To drink, Mr Potter,'  he  aid,  miling  till more widely. Tea? Coffee? Pumpkin juice?' A   he named each drink,  he gave her  hort wand a wave, and a cup or gla  of it appeared on her de k. 'Nothing, thank you,'  aid Harry. 'I wi h you to have a drink with me,'  he  aid, her voice becoming dangerou ly  weet. 'Choo e one.' 'Fine… tea then,'  aid Harry,  hrugging. She got up and made quite a performance of adding milk with her back to him. She then bu tled around the de k with it,  miling in a  ini terly  weet fa hion. There,'  he  aid, handing it to him. 'Drink it before it get  cold, won't you? Well, now, Mr Potter… I thought we ought to have a little chat, after the di tre ing event  of la t night.' He  aid nothing. She  ettled her elf back into her  eat and waited. When  everal long moment  had pa ed in  ilence,  he  aid gaily, 'You're not drinking up!' He rai ed the cup to hi  lip  and then, ju t a   uddenly, lowered it. One of the horrible painted kitten  behind Umbridge had great round blue eye  ju t like Mad-Eye Moody'  magical one and it had ju t occurred to Harry what Mad-Eye would  ay if he ever heard that Harry had drunk anything offered by a known enemy. 'What'  the matter?'  aid Umbridge, who wa   till watching him clo ely. 'Do you want  ugar?' 'No,'  aid Harry. He rai ed the cup to hi  lip  again and pretended to take a  ip, though keeping hi  mouth tightly clo ed. Umbridge'   mile widened. 'Good,'  he whi pered. 'Very good. Now then…' She leaned forward  a little. 'Where i  Albu  Dumbledore?' 'No idea,'  aid Harry promptly. 'Drink up, drink up,'  he  aid,  till  miling. 'Now, Mr Potter, let u  not play childi h game . I know that you know where he ha  gone. You and Dumbledore have been in thi  together from the beginning. Con ider your po ition, Mr Potter…' 'I don't know where he i ,' Harry repeated. He pretended to drink again. She wa  watching him very clo ely. 'Very well,'  he  aid, though  he looked di plea ed. 'In that ca e, you will kindly tell me the whereabout  of Siriu  Black.' Harry'   tomach turned over and hi  hand holding the teacup  hook  o that it rattled in it   aucer. He tilted the cup to hi  mouth with hi  lip  pre ed together,  o that  ome of the hot liquid trickled down on to hi  robe . 'I don't know,' he  aid, a little too quickly. 'Mr Potter,'  aid Umbridge, 'let me remind you that it wa  I who almo t caught the criminal Black in the Gryffindor fire in October. I know perfectly well it wa  you he wa  meeting and if I had had any proof neither of you would be at large today, I promi e you. I repeat, Mr Potter… where i  Siriu  Black?' 'No idea,'  aid Harry loudly. 'Haven't got a clue.' They  tared at each other  o long that Harry felt hi  eye  watering. Then Umbridge  tood up. 'Very well, Potter, I will take your word for it thi  time, but be warned: the might of the Mini try  tand  behind me. All channel  of communication in and out of thi   chool are being monitored. A Floo Network Regulator i  keeping watch over every fire in Hogwart  - except my own, of cour e. My Inqui itorial Squad i  opening and reading all owl po t entering and leaving the ca tle. And Mr Filch i  ob erving all  ecret pa age  in and out of the ca tle. If I find a  hred of evidence…' BOOM! The very floor of the office  hook. Umbridge  lipped  ideway , clutching her de k for  upport, and looking  hocked. 'What wa  -?' She wa  gazing toward  the door. Harry took the opportunity to empty hi  almo t-full cup of tea into the neare t va e of dried flower . He could hear people running and  creaming  everal floor  below. 'Back to lunch you go, Potter!' cried Umbridge, rai ing her wand and da hing out of the office. Harry gave her a few  econd '  tart, then hurried after her to  ee what the  ource of all the uproar wa . It wa  not difficult to find. One floor down, pandemonium reigned. Somebody (and Harry had a very  hrewd idea who) had  et off what  eemed to be an enormou  crate of enchanted firework . Dragon  compri ed entirely of green and gold  park  were  oaring up and down the corridor , emitting loud fiery bla t  and bang  a  they went;  hocking-pink Catherine wheel  five feet in diameter were whizzing lethally through the air like  o many flying  aucer ; rocket  with long tail  of brilliant  ilver  tar  were ricocheting off the wall ;  parkler  were writing  wear word  in midair of their own accord; firecracker  were exploding like mine  everywhere Harry looked, and in tead of burning them elve  out, fading from  ight or fizzling to a halt, the e pyrotechnical miracle   eemed to be gaining in energy and momentum the longer he watched. Filch and Umbridge were  tanding, apparently tran fixed in horror, halfway down the  tair . A  Harry watched, one of the larger Catherine wheel   eemed to decide that what it needed wa  more room to manoeuvre; it whirled toward  Umbridge and Filch with a  ini ter 'wheeeeeeeeee'. They both yelled with fright and ducked, and it  oared  traight out of the window behind them and off acro  the ground . Meanwhile,  everal of the dragon  and a large purple bat that wa   moking ominou ly took advantage of the open door at the end of the corridor to e cape toward  the  econd floor. 'Hurry, Filch, hurry!'  hrieked Umbridge, 'they'll be all over the  chool unle  we do  omething - Stupefy]' A jet of red light  hot out of the end of her wand and hit one of the rocket . In tead of freezing in midair, it exploded with  uch force that it bla ted a hole in a painting of a  oppy-looking witch in the middle of a meadow;  he ran for it ju t in time, reappearing  econd  later  qua hed into the next painting, where a couple of wizard  playing card   tood up ha tily to make room for her. 'Don't Stun them, Filch!'  houted Umbridge angrily, for all the world a  though it had been hi  incantation. 'Right you are, Headmi tre !' wheezed Filch, who a  a Squib could no more have Stunned the firework  than  wallowed them. He da hed to a nearby cupboard, pulled out a broom and began  watting at the firework  in midair; within  econd  the head of the broom wa  ablaze. Harry had  een enough; laughing, he ducked down low, ran to a door he knew wa  concealed behind a tape try a little way along the corridor and  lipped through it to find Fred and George hiding ju t behind it, li tening to Umbridge and Filch'  yell  and quaking with  uppre ed mirth. 'Impre ive,' Harry  aid quietly, grinning. 'Very impre ive… you'll put Dr Filibu ter out of bu ine , no problem…' 'Cheer ,' whi pered George, wiping tear  of laughter from hi  face. 'Oh, I hope  he trie  Vani hing them next… they multiply by ten every time you try.' The firework  continued to burn and to  pread all over the  chool that afternoon. Though they cau ed plenty of di ruption, particularly the firecracker , the other teacher  didn't  eem to mind them very much. 'Dear, dear,'  aid Profe or McGonagall  ardonically, a  one of the dragon   oared around her cla room, emitting loud bang  and exhaling flame. 'Mi  Brown, would you mind running along to the Headmi tre  and informing her that we have an e caped firework in our cla room?' The up hot of it all wa  that Profe or Umbridge  pent her fir t afternoon a  Headmi tre  running all over the  chool an wering the  ummon e  of the other teacher , none of whom  eemed able to rid their room  of the firework  without her. When the final bell rang and they were heading back to Gryffindor Tower with their bag , Harry  aw, with immen e  ati faction, a di hevelled and  oot-blackened Umbridge tottering  weaty-faced from Profe or Flitwick'  cla room. Thank you  o much, Profe or!'  aid Profe or Flitwick in hi   queaky little voice. 'I could have got rid of the  parkler  my elf, of cour e, but I wa n't  ure whether or not I had the authority.' Beaming, he clo ed hi  cla room door in her  narling face. Fred and George were heroe  that night in the Gryffindor common room. Even Hermione fought her way through the excited crowd to congratulate them. They were wonderful firework ,'  he  aid admiringly. Thank ,'  aid George, looking both  urpri ed and plea ed. 'Wea ley ' Wildfire Whiz-bang . Only thing i , we u ed our whole  tock; we're going to have to  tart again from  cratch now.' 'It wa  worth it, though,'  aid Fred, who wa  taking order  from clamouring Gryffindor . 'If you want to add your name to the waiting li t, Hermione, it'  five Galleon  for your Ba ic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe…' Hermione returned to the table where Harry and Ron were  itting  taring at their  choolbag  a  though hoping their homework would  pring out and  tart doing it elf. 'Oh, why don't we have a night off?'  aid Hermione brightly, a  a  ilver-tailed Wea ley rocket zoomed pa t the window. 'After all, the Ea ter holiday   tart on Friday, we'll have plenty of time then.' 'Are you feeling all right?' Ron a ked,  taring at her in di belief. 'Now you mention it,'  aid Hermione happily,'d'you know… I think I'm feeling a bit… rebelliou .' Harry could  till hear the di tant bang  of e caped firecracker  when he and Ron went up to bed an hour later; and a  he got undre ed a  parkler floated pa t the tower,  till re olutely  pelling out the word TOO'. He got into bed, yawning. With hi  gla e  off, the occa ional firework pa ing the window had become blurred, looking like  parkling cloud , beautiful and my teriou  again t the black  ky. He turned on to hi   ide, wondering how Umbridge wa  feeling about her fir t day in Dumbledore'  job, and how Fudge would react when he heard that the  chool had  pent mo t of the day in a  tate of advanced di ruption. Smiling to him elf, Harry clo ed hi  eye … The whizze  and bang  of e caped firework  in the ground   eemed to be growing more di tant… or perhap  he wa   imply  peeding away from them… He had fallen right into the corridor leading to the Department of My terie . He wa   peeding toward  the plain black door… let it open… let it open… It did. He wa  in ide the circular room lined with door … he cro ed it, placed hi  hand on an identical door and it  wung inward … Now he wa  in a long, rectangular room full of an odd mechanical clicking. There were dancing fleck  of light on the wall  but he did not pau e to inve tigate… he had to go on… There wa  a door at the far end… it, too, opened at hi  touch… And now he wa  in a dimly lit room a  high and wide a  a church, full of nothing but row  and row  of towering  helve , each laden with  mall, du ty,  pun-gla   phere … now Harry  heart wa  beating fa t with excitement… he knew where to go… he ran forward , but hi  foot tep  made no noi e in the enormou , de erted room… There wa   omething in thi  room he wanted very, very much… Something he wanted… or  omebody el e wanted… Hi   car wa  hurting… BANG! Harry awoke in tantly, confu ed and angry. The dark dormitory wa  full of the  ound of laughter. 'Cool!'  aid Seamu , who wa   ilhouetted again t the window. 'I think one of tho e Catherine wheel  hit a rocket and it'  like they mated, come and  ee!' Harry heard Ron and Dean  cramble out of bed for a better look. He lay quite  till and  ilent while the pain in hi   car  ub ided and di appointment wa hed over him. He felt a  though a wonderful treat had been  natched from him at the very la t moment… he had got  o clo e that time. Glittering pink and  ilver winged piglet  were now  oaring pa t the window  of Gryffindor Tower. Harry lay and li tened to the appreciative whoop  of Gryffindor  in the dormitorie  below them. Hi   tomach gave a  ickening jolt a  he remembered that he had Occlumency the following evening. * Harry  pent the whole of the next day dreading what Snape wa  going to  ay if he found out how much further into the Department of My terie  Harry had penetrated during hi  la t dream. With a  urge of guilt he reali ed that he had not practi ed Occlumency once  ince their la t le on: there had been too much going on  ince Dumbledore had left; he wa   ure he would not have been able to empty hi  mind even if he had tried. He doubted, however, whether Snape would accept that excu e. He attempted a little la t-minute practice during cla e  that day, but it wa  no good. Hermione kept a king him what wa  wrong whenever he fell  ilent trying to rid him elf of all thought and emotion and, after all, the be t moment to empty hi  brain wa  not while teacher  were firing revi ion que tion  at the cla . Re igned to the wor t, he  et off for Snape'  office after dinner. Halfway acro  the Entrance Hall, however, Cho came hurrying up to him. 'Over here,'  aid Harry, glad of a rea on to po tpone hi  meeting with Snape, and beckoning her acro  to the corner of the Entrance Hall where the giant hour-gla e   tood. Gryffindor'  wa  now almo t empty. 'Are you OK? Umbridge ha n't been a king you about the DA, ha   he?' 'Oh, no,'  aid Cho hurriedly. 'No, it wa  only… well, I ju t wanted to  ay… Harry, I never dreamed Marietta would tell…' 'Yeah, well,'  aid Harry moodily. He did feel Cho might have cho en her friend  a bit more carefully; it wa   mall con olation that the la t he had heard, Marietta wa   till up in the ho pital wing and Madam Pomfrey had not been able to make the  lighte t improvement to her pimple . 'She'  a lovely per on really,'  aid Cho. 'She ju t made a mi take -' Harry looked at her incredulou ly. 'A lovely per on who made a mi take? She  old u  all out, including you!' 'Well… we all got away, didn't we?'  aid Cho pleadingly. 'You know, her mum work  for the Mini try, it'  really difficult for her -' 'Ron'  dad work  for the Mini try too!' Harry  aid furiou ly. 'And in ca e you hadn't noticed, he ha n't got  neak written acro  hi  face -' That wa  a really horrible trick of Hermione Granger' ,'  aid Cho fiercely. 'She  hould have told u   he'd jinxed that li t -' 'I think it wa  a brilliant idea,'  aid Harry coldly. Cho flu hed and her eye  grew brighter. 'Oh ye , I forgot - of cour e, if it wa  darling Hermione'  idea -' 'Don't  tart crying again,'  aid Harry warningly. 'I wa n't going to!'  he  houted. 'Yeah… well… good,' he  aid. I've got enough to cope with at the moment.' 'Go and cope with it then!' Cho  aid furiou ly, turning on her heel and  talking off. Fuming, Harry de cended the  tair  to Snape'  dungeon and, though he knew from experience how much ea ier it would be for Snape to penetrate hi  mind if he arrived angry and re entful, he  ucceeded in nothing but thinking of a few more thing  he  hould have  aid to Cho about Marietta before reaching the dungeon door. 'You're late, Potter,'  aid Snape coldly, a  Harry clo ed the door behind him. Snape wa   tanding with hi  back to Harry, removing, a  u ual, certain of hi  thought  and placing them carefully in Dumbledore  Pen ieve. He dropped the la t  ilvery  trand into the  tone ba in and turned to face Harry. 'So,' he  aid. 'Have you been practi ing?' 'Ye ,' Harry lied, looking carefully at one of the leg  of Snape'  de k. 'Well, we'll  oon find out, won't we?'  aid Snape  moothly. 'Wand out, Potter.' Harry moved into hi  u ual po ition, facing Snape with the de k between them. Hi  heart wa  pumping fa t with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much Snape wa  about to extract from hi  mind. 'On the count of three then,'  aid Snape lazily. 'One - two -' Snape'  office door banged open and Draco Malfoy  ped in. 'Profe or Snape,  ir - oh -  orry -' Malfoy wa  looking at Snape and Harry in  ome  urpri e. 'It'  all right, Draco,'  aid Snape, lowering hi  wand. 'Potter i  here for a little remedial Potion .' Harry had not  een Malfoy look  o gleeful  ince Umbridge had turned up to in pect Hagrid. 'I didn't know,' he  aid, leering at Harry, who knew hi  face wa  burning. He would have given a great deal to be able to  hout the truth at Malfoy - or, even better, to hit him with a good cur e. 'Well, Draco, what i  it?' a ked Snape. 'It'  Profe or Umbridge,  ir -  he need  your help,'  aid Malfoy. They've found Montague,  ir, he'  turned up jammed in ide a toilet on the fourth floor.' 'How did he get in there?' demanded Snape. 'I don't know,  ir, he'  a bit confu ed.' 'Very well, very well. Potter,'  aid Snape, 'we  hall re ume thi  le on tomorrow evening.' He turned and  wept from hi  office. Malfoy mouthed, 'Remedial Potion ?' at Harry behind Snape'  back before following him. Seething, Harry replaced hi  wand in ide hi  robe  and made to leave the room. At lea t he had twenty-four more hour  in which to practi e; he knew he ought to feel grateful for the narrow e cape, though it wa  hard that it came at the expen e of Malfoy telling the whole  chool that he needed remedial Potion . He wa  at the office door when he  aw it: a patch of  hivering light dancing on the doorframe. He  topped, and  tood looking at it, reminded of  omething… then he remembered: it wa  a little like the light  he had  een in hi  dream la t night, the light  in the  econd room he had walked through on hi  journey through the Department of My terie . He turned around. The light wa  coming from the Pen ieve  itting on Snape'  de k. The  ilver-white content  were ebbing and  wirling within. Snape'  thought … thing  he did not want Harry to  ee if he broke through Snape'  defence  accidentally… Harry gazed at the Pen ieve, curio ity welling in ide him… what wa  it that Snape wa   o keen to hide from Harry? The  ilvery light   hivered on the wall… Harry took two  tep  toward  the de k, thinking hard. Could it po ibly be information about the Department of My terie  that Snape wa  determined to keep from him? Harry looked over hi   houlder, hi  heart now pumping harder and fa ter than ever. How long would it take Snape to relea e Montague from the toilet? Would he come  traight back to hi  office afterward , or accompany Montague to the ho pital wing? Surely the latter… Montague wa  Captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team, Snape would want to make  ure he wa  all right. Harry walked the remaining few feet to the Pen ieve and  tood over it, gazing into it  depth . He he itated, li tening, then pulled out hi  wand again. The office and the corridor beyond were completely  ilent. He gave the content  of the Pen ieve a  mall prod with the end of hi  wand. The  ilvery  tuff within began to  wirl very fa t. Harry leaned forward  over it and  aw that it had become tran parent. He wa , once again, looking down into a room a  though through a circular window in the ceiling… in fact, unle  he wa  much mi taken, he wa  looking down into the Great Hall. Hi  breath wa  actually fogging the  urface of Snape'  thought … hi  brain  eemed to be in limbo… it would be in ane to do the thing he wa   o  trongly tempted to do… he wa  trembling… Snape could be back at any moment… but Harry thought of Cho  anger, of Malfoy'  jeering face, and a reckle  daring  eized him. He took a great gulp of breath, and plunged hi  face into the  urface of Snape'  thought . At once, the floor of the office lurched, tipping Harry head-fir t into the Pen ieve… He wa  falling through cold blackne ,  pinning furiou ly a  he went, and then - He wa   tanding in the middle of the Great Hall, but the four hou e table  were gone. In tead, there were more than a hundred  maller table , all facing the  ame way, at each of which  at a  tudent, head bent low,  cribbling on a roll of parchment. The only  ound wa  the  cratching of quill  and the occa ional ru tle a   omebody adju ted their parchment. It wa  clearly exam time. Sun hine wa   treaming through the high window  on to the bent head , which  hone che tnut and copper and gold in the bright light. Harry looked around carefully. Snape had to be here  omewhere… thi  wa  hi  memory… And there he wa , at a table right behind Harry. Harry  tared. Snape-the-teenager had a  tringy, pallid look about him, like a plant kept in the dark. Hi  hair wa  lank and grea y and wa  flopping on to the table, hi  hooked no e barely half an inch from the  urface of the parchment a  he  cribbled. Harry moved around behind Snape and read the heading of the examination paper: DEFENCE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS - ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL. So Snape had to be fifteen or  ixteen, around Harry'  own age. Hi  hand wa  flying acro  the parchment; he had written at lea t a foot more than hi  clo e t neighbour , and yet hi  writing wa  minu cule and cramped. 'Five more minute !' The voice made Harry jump. Turning, he  aw the top of Profe or Flitwick'  head moving between the de k  a  hort di tance away. Profe or Flitwick wa  walking pa t a boy with untidy black hair… very untidy black hair… Harry moved  o quickly that, had he been  olid, he would have knocked de k  flying. In tead he  eemed to  lide, dreamlike, acro  two ai le  and up a third. The back of the black-haired boy'  head drew nearer and… he wa   traightening up now, putting down hi  quill, pulling hi  roll of parchment toward  him  o a  to reread what he had written… Harry  topped in front of the de k and gazed down at hi  fifteen-year-old father. Excitement exploded in the pit of hi   tomach: it wa  a  though he wa  looking at him elf but with deliberate mi take . Jame '  eye  were hazel, hi  no e wa   lightly longer than Harry'  and there wa  no  car on hi  forehead, but they had the  ame thin face,  ame mouth,  ame eyebrow ; Jame '  hair  tuck up at the back exactly a  Harry'  did, hi  hand  could have been Harry'  and Harry could tell that, when Jame   tood up, they would be within an inch of each other in height. Jame  yawned hugely and rumpled up hi  hair, making it even me ier than it had been. Then, with a glance toward  Profe or Flitwick, he turned in hi   eat and grinned at a boy  itting four  eat  behind him. With another  hock of excitement, Harry  aw Siriu  give Jame  the thumb -up. Siriu  wa . lounging in hi  chair at hi  ea e, tilting it back on two leg . He wa  very good-looking; hi  dark hair fell into hi  eye  with a  ort of ca ual elegance neither Jame '  nor Harry'  could ever have achieved, and a girl  itting behind him wa  eyeing him hopefully, though he didn't  eem to have noticed. And two  eat  along from thi  girl - Harry'   tomach gave another plea urable  quirm - wa  Remu  Lupin. He looked rather pale and peaky (wa  the full moon approaching?) and wa  ab orbed in the exam: a  he reread hi  an wer , he  cratched hi  chin with the end of hi  quill, frowning  lightly. So that meant Wormtail had to be around here  omewhere, too… and  ure enough, Harry  potted him within  econd : a  mall, mou y-haired boy with a pointed no e. Wormtail looked anxiou ; he wa  chewing hi  fingernail ,  taring down at hi  paper,  cuffing the ground with hi  toe . Every now and then he glanced hopefully at hi  neighbour  paper. Harry  tared at Wormtail for a moment, then back at Jame , who wa  now doodling on a bit of  crap parchment. He had drawn a Snitch and wa  now tracing the letter  'L.E.'. What did they  tand for? 'Quill  down, plea e!'  queaked Profe or Flitwick. That mean  you too, Stebbin ! Plea e remain  eated while I collect your parchment! Accio!' Over a hundred roll  of parchment zoomed into the air and into Profe or Flitwick'  out tretched arm , knocking him backward  off hi  feet. Several people laughed. A couple of  tudent  at the front de k  got up, took hold of Profe or Flitwick beneath the elbow  and lifted him back on to hi  feet. Thank you… thank you,' panted Profe or Flitwick. 'Very well, everybody, you're free to go!' Harry looked down at hi  father, who had ha tily cro ed out the 'L.E.' he had been embelli hing, jumped to hi  feet,  tuffed hi  quill and the exam paper into hi  bag, which he  lung over hi  back, and  tood waiting for Siriu  to join him. Harry looked around and glimp ed Snape a  hort way away, moving between the table  toward  the door  to the Entrance Hall,  till ab orbed in hi  own exam paper. Round- houldered yet angular, he walked in a twitchy manner that recalled a  pider, and hi  oily hair wa  jumping about hi  face. A gang of chattering girl   eparated Snape from Jame , Siriu  and Lupin, and by planting him elf in their mid t, Harry managed to keep Snape in  ight while  training hi  ear  to catch the voice  of Jame  and hi  friend . 'Did you like que tion ten, Moony?' a ked Siriu  a  they emerged into the Entrance Hall. 'Loved it,'  aid Lupin bri kly. 'Give five  ign  that identify the werewolf. Excellent que tion.' 'D'you think you managed to get all the  ign ?'  aid Jame  in tone  of mock concern. Think I did,'  aid Lupin  eriou ly, a  they joined the crowd thronging around the front door  eager to get out into the  unlit ground . 'One: he'   itting on my chair. Two: he'  wearing my clothe . Three: hi  name'  Remu  Lupin.' Wormtail wa  the only one who didn't laugh. 'I got the  nout  hape, the pupil  of the eye  and the tufted tail,' he  aid anxiou ly, 'but I couldn't think what el e -' 'How thick are you, Wormtail?'  aid Jame  impatiently. 'You run round with a werewolf once a month -' 'Keep your voice down,' implored Lupin. Harry looked anxiou ly behind him again. Snape remained clo e by,  till buried in hi  exam que tion  - but thi  wa  Snape'  memory and Harry wa   ure that if Snape cho e to wander off in a different direction once out ide in the ground , he, Harry, would not be able to follow Jame  any further. To hi  inten e relief, however, when Jame  and hi  three friend   trode off down the lawn toward  the lake, Snape followed,  till poring over the exam paper and apparently with no fixed idea of where he wa  going. By keeping a little ahead of him, Harry managed to maintain a clo e watch on Jame  and the other . 'Well, I thought that paper wa  a piece of cake,' he heard Siriu   ay. Til be  urpri ed if I don't get “Out tanding” on it at lea t.' 'Me too,'  aid Jame . He put hi  hand in hi  pocket and took out a  truggling Golden Snitch. 'Where'd you get that?' 'Nicked it,'  aid Jame  ca ually. He  tarted playing with the Snitch, allowing it to fly a  much a  a foot away before  eizing it again; hi  reflexe  were excellent. Wormtail watched him in awe. They  topped in the  hade of the very  ame beech tree on the edge of the lake where Harry, Ron and Hermione had once  pent a Sunday fini hing their homework, and threw them elve  down on the gra . Harry looked over hi   houlder yet again and  aw, to hi  delight, that Snape had  ettled him elf on the gra  in the den e  hadow of a clump of bu he . He wa  a  deeply immer ed in the OWL paper a  ever, which left Harry free to  it down on the gra  between the beech and the bu he  and watch the four ome under the tree. The  unlight wa  dazzling on the  mooth  urface of the lake, on the bank of which the group of laughing girl  who had ju t left the Great Hall were  itting, with their  hoe  and  ock  off, cooling their feet in the water. Lupin had pulled out a book and wa  reading. Siriu   tared around at the  tudent  milling over the gra , looking rather haughty and bored, but very hand omely  o. Jame  wa   till playing with the Snitch, letting it zoom further and further away, almo t e caping but alway  grabbed at the la t  econd. Wormtail wa  watching him with hi  mouth open. Every time Jame  made a particularly difficult catch, Wormtail ga ped and applauded. After five minute  of thi , Harry wondered why Jame  didn't tell Wormtail to get a grip on him elf, but Jame   eemed to be enjoying the attention. Harry noticed that hi  father had a habit of rumpling up hi  hair a  though to keep it from getting too tidy, and he al o kept looking over at the girl  by the water'  edge. Tut that away, will you,'  aid Siriu  finally, a  Jame  made a fine catch and Wormtail let out a cheer, 'before Wormtail wet  him elf with excitement.' Wormtail turned  lightly pink, but Jame  grinned. 'If it bother  you,' he  aid,  tuffing the Snitch back in hi  pocket. Harry had the di tinct impre ion that Siriu  wa  the only one for whom Jame  would have  topped  howing off. 'I'm bored,'  aid Siriu . 'Wi h it wa  full moon.' 'You might,'  aid Lupin darkly from behind hi  book. 'We've  till got Tran figuration, if you're bored you could te t me. Here…" and he held out hi  book. But Siriu   norted. 'I don't need to look at that rubbi h, I know it all.' Thi 'll liven you up, Padfoot,'  aid Jame  quietly. 'Look who it i …' Siriu '  head turned. He became very  till, like a dog that ha   cented a rabbit. 'Excellent,' he  aid  oftly. 'Snivellu .' Harry turned to  ee what Siriu  wa  looking at. Snape wa  on hi  feet again, and wa   towing the OWL paper in hi  bag. A  he left the  hadow  of the bu he  and  et off acro  the gra , Siriu  and Jame   tood up. Lupin and Wormtail remained  itting: Lupin wa   till  taring down at hi  book, though hi  eye  were not moving and a faint frown line had appeared between hi  eyebrow ; Wormtail wa  looking from Siriu  and Jame  to Snape with a look of avid anticipation on hi  face. 'All right, Snivellu ?'  aid Jame  loudly. Snape reacted  o fa t it wa  a  though he had been expecting an attack: dropping hi  bag, he plunged hi  hand in ide hi  robe  and hi  wand wa  halfway into the air when Jame   houted, 'Expelliarmu !' Snape'  wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with a little thud in the gra  behind him. Siriu  let out a bark of laughter. 'Impedimenta!' he  aid, pointing hi  wand at Snape, who wa  knocked off hi  feet halfway through a dive toward  hi  own fallen wand. Student  all around had turned to watch. Some of them had got to their feet and were edging nearer. Some looked apprehen ive, other  entertained. Snape lay panting on the ground. Jame  and Siriu  advanced on him, wand  rai ed, Jame  glancing over hi   houlder at the girl  at the water'  edge a  he went. Wormtail wa  on hi  feet now, watching hungrily, edging around Lupin to get a clearer view. 'How'd the exam go, Snivelly?'  aid Jame . 'I wa  watching him, hi  no e wa  touching the parchment,'  aid Siriu  viciou ly. There'll be great grea e mark  all over it, they won't be able to read a word.' Several people watching laughed; Snape wa  clearly unpopular. Wormtail  niggered  hrilly. Snape wa  trying to get up, but the jinx wa   till operating on him; he wa   truggling, a  though bound by invi ible rope . 'You - wait,' he panted,  taring up at Jame  with an expre ion of pure t loathing, 'you - wait!' 'Wait for what?'  aid Siriu  coolly. 'What're you going to do, Snivelly, wipe your no e on u ?' Snape let out a  tream of mixed  wear word  and hexe , but with hi  wand ten feet away nothing happened. 'Wa h out your mouth,'  aid Jame  coldly. 'Scourgify!' Pink  oap bubble   treamed from Snape'  mouth at once; the froth wa  covering hi  lip , making him gag, choking him - 'Leave him ALONE!' Jame  and Siriu  looked round. Jame '  free hand immediately jumped to hi  hair. It wa  one of the girl  from the lake edge. She had thick, dark red hair that fell to her  houlder , and  tartlingly green almond- haped eye  - Harry'  eye . Harry'  mother. 'All right, Evan ?'  aid Jame , and the tone of hi  voice wa   uddenly plea ant, deeper, more mature. 'Leave him alone,' Lily repeated. She wa  looking at Jame  with every  ign of great di like. 'What'  he done to you?' 'Well,'  aid Jame , appearing to deliberate the point, 'it'  more the fact that he exi t , if you know what I mean…' Many of the  urrounding  tudent  laughed, Siriu  and Wormtail included, but Lupin,  till apparently intent on hi  book, didn't, and nor did Lily. 'You think you're funny,'  he  aid coldly. 'But you're ju t an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter. Leave him alone.' 'I will if you go out with me, Evan ,'  aid Jame  quickly. 'Go on… go out with me and I'll never lay a wand on old Snivelly again.' Behind him, the Impediment Jinx wa  wearing off. Snape wa  beginning to inch toward  hi  fallen wand,  pitting out  oap ud  a  he crawled. 'I wouldn't go out with you if it wa  a choice between you and the giant  quid,'  aid Lily. 'Bad luck, Prong ,'  aid Siriu  bri kly, and turned back to Snape. 'OI!' But too late; Snape had directed hi  wand  traight at Jame ; there wa  a fla h of light and a ga h appeared on the  ide of Jame '  face,  pattering hi  robe  with blood. Jame  whirled about: a  econd fla h of light later, Snape wa  hanging up ide-down in the air, hi  robe  falling over hi  head to reveal  kinny, pallid leg  and a pair of greying underpant . Many people in the  mall crowd cheered; Siriu , Jame  and Wormtail roared with laughter. Lily, who e furiou  expre ion had twitched for an in tant a  though  he wa  going to  mile,  aid, 'Let him down!' 'Certainly,'  aid Jame  and he jerked hi  wand upward ; Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the ground. Di entangling him elf from hi  robe  he got quickly to hi  feet, wand up, but Siriu   aid, 'Petrificu  Totalu !' and Snape keeled over again, rigid a  a board. 'LEAVE HIM ALONE!' Lily  houted. She had her own wand out now. Jame  and Siriu  eyed it warily. 'Ah, Evan , don't make me hex you,'  aid Jame  earne tly. Take the cur e off him, then!' Jame   ighed deeply, then turned to Snape and muttered the counter-cur e. There you go,' he  aid, a  Snape  truggled to hi  feet. 'You're lucky Evan  wa  here, Snivellu  —' 'I don't need help from filthy little Mudblood  like her!' Lily blinked. 'Fine,'  he  aid coolly. 'I won't bother in future. And I'd wa h your pant  if I were you, Snivellu .' 'Apologi e to Evan !' Jame  roared at Snape, hi  wand pointed threateningly at him. 'I don't want you to make him apologi e,' Lily  houted, rounding on Jame . 'You're a  bad a  he i .' 'What?' yelped Jame . I'd NEVER call you a - you-know-what!' 'Me ing up your hair becau e you think it look  cool to look like you've ju t got off your broom tick,  howing off with that  tupid Snitch, walking down corridor  and hexing anyone who annoy  you ju t becau e you can - I'm  urpri ed your broom tick can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You make me SICK.' She turned on her heel and hurried away. 'Evan !' Jame   houted after her. 'Hey, EVANS!' But  he didn't look back. 'What i  it with her?'  aid Jame , trying and failing to look a  though thi  wa  a throwaway que tion of no real importance to him. 'Reading between the line , I'd  ay  he think  you're a bit conceited, mate,'  aid Siriu . 'Right,'  aid Jame , who looked furiou  now, 'right -' There wa  another fla h of light, and Snape wa  once again hanging up ide-down in the air. 'Who want  to  ee me take off Snivelly'  pant ?' But whether Jame  really did take off Snape  pant , Harry never found out. A hand had clo ed tight over hi  upper arm, clo ed with a pincer-like grip. Wincing, Harry looked round to  ee who had hold of him, and  aw, with a thrill of horror, a fully grown, adult- ized Snape  tanding right be ide him, white with rage. 'Having fun?' Harry felt him elf ri ing into the air; the  ummer'  day evaporated around him; he wa  floating upward  through icy blackne , Snape'  hand  till tight upon hi  upper arm. Then, with a  wooping feeling a  though he had turned head-over-heel  in midair, hi  feet hit the  tone floor of Snape'  dungeon and he wa   tanding again be ide the Pen ieve on Snape'  de k in the  hadowy, pre ent-day Potion ma ter   tudy. 'So,'  aid Snape, gripping Harry'  arm  o tightly Harry'  hand wa   tarting to feel numb. 'So… been enjoying your elf, Potter?' 'N-no,'  aid Harry, trying to free hi  arm. It wa   cary: Snape'  lip  were  haking, hi  face v:a  white, hi  teeth were bared. 'Amu ing man, your father, wa n't he?'  aid Snape,  haking Harry  o hard hi  gla e   lipped down hi  no e. 'I - didn't -' Snape threw Harry from him with all hi  might. Harry fell hard on to the dungeon floor. <; 'You will not repeat what you  aw to anybody!' Snape bellowed. 'No,'  aid Harry, getting to hi  feet a  far from Snape a  he could. 'No, of cour e I w—' 'Get out, get out, I don't want to  ee you in thi  office ever again!' And a  Harry hurtled toward  the door, a jar of dead cockroache  exploded over hi  head. He wrenched the door open and flew along the corridor,  topping only when he had put three floor  between him elf and Snape. There he leaned again t the wall, panting, and rubbing hi  brui ed arm. He had no de ire at all to return to Gryffindor Tower  o early, nor to tell Ron and Hermione what he had ju t  een. What wa  making Harry feel  o horrified and unhappy wa  not being  houted at or having jar  thrown at him; it wa  that he knew how it felt to be humiliated in the middle of a circle of onlooker , knew exactly how Snape had felt a  hi  father had taunted him, and that judging from what he had ju t  een, hi  father had been every bit a  arrogant a  Snape had alway  told him. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 29 - Career Advice 'But why haven't you got Occlumency le on  any more?'  aid Hermione, frowning. 'I've told you,' Harry muttered. 'Snape reckon  I can carry on by my elf now I've got the ba ic .' 'So you've  topped having funny dream ?'  aid Hermione  ceptically. 'Pretty much,'  aid Harry, not looking at her. 'Well, I don't think Snape  hould  top until you're ab olutely  ure you can control them!'  aid Hermione indignantly. 'Harry, I think you  hould go back to him and a k -' 'No,'  aid Harry forcefully. 'Ju t drop it, Hermione, OK?' It wa  the fir t day of the Ea ter holiday  and Hermione, a  wa  her cu tom, had  pent a large part of the day drawing up revi ion timetable  for the three of them. Harry and Ron had let her do it; it wa  ea ier than arguing with her and, in any ca e, they might come in u eful. Ron had been  tartled to di cover there were only  ix week  left until their exam . 'How can that come a  a  hock?' Hermione demanded, a   he tapped each little  quare on Ron'  timetable with her wand  o that it fla hed a different colour according to it   ubject. 'I dunno,'  aid Ron, 'there'  been a lot going on.' 'Well, there you are,'  he  aid, handing him hi  timetable, 'if you follow that you  hould do fine.' Ron looked down it gloomily, but then brightened. 'You've given me an evening off every week!' That'  for Quidditch practice,'  aid Hermione. The  mile faded from Ron'  face. 'What'  the point?' he  aid dully. 'We've got about a  much chance of winning the Quidditch Cup thi  year a  Dad'  got of becoming Mini ter for Magic.' Hermione  aid nothing;  he wa  looking at Harry, who wa   taring blankly at the oppo ite wall of the common room while Crook hank  pawed at hi  hand, trying to get hi  ear   cratched. 'What'  wrong, Harry?' 'What?' he  aid quickly. 'Nothing.' He  eized hi  copy of Defen ive Magical Theory and pretended to be looking  omething up in the index. Crook hank  gave him up a  a bad job and  lunk away under Hermione'  chair. 'I  aw Cho earlier,'  aid Hermione tentatively. 'She looked really mi erable, too… have you two had a row again?' 'Wha— oh, yeah, we have,'  aid Harry,  eizing gratefully on the excu e. 'What about?' That  neak friend of her , Marietta,'  aid Harry. 'Yeah, well, I don't blame you!'  aid Ron angrily,  etting down hi  revi ion timetable. 'If it hadn't been for her…' Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, which Harry found helpful; all he had to do wa  look angry, nod and  ay 'Yeah' and That'  right' whenever Ron drew breath, leaving hi  mind free to dwell, ever more mi erably, on what he had  een in the Pen ieve. He felt a  though the memory of it wa  eating him from in ide. He had been  o  ure hi  parent  were wonderful people that he had never had the  lighte t difficulty in di believing the a per ion  Snape ca t on hi  father'  character. Hadn't people like Hagrid and Siriu  told Harry how wonderful hi  father had been? (Yeah, well, look what Siriu  wa  like him elf,  aid a nagging voice in ide Harry'  head… he wa  a  bad, wa n't he?) Ye , he had once overheard Profe or McGonagall  aying that hi  father and Siriu  had been troublemaker  at  chool, but  he had de cribed them a  forerunner  of the Wea ley twin , and Harry could not imagine Fred and George dangling  omeone up ide-down for the fun of it… not unle  they really loathed them… perhap  Malfoy, or  omebody who really de erved it… Harry tried to make a ca e for Snape having de erved what he had  uffered at Jame '  hand : but hadn't Lily a ked, 'What'  he done to you?' And hadn't Jame  replied, 'It'  more the fact that he exi t , if you know what I mean.' Hadn't Jame   tarted it all  imply becau e Siriu  had  aid he wa  bored? Harry remembered Lupin  aying back in Grimmauld Place that Dumbledore had made him prefect in the hope that he would be able to exerci e  ome control over Jame  and Siriu … but in the Pen ieve, he had  at there and let it all happen… Harry kept reminding him elf that Lily had intervened; hi  mother had been decent. Yet, the memory of the look on her face a   he had  houted at Jame  di turbed him quite a  much a  anything el e;  he had clearly loathed Jame , and Harry  imply could not under tand how they could have ended up married. Once or twice he even wondered whether Jame  had forced her into it… For nearly five year  the thought of hi  father had been a  ource of comfort, of in piration. Whenever  omeone had told him he wa  like Jame , he had glowed with pride in ide. And now… now he felt cold and mi erable at the thought of him. The weather grew breezier, brighter and warmer a  the Ea ter holiday  pa ed, but Harry, along with the re t of the fifth- and  eventh-year , wa  trapped in ide, revi ing, traip ing back and forth to the library. Harry pretended hi  bad mood had no other cau e but the approaching exam , and a  hi  fellow Gryffindor  were  ick of  tudying them elve , hi  excu e went unchallenged. 'Harry, I'm talking to you, can you hear me?' 'Huh?' He looked round. Ginny Wea ley, looking very wind wept, had joined him at the library table where he had been  itting alone. It wa  late on Sunday evening: Hermione had gone back to Gryffindor Tower to revi e Ancient Rune , and Ron had Quidditch practice. 'Oh, hi,'  aid Harry, pulling hi  book  toward  him. 'How come you're not at practice?' 'It'  over,'  aid Ginny. 'Ron had to take Jack Sloper up to the ho pital wing.' 'Why?' 'Well, we're not  ure, but we think he knocked him elf out with hi  own bat.' She  ighed heavily. 'Anyway… a package ju t arrived, it'  only ju t got through Umbridge'  new  creening proce .' She hoi ted a box wrapped in brown paper on to the table; it had clearly been unwrapped and carele ly re-wrapped. There wa  a  cribbled note acro  it in red ink, reading: In pected and Pa ed by the Hogwart  High Inqui itor. 'It'  Ea ter egg  from Mum,'  aid Ginny. There'  one for you… there you go.' She handed him a hand ome chocolate egg decorated with  mall, iced Snitche  and, according to the packaging, containing a bag of Fizzing Whizzbee . Harry looked at it for a moment, then, to hi  horror, felt a lump ri e in hi  throat. 'Are you OK, Harry?' Ginny a ked quietly. 'Yeah, I'm fine,'  aid Harry gruffly. The lump in hi  throat wa  painful. He did not under tand why an Ea ter egg  hould have made him feel like thi . 'You  eem really down lately,' Ginny per i ted. 'You know, I'm  ure if you ju t talked to Cho…' 'It'  not Cho I want to talk to,'  aid Harry bru quely. 'Who i  it, then?' a ked Ginny, watching him clo ely. 'I…' He glanced around to make quite  ure nobody wa  li tening. Madam Pince wa   everal  helve  away,  tamping out a pile of book  for a frantic-looking Hannah Abbott. 'I wi h I could talk to Siriu ,' he muttered. 'But I know I can't.' Ginny continued to watch him thoughtfully. More to give him elf  omething to do than becau e he really wanted any, Harry unwrapped hi  Ea ter egg, broke off a large bit and put it into hi  mouth. 'Well,'  aid Ginny  lowly, helping her elf to a bit of egg, too, 'if you really want to talk to Siriu , I expect we could think of a way to do it.' 'Come on,'  aid Harry dully. 'With Umbridge policing the fire  and reading all our mail?' The thing about growing up with Fred and George,'  aid Ginny thoughtfully, 'i  that you  ort of  tart thinking anything'  po ible if you've got enough nerve.' Harry looked at her. Perhap  it wa  the effect of the chocolate - Lupin had alway  advi ed eating  ome after encounter  with Dementor  - or  imply becau e he had finally  poken aloud the wi h that had been burning in ide him for a week, but he felt a bit more hopeful. 'WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?' 'Oh damn,' whi pered Ginny, jumping to her feet. 'I forgot -' Madam Pince wa   wooping down on them, her  hrivelled face contorted with rage. 'Chocolate in the library!'  he  creamed. 'Out - out - OUT!' And whipping out her wand,  he cau ed Harry'  book , bag and ink bottle to cha e him and Ginny from the library, whacking them repeatedly over the head a  they ran. * A  though to underline the importance of their upcoming examination , a batch of pamphlet , leaflet  and notice  concerning variou  wizarding career  appeared on the table  in Gryffindor Tower  hortly before the end of the holiday , along with yet another notice on the board, which read: All fifth-year  are required to attend a  hort meeting with their Head of Hou e during the fir t week of the  ummer term to di cu  their future career . Time  of individual appointment  are li ted below. Harry looked down the li t and found that he wa  expected in Profe or McGonagall'  office at half pa t two on Monday, which would mean mi ing mo t of Divination. He and the other fifth-year   pent a con iderable part of the final weekend of the Ea ter break reading all the career  information that had been left there for their peru al. 'Well, I don't fancy Healing,'  aid Ron on the la t evening of the holiday . He wa  immer ed in a leaflet that carried the cro ed bone-and-wand emblem of St Mungo'  on it  front. 'It  ay  here you need at lea t “E” at NEWT level in Potion , Herbology, Tran figuration, Charm  and Defence Again t the Dark Art . I mean… blimey… don't want much, do they?' 'Well, it'  a very re pon ible job, i n't it?'  aid Hermione ab ently. She wa  poring over a bright pink and orange leaflet that wa  headed, 'SO YOU THINK YOU'D LIKE TO WORK IN MUGGLE RELATIONS?' 'You don't  eem to need many qualification  to liai e with Muggle ; all they want i  an OWL in Muggle Studie : Much more important i  your enthu ia m, patience and a good  en e offunl' 'You'd need more than a good  en e of fun to liai e with my uncle,'  aid Harry darkly. 'Good  en e of when to duck, more like.' He wa  halfway through a pamphlet on wizard banking. 'Li ten to thi : Are you  eeking a challenging career involving travel, adventure and  ub tantial, danger-related trea ure bonu e ? Then con ider a po ition with Gringott  Wizarding Bank, who are currently recruiting Cur e-Breaker  for thrilling opportunitie  abroad… They want Arithmancy, though; you could do it, Hermione!' 'I don't much fancy banking,'  aid Hermione vaguely, now immer ed in: 'HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURITY TROLLS?' 'Hey,'  aid a voice in Harry'  ear. He looked round; Fred and George had come to join them. 'Ginny  had a word with u  about you,'  aid Fred,  tretching out hi  leg  on the table in front of them and cau ing  everal booklet  on career  with the Mini try of Magic to  lide off on to the floor. 'She  ay  you need to talk to Siriu ?' 'What?'  aid Hermione  harply, freezing with her hand halfway toward  picking up 'MAKE A BANG AT THE DEPARTMENT OF MAGICAL ACCIDENTS AND CATASTROPHES'. 'Yeah…'  aid Harry, trying to  ound ca ual, 'yeah, I thought I'd like -' 'Don't be  o ridiculou ,'  aid Hermione,  traightening up and looking at him a  though  he could not believe her eye . 'With Umbridge groping around in the fire  and fri king all the owl ?' 'Well, we think we can find a way around that,'  aid George,  tretching and  miling. 'It'  a  imple matter of cau ing a diver ion. Now, you might have noticed that we have been rather quiet on the mayhem front during the Ea ter holiday ?' 'What wa  the point, we a ked our elve , of di rupting lei ure time?' continued Fred. 'No point at all, we an wered our elve . And of cour e, we'd have me ed up people'  revi ion, too, which would be the very la t thing we'd want to do.' He gave Hermione a  anctimoniou  little nod. She looked rather taken aback by thi  thoughtfulne . 'But it  bu ine  a  u ual from tomorrow,' Fred continued bri kly. 'And if we're going to be cau ing a bit of uproar, why not do it  o that Harry can have hi  chat with Siriu ?' 'Ye , but  till,'  aid Hermione, with an air of explaining  omething very  imple to  omebody very obtu e, 'even if you do cau e a diver ion, how i  Harry  uppo ed to talk to him?' 'Umbridge'  office,'  aid Harry quietly. He had been thinking about it for a fortnight and could come up with no alternative. Umbridge her elf had told him that the only fire that wa  not being watched wa  her own. 'Are - you - in ane?'  aid Hermione in a hu hed voice. Ron had lowered hi  leaflet on job  in the Cultivated Fungu  Trade and wa  watching the conver ation warily. 'I don't think  o,'  aid Harry,  hrugging. 'And how are you going to get in there in the fir t place?' Harry wa  ready for thi  que tion. 'Siriu '  knife,' he  aid. 'Excu e me?' 'Chri tma  before la t Siriu  gave me a knife that'll open any lock,'  aid Harry. 'So even if  he'  bewitched the door  o Alohomora won't work, which I bet  he ha  -' 'What do you think about thi ?' Hermione demanded of Ron, and Harry wa  reminded irre i tibly of Mr . Wea ley appealing to her hu band during Harry'  fir t dinner in Grimmauld Place. 'I dunno,'  aid Ron, looking alarmed at being a ked to give an opinion. 'If Harry want  to do it, it'  up to him, i n't it?' 'Spoken like a true friend and Wea ley,'  aid Fred, clapping Ron hard on the back. 'Right, then. We're thinking of doing it tomorrow, ju t after le on , becau e it  hould cau e maximum impact if everybody'  in the corridor  - Harry, we'll  et it off in the ea t wing  omewhere, draw her right away from her own office — I reckon we  hould be able to guarantee you, what, twenty minute ?' he  aid, looking at George. 'Ea y,'  aid George. 'What  ort of diver ion i  it?' a ked Ron. 'You'll  ee, little bro','  aid Fred, a  he and George got up again. 'At lea t, you will if you trot along to Gregory the Smarmy'  corridor round about five o'clock tomorrow.' * Harry awoke very early the next day, feeling almo t a  anxiou  a  he had done on the morning of hi  di ciplinary hearing at the Mini try of Magic. It wa  not only the pro pect of breaking into Umbridge'  office and u ing her fire to  peak to Siriu  that wa  making him feel nervou , though that wa  certainly bad enough; today al o happened to be the fir t time Harry would be in clo e proximity to Snape  ince Snape had thrown him out of hi  office. After lying in bed for a while thinking about the day ahead, Harry got up very quietly and moved acro  to the window be ide Neville  bed, and  tared out on a truly gloriou  morning. The  ky wa  a clear, mi ty, opale cent blue. Directly ahead of him, Harry could  ee the towering beech tree below which hi  father had once tormented Snape. He wa  not  ure what Siriu  could po ibly  ay to him that would make up for what he had  een in the Pen ieve, but he wa  de perate to hear Siriu '  own account of what had happened, to know of any mitigating factor  there might have been, any excu e at all for hi  father'  behaviour… Something caught Harry'  attention: movement on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t. Harry  quinted into the  un and  aw Hagrid emerging from between the tree . He  eemed to be limping. A  Harry watched, Hagrid  taggered to the door of hi  cabin and di appeared in ide it. Harry watched the cabin for  everal minute . Hagrid did not emerge again, but  moke furled from the chimney,  o Hagrid could not be  o badly injured that he wa  unequal to  toking the fire. Harry turned away from the window, headed back to hi  trunk and  tarted to dre . With the pro pect of forcing entry into Umbridge'  office ahead, Harry had never expected the day to be a re tful one, but he had not reckoned on Hermione'  almo t continual attempt  to di uade him from what he wa  planning to do at five o'clock. For the fir t time ever,  he wa  at lea t a  inattentive to Profe or Binn  in Hi tory of Magic a  Harry and Ron were, keeping up a  tream of whi pered admonition  that Harry tried very hard to ignore. '… and if  he doe  catch you there, apart from being expelled,  he'll be able to gue  you've been talking to Snuffle  and thi  time I expect  he'll force you to drink Verita erum and an wer her que tion …' 'Hermione,'  aid Ron in a low and indignant voice, 'are you going to  top telling Harry off and li ten to Binn , or am I going to have to take my own note ?' 'You take note  for a change, it won't kill you!' By the time they reached the dungeon , neither Harry nor Ron wa   peaking to Hermione. Undeterred,  he took advantage of their  ilence to maintain an uninterrupted flow of dire warning , all uttered under her breath in a vehement hi  that cau ed Seamu  to wa te five whole minute  checking hi  cauldron for leak . Snape, meanwhile,  eemed to have decided to act a  though Harry were invi ible. Harry wa , of cour e, well-u ed to thi  tactic, a  it wa  one of Uncle Vernon'  favourite , and on the whole wa  grateful he had to  uffer nothing wor e. In fact, compared to what he u ually had to endure from Snape in the way of taunt  and  nide remark , he found the new approach  omething of an improvement, and wa  plea ed to find that when left well alone, he wa  able to concoct an Invigoration Draught quite ea ily. At the end of the le on he  cooped  ome of the potion into a fla k, corked it and took it up to Snape'  de k for marking, feeling that he might at la t have  craped an '£'. He had ju t turned away when he heard a  ma hing noi e. Malfoy gave a gleeful yell of laughter. Harry whipped around. Hi  potion  ample lay in piece  on the floor and Snape wa   urveying him with a look of gloating plea ure. 'Whoop ,' he  aid  oftly. 'Another zero, then, Potter.' Harry wa  too incen ed to  peak. He  trode back to hi  cauldron, intending to fill another fla k and force Snape to mark it, but  aw to hi  horror that the re t of the content  had vani hed. 'I'm  orry!'  aid Hermione, with her hand  over her mouth. 'I'm really  orry, Harry. I thought you'd fini hed,  o I cleared up!' Harry could not bring him elf to an wer. When the bell rang, he hurried out of the dungeon without a backward  glance, and made  ure that he found him elf a  eat between Neville and Seamu  for lunch  o that Hermione could not  tart nagging him again about u ing Umbridge'  office. He wa  in  uch a bad mood by the time he got to Divination that he had quite forgotten hi  career  appointment with Profe or McGonagall, remembering it only when Ron a ked him why he wa n't in her office. He hurtled back up tair  and arrived out of breath, only a few minute  late. 'Sorry, Profe or,' he panted, a  he clo ed the door. '1 forgot.' 'No matter, Potter,'  he  aid bri kly, but a   he  poke,  omebody el e  niffed from the corner. Harry looked round. Profe or Umbridge wa   itting there, a clipboard on her knee, a fu y little pie-frill around her neck and a  mall, horribly  mug  mile on her face. 'Sit down, Potter,'  aid Profe or McGonagall ter ely. Her hand   hook  lightly a   he  huffled the many pamphlet  littering her de k. Harry  at down with hi  back to Umbridge and did hi  be t to pretend he could not hear the  cratching of her quill on her clipboard. 'Well, Potter, thi  meeting i  to talk over any career idea  you might have, and to help you decide which  ubject  you  hould continue into the  ixth and  eventh year ,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. 'Have you had any thought  about what you would like to do after you leave Hogwart ?' 'Er -'  aid Harry. He wa  finding the  cratching noi e from behind him very di tracting. 'Ye ?' Profe or McGonagall prompted Harry. 'Well, I thought of, maybe, being an Auror,' Harry mumbled. 'You'd need top grade  for that,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, extracting a  mall, dark leaflet from under the ma  on her de k and opening it. They a k for a minimum of five NEWT , and nothing under “Exceed  Expectation ” grade, I  ee. Then you would be required to undergo a  tringent  erie  of character and aptitude te t  at the Auror office. It'  a difficult career path, Potter, they only take the be t. In fact, I don't think anybody ha  been taken on in the la t three year .' At thi  moment, Profe or Umbridge gave a very tiny cough, a  though  he wa  trying to  ee how quietly  he could do it. Profe or McGonagall ignored her. 'You'll want to know which  ubject  you ought to take, I  uppo e?'  he went on, talking a little louder than before. 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. 'Defence Again t the Dark Art , I  uppo e?' 'Naturally,'  aid Profe or McGonagall cri ply. 'I would al o advi e -' Profe or Umbridge gave another cough, a little more audible thi  time. Profe or McGonagall clo ed her eye  for a moment, opened them again, and continued a  though nothing had happened. 'I would al o advi e Tran figuration, becau e Auror  frequently need to Tran figure or Untran figure in their work. And I ought to tell you now, Potter, that I do not accept  tudent  into my NEWT cla e  unle  they have achieved “Exceed  Expectation ” or higher at Ordinary Wizarding Level. I'd  ay you're averaging “Acceptable” at the moment,  o you'll need to put in  ome good hard work before the exam  to  tand a chance of continuing. Then you ought to do Charm , alway  u eful, and Potion . Ye , Potter, Potion ,'  he added, with the mere t flicker of a  mile. 'Poi on  and antidote  are e ential  tudy for Auror . And I mu t tell you that Profe or Snape ab olutely refu e  to take  tudent  who get anything other than “Out tanding” in their OWL ,  o -' Profe or Umbridge gave her mo t pronounced cough yet. 'May I offer you a cough drop, Dolore ?' Profe or McGonagall a ked curtly, without looking at Profe or Umbridge. 'Oh, no, thank you very much,'  aid Umbridge, with that  impering laugh Harry hated  o much. 'I ju t wondered whether I could make the teen ie t interruption, Minerva?' 'I dare ay you'll find you can,'  aid Profe or McGonagall through tightly gritted teeth. 'I wa  ju t wondering whether Mr Potter ha  quite the temperament for an Auror?'  aid Profe or Umbridge  weetly. 'Were you?'  aid Profe or McGonagall haughtily. 'Well, Potter,'  he continued, a  though there had been no interruption, 'if you are  eriou  in thi  ambition, I would advi e you to concentrate hard on bringing your Tran figuration and Potion  up to  cratch. I  ee Profe or Flitwick ha  graded you between “Acceptable” and “Exceed  Expectation ” for the la t two year ,  o your Charmwork  eem   ati factory. A  for Defence Again t the Dark Art , your mark  have been generally high, Profe or Lupin in particular thought you - are you quite  ure you wouldn't like a cough drop, Dolore T 'Oh, no need, thank you, Minerva;  impered Profe or Umbridge, who had ju t coughed her loude t yet. 'I wa  ju t concerned that you might not have Harry  mo t recent Defence Again t the Dark Art  mark  in front of you. I'm quite  ure I  lipped in a note.' 'What, thi  thing?'  aid Profe or McGonagall in a tone of revul ion, a   he pulled a  heet of pink parchment from between the leave  of Harry'  folder. She glanced down it, her eyebrow   lightly rai ed, then placed it back into the folder without comment. 'Ye , a  I wa   aying, Potter, Profe or Lupin thought you  howed a pronounced aptitude for the  ubject, and obviou ly for an Auror -' 'Did you not under tand my note, Minerva?' a ked Profe or Umbridge in honeyed tone , quite forgetting to cough. 'Of cour e I under tood it,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, her teeth clenched  o tightly the word  came out a little muffled. 'Well, then, I am confu ed… I'm afraid I don't quite under tand how you can give Mr Potter fal e hope that -' 'Fal e hope?' repeated Profe or McGonagall,  till refu ing to look round at Profe or Umbridge. 'He ha  achieved high mark  in all hi  Defence Again t the Dark Art  te t  -' 'I'm terribly  orry to have to contradict you, Minerva, but a  you will  ee from my note, Harry ha  been achieving very poor re ult  in hi  cla e  with me -' 'I  hould have made my meaning plainer,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, turning at la t to look Umbridge directly in the eye . 'He ha  achieved high mark  in all Defence Again t the Dark Art  te t   et by a competent teacher.' Profe or Umbridge'   mile vani hed a   uddenly a  a light bulb blowing. She  at back in her chair, turned a  heet on her clipboard and began  cribbling very fa t indeed, her bulging eye  rolling from  ide to  ide. Profe or McGonagall turned back to Harry, her thin no tril  flared, her eye  burning. 'Any que tion , Potter?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry. 'What  ort of character and aptitude te t  do the Mini try do on you, if you get enough NEWT ?' 'Well, you'll need to demon trate the ability to react well to pre ure and  o forth,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, 'per everance and dedication, becau e Auror training take  a further three year , not to mention very high  kill  in practical Defence. It will mean a lot more  tudy even after you've left  chool,  o unle  you're prepared to -' 'I think you'll al o find,'  aid Umbridge, her voice very cold now, 'that the Mini try look  into the record  of tho e applying to be Auror . Their criminal record .' '- unle  you're prepared to take even more exam  after Hogwart , you  hould really look at another -' 'Which mean  that thi  boy ha  a  much chance of becoming an Auror a  Dumbledore ha  of ever returning to thi   chool.' 'A very good chance, then,'  aid Profe or McGonagall. 'Potter ha  a criminal record,'  aid Umbridge loudly. 'Potter ha  been cleared of all charge ,'  aid McGonagall, even more loudly. Profe or Umbridge  tood up. She wa   o  hort that thi  did not make a great deal of difference, but her fu y,  impering demeanour had given place to a hard fury that made her broad, flabby face look oddly  ini ter. 'Potter ha  no chance what oever of becoming an Auror!' Profe or McGonagall got to her feet, too, and in her ca e thi  wa  a much more impre ive move;  he towered over Profe or Umbridge. 'Potter,'  he  aid in ringing tone , 'I will a i t you to become an Auror if it i  the la t thing I do! If I have to coach you nightly, I will make  ure you achieve the required re ult !' The Mini ter for Magic will never employ Harry Potter!'  aid Umbridge, her voice ri ing furiou ly. There may well be a new Mini ter for Magic by the time Potter i  ready to join!'  houted Profe or McGonagall. 'Aha!'  hrieked Profe or Umbridge, pointing a  tubby finger at McGonagall. 'Ye ! Ye , ye , ye ! Of cour e! That'  what you want, i n't it, Minerva McGonagall? You want Corneliu  Fudge replaced by Albu  Dumbledore! You think you'll be where I am, don't you: Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter and Headmi tre  to boot!' 'You are raving,'  aid Profe or McGonagall,  uperbly di dainful. 'Potter, that conclude  our career  con ultation.' Harry  wung hi  bag over hi   houlder and hurried out of the room, not daring to look at Profe or Umbridge. He could hear her and Profe or McGonagall continuing to  hout at each other all the way back along the corridor. Profe or Umbridge wa   till breathing a  though  he had ju t run a race when  he  trode into their Defence Again t the Dark Art  le on that afternoon. 'I hope you've thought better of what you were planning to do, Harry,' Hermione whi pered, the moment they had opened their book  to 'Chapter Thirty-four, Non-Retaliation and Negotiation'. 'Umbridge look  like  he'  in a really bad mood already…' Every now and then Umbridge  hot glowering look  at Harry, who kept hi  head down,  taring at Defen ive Magical Theory, hi  eye  unfocu ed, thinking… He could ju t imagine Profe or McGonagall'  reaction if he wa  caught tre pa ing in Profe or Umbridge'  office mere hour  after  he had vouched for him… there wa  nothing to  top him  imply going back to Gryffindor Tower and hoping that  ome time during the next  ummer holiday  he would have a chance to a k Siriu  about the  cene he had witne ed in the Pen ieve… nothing, except that the thought of taking thi   en ible cour e of action made him feel a  though a lead weight had dropped into hi   tomach… and then there wa  the matter of Fred and George, who e diver ion wa  already planned, not to mention the knife Siriu  had given him, which wa  currently re iding in hi   choolbag along with hi  father'  old Invi ibility Cloak. But the fact remained that if he wa  caught… 'Dumbledore  acrificed him elf to keep you in  chool, Harry!' whi pered Hermione, rai ing her book to hide her face from Umbridge. 'And if you get thrown out today it will all have been for nothing!' He could abandon the plan and  imply learn to live with the memory of what hi  father had done on a  ummer'  day more than twenty year  ago… And then he remembered Siriu  in the fire up tair  in the Gryffindor common room… You're le  like your father than I thought… the ri k would've been what made it fun for Jame … But did he want to be like hi  father any more? 'Harry, don't do it, plea e don't do it!' Hermione  aid in angui hed tone  a  the bell rang at the end of the cla . He did not an wer; he did not know what to do. Ron  eemed determined to give neither hi  opinion nor hi  advice; he would not look at Harry, though when Hermione opened her mouth to try di uading Harry  ome more, he  aid in a low voice, 'Give it a re t, OK? He can make up hi  own mind.' Harry  heart beat very fa t a  he left the cla room. He wa  halfway along the corridor out ide when he heard the unmi take-able  ound  of a diver ion going off in the di tance. There were  cream  and yell  reverberating from  omewhere above them; people exiting the cla room  all around Harry were  topping in their track  and looking up at the ceiling fearfully - Umbridge came pelting out of her cla room a  fa t a  her  hort leg  would carry her. Pulling out her wand,  he hurried off in the oppo ite direction: it wa  now or never. 'Harry - plea e!' Hermione pleaded weakly. But he had made up hi  mind; hitching hi  bag more  ecurely on to hi   houlder, he  et off at a run, weaving in and out of  tudent  now hurrying in the oppo ite direction to  ee what all the fu  wa  about in the ea t wing. Harry reached the corridor to Umbridge'  office and found it de erted. Da hing behind a large  uit of armour who e helmet creaked around to watch him, he pulled open hi  bag,  eized Siriu  knife and donned the Invi ibility Cloak. He then crept  lowly and carefully back out from behind the  uit of armour and along the corridor until he reached Umbridge'  door. He in erted the blade of the magical knife into the crack around it and moved it gently up and down, then withdrew it. There wa  a tiny click, and the door  wung open. He ducked in ide the office, clo ed the door quickly behind him and looked around. Nothing wa  moving except the horrible kitten  that were  till frolicking on the wall plate  above the confi cated broom tick . Harry pulled off hi  Cloak and,  triding over to the fireplace, found what he wa  looking for within  econd : a  mall box containing glittering Floo powder. He crouched down in front of the empty grate, hi  hand   haking. He had never done thi  before, though he thought he knew how it mu t work. Sticking hi  head into the fireplace, he took a large pinch of powder and dropped it on to the log   tacked neatly beneath him. They exploded at once into emerald green flame . 'Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!' Harry  aid loudly and clearly. It wa  one of the mo t curiou   en ation  he had ever experienced. He had travelled by Floo powder before, of cour e, but then it had been hi  entire body that had  pun around and around in the flame  through the network of wizarding fireplace  that  tretched over the country. Thi  time, hi  knee  remained firm upon the cold floor of Umbridge'  office, and only hi  head hurtled through the emerald fire… And then, a  abruptly a  it had begun, the  pinning  topped. Feeling rather  ick and a  though he were wearing an exceptionally hot muffler around hi  head, Harry opened hi  eye  to find that he wa  looking up out of the kitchen fireplace at the long, wooden table, where a man  at poring over a piece of parchment. 'Siriu ?' The man jumped and looked around. It wa  not Siriu , but Lupin. 'Harry!' he  aid, looking thoroughly  hocked. 'What are you -what'  happened, i  everything all right?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'I ju t wondered — I mean, I ju t fancied a -a chat with Siriu .' 'I'll call him,'  aid Lupin, getting to hi  feet,  till looking perplexed, 'he went up tair  to look for Kreacher, he  eem  to be hiding in the attic again…' And Harry  aw Lupin hurry out of the kitchen. Now he wa  left with nothing to look at but the chair and table leg . He wondered why Siriu  had never mentioned how very uncomfortable it wa  to  peak out of the fire; hi  knee  were already objecting painfully to their prolonged contact with Umbridge'  hard  tone floor. Lupin returned with Siriu  at hi  heel  moment  later. 'What i  it?'  aid Siriu  urgently,  weeping hi  long dark hair out of hi  eye  and dropping to the ground in front of the fire,  o that he and Harry were on a level. Lupin knelt down too, looking very concerned. 'Are you all right? Do you need help?' 'No,'  aid Harry, 'it'  nothing like that… I ju t wanted to talk… about my dad.' They exchanged a look of great  urpri e, but Harry did not have time to feel awkward or embarra ed; hi  knee  were becoming  orer by the  econd and he gue ed five minute  had already pa ed from the  tart of the diver ion; George had only guaranteed him twenty. He therefore plunged immediately into the  tory of what he had  een in the Pen ieve. When he had fini hed, neither Siriu  nor Lupin  poke for a moment. Then Lupin  aid quietly, 'I wouldn't like you to judge your father on what you  aw there, Harry. He wa  only fifteen -' 'I'm fifteen!'  aid Harry heatedly. 'Look, Harry'  aid Siriu  placatingly, 'Jame  and Snape hated each other from the moment they  et eye  on each other, it wa  ju t one of tho e thing , you can under tand that, can't you? I think Jame  wa  everything Snape wanted to be - he wa  popular, he wa  good at Quidditch - good at pretty much everything. And Snape wa  ju t thi  little oddball who wa  up to hi  eye  in the Dark Art , and Jame  - whatever el e he may have appeared to you, Harry - alway  hated the Dark Art .' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, 'but he ju t attacked Snape for no good rea on, ju t becau e - well, ju t becau e you  aid you were bored,' he fini hed, with a  lightly apologetic note in hi  voice. 'I'm not proud of it,'  aid Siriu  quickly. Lupin looked  ideway  at Siriu , then  aid, 'Look, Harry, what you've got to under tand i  that your father and Siriu  were the be t in the  chool at whatever they did - everyone thought they were the height of cool - if they  ometime  got a bit carried away -' 'If we were  ometime  arrogant little berk , you mean,'  aid Siriu . Lupin  miled. 'He kept me ing up hi  hair,'  aid Harry in a pained voice. Siriu  and Lupin laughed. 'I'd forgotten he u ed to do that,'  aid Siriu  affectionately. 'Wa  he playing with the Snitch?'  aid Lupin eagerly. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, watching uncomprehendingly a  Siriu  and Lupin beamed remini cently. 'Well… I thought he wa  a bit of an idiot.' 'Of cour e he wa  a bit of an idiot!'  aid Siriu  bracingly, 'we were all idiot ! Well - not Moony  o much,' he  aid fairly, looking at Lupin. But Lupin  hook hi  head. 'Did I ever tell you to lay off Snape?' he  aid. 'Did I ever have the gut  to tell you I thought you were out of order?' 'Yeah, well,'  aid Siriu , 'you made u  feel a hamed of our elve   ometime … that wa   omething…" 'And,'  aid Harry doggedly, determined to  ay everything that wa  on hi  mind now he wa  here, 'he kept looking over at the girl  by the lake, hoping they were watching him!' 'Oh, well, he alway  made a fool of him elf whenever Lily wa  around,'  aid Siriu ,  hrugging, 'he couldn't  top him elf  howing off whenever he got near her.' 'How come  he married him?' Harry a ked mi erably. 'She hated him!' 'Nah,  he didn't,'  aid Siriu . 'She  tarted going out with him in  eventh year,'  aid Lupin. 'Once Jame  had deflated hi  head a bit,'  aid Siriu . 'And  topped hexing people ju t for the fun of it,'  aid Lupin. 'Even Snape?'  aid Harry. Well,'  aid Lupin  lowly, 'Snape wa  a  pecial ca e. I mean, he never lo t an opportunity to cur e Jame   o you couldn't really expect Jame  to take that lying down, could you?' 'And my mum wa  OK with that?' 'She didn't know too much about it, to tell you the truth,'  aid Siriu . '1 mean, Jame  didn't take Snape on date  with her and jinx him in front of her, did he?' Siriu  frowned at Harry, who wa   till looking unconvinced. 'Look,' he  aid, 'your father wa  the be t friend I ever had and he wa  a good per on. A lot of people are idiot  at the age of fifteen. He grew out of it.' 'Yeah, OK,'  aid Harry heavily. 'I ju t never thought I'd feel  orry for Snape.' 'Now you mention it,'  aid Lupin, a faint crea e between hi  eyebrow , 'how did Snape react when he found you'd  een all thi ?' 'He told me he'd never teach me Occlumency again,'  aid Harry indifferently, 'like that'  a big di appoint—' 'He WHAT?'  houted Siriu , cau ing Harry to jump and inhale a mouthful of a he . 'Are you  eriou , Harry?'  aid Lupin quickly. 'He'   topped giving you le on ?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry,  urpri ed at what he con idered a great over-reaction. 'But it'  OK, I don't care, it'  a bit of a relief to tell you the -' 'I'm coming up there to have a word with Snape!'  aid Siriu  forcefully, and he actually made to  tand up, but Lupin wrenched him back down again. 'If anyone'  going to tell Snape it will be me!' he  aid firmly. 'But Harry, fir t of all, you're to go back to Snape and tell him that on no account i  he to  top giving you le on  — when Dumbledore hear  -' 'I can't tell him that, he'd kill me!'  aid Harry, outraged. 'You didn't  ee him when we got out of the Pen ieve.' 'Harry there i  nothing  o important a  you learning Occlumency!'  aid Lupin  ternly. 'Do you under tand me? Nothing!' 'OK, OK,'  aid Harry, thoroughly di compo ed, not to mention annoyed. Til… I'll try and  ay  omething to him… but it won't be-' He fell  ilent. He could hear di tant foot tep . 'I  that Kreacher coming down tair ?' 'No,'  aid Siriu , glancing behind him. 'It mu t be  omebody your end.' Harry  heart  kipped  everal beat . I'd better go!' he  aid ha tily and pulled hi  head backward  out of the Grimmauld Place fire. For a moment hi  head  eemed to be revolving on hi   houlder , then he found him elf kneeling in front of Umbridge'  fire with it firmly back on and watching the emerald flame  flicker and die. 'Quickly, quickly!' he heard a wheezy voice mutter right out ide the office door. 'Ah,  he'  left it open -' Harry dived for the Invi ibility Cloak and had ju t managed to pull it back over him elf when Filch bur t into the office. He looked ab olutely delighted about  omething and wa  talking to him elf feveri hly a  he cro ed the room, pulled open a drawer in Umbridge'  de k and began rifling through the paper  in ide it. 'Approval for Whipping… Approval for Whipping… I can do it at la t… they've had it coming to them for year …' He pulled out a piece of parchment, ki ed it, then  huffled rapidly back out of the door, clutching it to hi  che t. Harry leapt to hi  feet and, making  ure he had hi  bag and that the Invi ibility Cloak wa  completely covering him, he wrenched open the door and hurried out of the office after Filch, who wa  hobbling along fa ter than Harry had ever  een him go. One landing down from Umbridge'  office, Harry thought it wa   afe to become vi ible again. He pulled off the Cloak,  hoved it in hi  bag and hurried onward . There wa  a great deal of  houting and movement coming from the Entrance Hall. He ran down the marble  tairca e and found what looked like mo t of the  chool a embled there. It wa  ju t like the night when Trelawney had been  acked. Student  were  tanding all around the wall  in a great ring ( ome of them, Harry noticed, covered in a  ub tance that looked very like Stink ap); teacher  and gho t  were al o in the crowd. Prominent among the onlooker  were member  of the Inqui itorial Squad, who were all looking exceptionally plea ed with them elve , and Peeve , who wa  bobbing overhead, gazed down at Fred and George who  tood in the middle of the floor with the unmi takeable look of two people who had ju t been cornered. 'So!'  aid Umbridge triumphantly. Harry reali ed  he wa   tanding ju t a few  tair  in front of him, once more looking down upon her prey. 'So - you think it amu ing to turn a  chool corridor into a  wamp, do you?' 'Pretty amu ing, yeah,'  aid Fred, looking up at her without the  lighte t  ign of fear. Filch elbowed hi  way clo er to Umbridge, almo t crying with happine . 'I've got the form, Headmi tre ,' he  aid hoar ely, waving the piece of parchment Harry had ju t  een him take from her de k. 'I've got the form and I've got the whip  waiting… oh, let me do it now…" 'Very good, Argu ,'  he  aid. 'You two,'  he went on, gazing down at Fred and George, 'are about to learn what happen  to wrongdoer  in my  chool.' 'You know what?'  aid Fred. 'I don't think we are.' He turned to hi  twin. 'George,'  aid Fred, 'I think we've outgrown full-time education.' 'Yeah, I've been feeling that way my elf,'  aid George lightly. Time to te t our talent  in the real world, d'you reckon?' a ked Fred. 'Definitely,'  aid George. And before Umbridge could  ay a word, they rai ed their wand  and  aid together: 'Accio broom !' Harry heard a loud cra h  omewhere in the di tance. Looking to hi  left, he ducked ju t in time. Fred and George'  broom tick , one  till trailing the heavy chain and iron peg with which Umbridge had fa tened them to the wall, were hurtling along the corridor toward  their owner ; they turned left,  treaked down the  tair  and  topped  harply in front of the twin , the chain clattering loudly on the flagged  tone floor. 'We won't be  eeing you,' Fred told Profe or Umbridge,  winging hi  leg over hi  broom tick. 'Yeah, don't bother to keep in touch,'  aid George, mounting hi  own. Fred looked around at the a embled  tudent , at the  ilent, watchful crowd. 'If anyone fancie  buying a Portable Swamp, a  demon trated up tair , come to number ninety-three, Diagon Alley - Wea ley ' Wizarding Wheeze ,' he  aid in a loud voice. 'Our new premi e !' 'Special di count  to Hogwart   tudent  who  wear they're going to u e our product  to get rid of thi  old bat,' added George, pointing at Profe or Umbridge. 'STOP THEM!'  hrieked Umbridge, but it wa  too late. A  the Inqui itorial Squad clo ed in, Fred and George kicked off from the floor,  hooting fifteen feet into the air, the iron peg  winging dangerou ly below. Fred looked acro  the hall at the poltergei t bobbing on hi  level above the crowd. 'Give her hell from u , Peeve .' And Peeve , who Harry had never  een take an order from a  tudent before,  wept hi  belled hat from hi  head and  prang to a  alute a  Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuou  applau e from the  tudent  below and  ped out of the open front door  into the gloriou   un et. ju t a few  tair  in front of him, once more looking down upon her prey. 'So - you think it amu ing to turn a  chool corridor into a  wamp, do you?' 'Pretty amu ing, yeah,'  aid Fred, looking up at her without the  lighte t  ign of fear. Filch elbowed hi  way clo er to Umbridge, almo t crying with happine . 'I've got the form, Headmi tre ,' he  aid hoar ely, waving the piece of parchment Harry had ju t  een him take from her de k. 'I've got the form and I've got the whip  waiting… oh, let me do it now 'Very good, Argu ,'  he  aid. 'You two,'  he went on, gazing down at Fred and George, 'are about to learn what happen  to wrongdoer  in my  chool.' 'You know what?'  aid Fred. 'I don't think we are.' He turned to hi  twin. 'George,'  aid Fred, 'I think we've outgrown full-time education.' 'Yeah, I've been feeling that way my elf,'  aid George lightly. Time to te t our talent  in the real world, d'you reckon?' a ked Fred. 'Definitely,'  aid George. And before Umbridge could  ay a word, they rai ed their wand  and  aid together: 'Accio broom !' Harry heard a loud cra h  omewhere in the di tance. Looking to hi  left, he ducked ju t in time. Fred and George'  broom tick , one  till trailing the heavy chain and iron peg with which Umbridge had fa tened them to the wall, were hurtling along the corridor toward  their owner ; they turned left,  treaked down the  tair  and  topped  harply in front of the twin , the chain clattering loudly on the flagged  tone floor. 'We won't be  eeing you,' Fred told Profe or Umbridge,  winging hi  leg over hi  broom tick. 'Yeah, don't bother to keep in touch,'  aid George, mounting hi  own. Fred looked around at the a embled  tudent , at the  ilent, watchful crowd. 'If anyone fancie  buying a Portable Swamp, a  demon trated up tair , come to number ninety-three, Diagon Alley - Wea ley ' Wizarding Wheeze ,' he  aid in a loud voice. 'Our new premi e !' 'Special di count  to Hogwart   tudent  who  wear they're going to u e our product  to get rid of thi  old bat,' added George, pointing at Profe or Umbridge. 'STOP THEM!'  hrieked Umbridge, but it wa  too late. A  the Inqui itorial Squad clo ed in, Fred and George kicked off from the floor,  hooting fifteen feet into the air, the iron peg  winging dangerou ly below. Fred looked acro  the hall at the poltergei t bobbing on hi  level above the crowd. 'Give her hell from u , Peeve .' And Peeve , who Harry had never  een take an order from a  tudent before,  wept hi  belled hat from hi  head and  prang to a  alute a  Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuou  applau e from the  tudent  below and  ped out of the open front door  into the gloriou   un et. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 30 - Grawp The  tory of Fred and George'  flight to freedom wa  retold  o often over the next few day  that Harry could tell it would  oon become the  tuff of Hogwart  legend: within a week, even tho e who had been eye-witne e  were half-convinced they had  een the twin  dive-bomb Umbridge on their broom  and pelt her with Dungbomb  before zooming out of the door . In the immediate aftermath of their departure there wa  a great wave of talk about copying them. Harry frequently heard  tudent   aying thing  like, 'Hone tly  ome day  I ju t feel like jumping on my broom and leaving thi  place,' or el e, 'One more le on like that and I might ju t do a Wea ley.' Fred and George had made  ure nobody wa  likely to forget them too  oon. For one thing, they had not left in truction  on how to remove the  wamp that now filled the corridor on the fifth floor of the ea t wing. Umbridge and Filch had been ob erved trying different mean  of removing it but without  ucce . Eventually the area wa  roped off and Filch, gna hing hi  teeth furiou ly, wa  given the ta k of punting  tudent  acro  it to their cla room . Harry wa  certain that teacher  like McGonagall or Flitwick could have removed the  wamp in an in tant but, ju t a  in the ca e of Fred and George  Wildfire Whiz-bang , they  eemed to prefer to watch Umbridge  truggle. Then there were the two large broom- haped hole  in Umbridge'  office door, through which Fred and George'  Clean weep  had  ma hed to rejoin their ma ter . Filch fitted a new door and removed Harry'  Firebolt to the dungeon  where, it wa  rumoured, Umbridge had  et an armed  ecurity troll to guard it. However, her trouble  were far from over. In pired by Fred and George'  example, a great number of  tudent  were now vying for the newly vacant po ition  of Troublemaker -in-Chief. In  pite of the new door,  omebody managed to  lip a hairy- nouted Niffler into Umbridge'  office, which promptly tore the place apart in it   earch for  hiny object , leapt on Umbridge when  he entered and tried to gnaw the ring  off her  tubby finger . Dungbomb  and Stink Pellet  were dropped  o frequently in the corridor  that it became the new fa hion for  tudent  to perform Bubble-Head Charm  on them elve  before leaving le on , which en ured them a  upply of fre h air, even though it gave them all the peculiar appearance of wearing up ide-down goldfi h bowl  on their head . Filch prowled the corridor  with a hor ewhip ready in hi  hand , de perate to catch mi creant , but the problem wa  that there were now  o many of them he never knew which way to turn. The Inqui itorial Squad wa  attempting to help him, but odd thing  kept happening to it  member . Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team reported to the ho pital wing with a horrible  kin complaint that made him look a  though he had been coated in cornflake ; Pan y Parkin on, to Hermione  delight, mi ed all her le on  the following day a   he had  prouted antler . Meanwhile, it became clear ju t how many Skiving Snackboxe  Fred and George had managed to  ell before leaving Hogwart . Umbridge only had to enter her cla room for the  tudent  a embled there to faint, vomit, develop dangerou  fever  or el e  pout blood from both no tril . Shrieking with rage and fru tration,  he attempted to trace the my teriou   ymptom  to their  ource, but the  tudent  told her  tubbornly they were  uffering from 'Umbridge -iti '. After putting four  ucce ive cla e  in detention and failing to di cover their  ecret,  he wa  forced to give up and allow the bleeding,  wooning,  weating and vomiting  tudent  to leave her cla e  in drove . But not even the u er  of the Snackboxe  could compete with that ma ter of chao , Peeve , who  eemed to have taken Fred'  parting word  deeply to heart. Cackling madly, he  oared through the  chool, upending table , bur ting out of blackboard , toppling  tatue  and va e ; twice he  hut Mr . Norri  in ide a  uit of armour, from which  he wa  re cued, yowling loudly, by the furiou  caretaker. Peeve   ma hed lantern  and  nuffed out candle , juggled burning torche  over the head  of  creaming  tudent , cau ed neatly  tacked pile  of parchment to topple into fire  or out of window ; flooded the  econd floor when he pulled off all the tap  in the bathroom , dropped a bag of tarantula  in the middle of the Great Hall during breakfa t and, whenever he fancied a break,  pent hour  at a time floating along after Umbridge and blowing loud ra pberrie  every time  he  poke. None of the  taff but Filch  eemed to be  tirring them elve  to help her. Indeed, a week after Fred and George'  departure Harry witne ed Profe or McGonagall walking right pa t Peeve , who wa  determinedly loo ening a cry tal chandelier, and could have  worn he heard her tell the poltergei t out of the corner of her mouth, 'It un crew  the other way.' To cap matter , Montague had  till not recovered from hi   ojourn in the toilet; he remained confu ed and di orientated and hi  parent  were to be ob erved one Tue day morning  triding up the front drive, looking extremely angry. 'Should we  ay  omething?'  aid Hermione in a worried voice, pre ing her cheek again t the Charm  window  o that  he could  ee Mr and Mr . Montague marching in ide. 'About what happened to him? In ca e it help  Madam Pomfrey cure him?' 'Cour e not, he'll recover,'  aid Ron indifferently. 'Anyway, more trouble for Umbridge, i n't it?'  aid Harry in a  ati fied voice. He and Ron both tapped the teacup  they were  uppo ed to be charming with their wand . Harry'   pouted four very  hort leg  that could not reach the de k and wriggled pointle ly in midair. Ron'  grew four very thin  pindly leg  that hoi ted the cup off the de k with great difficulty, trembled for a few  econd , then folded, cau ing the cup to crack into two. 'Reparo,'  aid Hermione quickly, mending Ron'  cup with a wave of her wand. That'  all very well, but what if Montague'  permanently injured?' 'Who care ?'  aid Ron irritably, while hi  teacup  tood up drunk-enly again, trembling violently at the knee . 'Montague  houldn't have tried to take all tho e point  from Gryffindor,  hould he? If you want to worry about anyone, Hermione, worry about me!' 'You?'  he  aid, catching her teacup a  it  campered happily away acro  the de k on four  turdy little willow-patterned leg , and replacing it in front of her. 'Why  hould I be worried about you?' 'When Mum'  next letter finally get  through Umbridge'   creening proce ,'  aid Ron bitterly, now holding hi  cup up while it  frail leg  tried feebly to  upport it  weight, 'I'm going to be in deep trouble. I wouldn't be  urpri ed if  he'   ent another Howler.' 'But -' 'It'll be my fault Fred and George left, you wait,'  aid Ron darkly. 'She'll  ay I  hould've  topped them leaving, I  hould've grabbed the end  of their broom  and hung on or  omething… yeah, it'll be all my fault.' 'Well, if  he doe   ay that it'll be very unfair, you couldn't have done anything! But I'm  ure  he won't, I mean, if it'  really true they've got premi e  in Diagon Alley, they mu t have been planning thi  for age .' 'Yeah, but that'  another thing, how did they get premi e ?'  aid Ron, hitting hi  teacup  o hard with hi  wand that it  leg  collap ed again and it lay twitching before him. 'It'  a bit dodgy i n't it? They'll need load  of Galleon  to afford the rent on a place in Diagon Alley. She'll want to know what they've been up to, to get their hand  on that  ort of gold.' 'Well, ye , that occurred to me, too,'  aid Hermione, allowing her teacup to jog in neat little circle  around Harry' , who e  tubby little leg  were  till unable to touch the de ktop, 'I've been wondering whether Mundungu  ha  per uaded them to  ell  tolen good  or  omething awful.' 'He ha n't,'  aid Harry curtly. 'How do you know?'  aid Ron and Hermione together. 'Becau e -' Harry he itated, but the moment to confe  finally  eemed to have come. There wa  no good to be gained in keeping  ilent if it meant anyone  u pected that Fred and George were criminal . 'Becau e they got the gold from me. I gave them my Triwizard winning  la t June.' There wa  a  hocked  ilence, then Hermione'  teacup jogged right over the edge of the de k and  ma hed on the floor. 'Oh, Harry, you didn't!'  he  aid. 'Ye , I did,'  aid Harry mutinou ly. 'And I don't regret it, either. I didn't need the gold and they'll be great at running a joke  hop.' 'But thi  i  excellent!'  aid Ron, looking thrilled. 'It'  all your fault, Harry - Mum can't blame me at all! Can I tell her?' 'Yeah, I  uppo e you'd better,'  aid Harry dully, " pecially if  he think  they're receiving  tolen cauldron  or  omething.' Hermione  aid nothing at all for the re t of the le on, but Harry had a  hrewd  u picion that her  elf-re traint wa  bound to crack before long. Sure enough, once they had left the ca tle for break and were  tanding around in the weak May  un hine,  he fixed Harry with a beady eye and opened her mouth with a determined air. Harry interrupted her before  he had even  tarted. 'It'  no good nagging me, it'  done,' he  aid firmly. 'Fred and George have got the gold -  pent a good bit of it, too, by the  ound  of it - and I can't get it back from them and I don't want to. So  ave your breath, Hermione.' 'I wa n't going to  ay anything about Fred and George!'  he  aid in an injured voice. Ron  norted di believingly and Hermione threw him a very dirty look. 'No, I wa n't!'  he  aid angrily. 'A  a matter of fact, I wa  going to a k Harry when he'  going to go back to Snape and a k for more Occlumency le on !' Harry'  heart  ank. Once they had exhau ted the  ubject of Fred and George'  dramatic departure, which admittedly had taken many hour , Ron and Hermione had wanted to hear new  of Siriu . A  Harry had not confided in them the rea on he had wanted to talk to Siriu  in the fir t place, it had been hard to think of what to tell them; he had ended up  aying, truthfully, that Siriu  wanted Harry to re ume Occlumency le on . He had been regretting thi  ever  ince; Hermione would not let the  ubject drop and kept reverting to it when Harry lea t expected it. 'You can't tell me you've  topped having funny dream ,' Hermione  aid now, 'becau e Ron told me you were muttering in your  leep again la t night.' Harry threw Ron a furiou  look. Ron had the grace to look a hamed of him elf. 'You were only muttering a bit,' he mumbled apologetically. 'Something about “ju t a bit further”.' 'I dreamed I wa  watching you lot play Quidditch,' Harry lied brutally. 'I wa  trying to get you to  tretch out a bit further to grab the Quaffle.' Ron'  ear  went red. Harry felt a kind of vindictive plea ure; he had not, of cour e, dreamed anything of the  ort. La t night, he had once again made the journey along the Department of My terie  corridor. He had pa ed through the circular room, then the room full of clicking and dancing light, until he found him elf again in ide that cavernou  room full of  helve  on which were ranged du ty gla   phere . He had hurried  traight toward  row number ninety- even, turned left and run along it… it had probably been then that he had  poken aloud… ju t a bit further… for he felt hi  con ciou   elf  truggling to wake… and before he had reached the end of the row, he had found him elf lying in bed again, gazing up at the canopy of hi  four-po ter. 'You are trying to block your mind, aren't you?'  aid Hermione, looking beadily at Harry. 'You are keeping going with your Occlumency?' 'Of cour e I am,'  aid Harry, trying to  ound a  though thi  que tion wa  in ulting, but not quite meeting her eye. The truth wa  he wa   o inten ely curiou  about what wa  hidden in that room full of du ty orb , that he wa  quite keen for the dream  to continue. The problem wa  that with ju t under a month to go until the exam  and every free moment devoted to revi ion, hi  mind  eemed  o  aturated with information when he went to bed he found it very difficult to get to  leep at all; and when he did, hi  overwrought brain pre ented him mo t night  with  tupid dream  about the exam . He al o  u pected that part of hi  mind - the part that often  poke in Hermione'  voice — now felt guilty on the occa ion  it  trayed down that corridor ending in the black door, and  ought to wake him before he could reach the journey  end. 'You know,'  aid Ron, who e ear  were  till flaming red, 'if Montague doe n't recover before Slytherin play Hufflepuff, we might be in with a chance of winning the Cup.' 'Yeah, I' 'po e  o,'  aid Harry, glad of a change of  ubject. 'I mean, we've won one, lo t one - if Slytherin lo e to Hufflepuff next Saturday -' 'Yeah, that'  right,'  aid Harry, lo ing track of what he wa  agreeing to. Cho Chang had ju t walked acro  the courtyard, determinedly not looking at him. * The final match of the Quidditch  ea on, Gryffindor ver u  Ravenclaw, wa  to take place on the la t weekend of May. Although Slytherin had been narrowly defeated by Hufflepuff in their la t match, Gryffindor were not daring to hope for victory, due mainly (though of cour e nobody  aid it to him) to Ron'  aby mal goal-keeping record. He, however,  eemed to have found a new optimi m. 'I mean, I can't get any wor e, can I?' he told Harry and Hermione grimly over breakfa t on the morning of the match. 'Nothing to lo e now, i  there?' 'You know,'  aid Hermione, a   he and Harry walked down to the pitch a little later in the mid t of a very excitable crowd, 'I think Ron might do better without Fred and George around. They never exactly gave him a lot of confidence.' Luna Lovegood overtook them with what appeared to be a live eagle perched on top of her head. 'Oh, go h, I forgot!'  aid Hermione, watching the eagle flapping it  wing  a  Luna walked  erenely pa t a group of cackling and pointing Slytherin . 'Cho will be playing, won't  he?' Harry, who had not forgotten thi , merely grunted. They found  eat  in the topmo t row of the  tand . It wa  a fine, clear day; Ron could not wi h for better, and Harry found him elf hoping again t hope that Ron would not give the Slytherin  cau e for more rou ing choru e  of 'Wea ley i  our King'. Lee Jordan, who had been very di pirited  ince Fred and George had left, wa  commentating a  u ual. A  the team  zoomed out on to the pitch he named the player  with  omething le  than hi  u ual gu to. '… Bradley… Davie … Chang,' he  aid, and Harry felt hi   tomach perform, le  of a back flip, more a feeble lurch a  Cho walked out on to the pitch, her  hiny black hair rippling in the  light breeze. He wa  not  ure what he wanted to happen any more, except that he could not  tand any more row . Even the  ight of her chatting animatedly to Roger Davie  a  they prepared to mount their broom  cau ed him only a  light twinge of jealou y. 'And they're off!'  aid Lee. 'And Davie  take  the Quaffle immediately, Ravenclaw Captain Davie  with the Quaffle, he dodge  John on, he dodge  Bell, he dodge  Spinnet a  well… he'  going  traight for goal! He'  going to  hoot - and - and -' Lee  wore very loudly. 'And he'   cored.' Harry and Hermione groaned with the re t of the Gryffindor . Predictably, horribly, the Slytherin  on the other  ide of the  tand  began to  ing: "Wea ley cannot  ave a thing He cannot block a  ingle ring…' 'Harry'  aid a hoar e voice in Harry  ear. 'Hermione…' Harry looked round and  aw Hagrid'  enormou  bearded face  ticking between the  eat . Apparently, he had  queezed hi  way all along the row behind, for the fir t- and  econd-year  he had ju t pa ed had a ruffled, flattened look about them. For  ome rea on, Hagrid wa  bent double a  though anxiou  not to be  een, though he wa   till at lea t four feet taller than everybody el e. 'Li ten,' he whi pered, 'can yeh come with me? Now? While ev'ryone'  watchin' the match?' 'Er… can't it wait, Hagrid?' a ked Harry. Till the match i  over?' 'No,'  aid Hagrid. 'No, Harry, it'  gotta be now… while ev'ryone'  lookin' the other way… plea e?' Hagrid'  no e wa  gently dripping blood. Hi  eye  were both blackened. Harry had not  een him thi  clo e-up  ince hi  return to the  chool; he looked utterly woebegone. 'Cour e,'  aid Harry at once, 'cour e we'll come.' He and Hermione edged back along their row of  eat , cau ing much grumbling among the  tudent  who had to  tand up for them. The people in Hagrid'  row were not complaining, merely attempting to make them elve  a   mall a  po ible. 'I 'ppreciate thi , you two, I really do,'  aid Hagrid a  they reached the  tair . He kept looking around nervou ly a  they de cended toward  the lawn below. 'I ju ' hope  he doe n' notice u  goin'.' 'You mean Umbridge?'  aid Harry. 'She won't,  he'  got her whole Inqui itorial Squad  itting with her, didn't you  ee? She mu t be expecting trouble at the match.' 'Yeah, well, a bit o' trouble wouldn' hurt,'  aid Hagrid, pau ing to peer around the edge of the  tand  to make  ure the  tretch of lawn between there and hi  cabin wa  de erted. 'Give u  more time.' 'What i  it, Hagrid?'  aid Hermione, looking up at him with a concerned expre ion on her face a  they hurried acro  the gra  toward  the edge of the Fore t. 'Yeh - yeh'll  ee in a mo','  aid Hagrid, looking over hi   houlder a  a great roar ro e from the  tand  behind them. 'Hey - did  omeone ju '  core?' 'It'll be Ravenclaw,'  aid Harry heavily. 'Good… good…'  aid Hagrid di tractedly. Tha'  good…' They had to jog to keep up with him a  he  trode acro  the lawn, looking around with every other  tep. When they reached hi  cabin, Hermione turned automatically left toward  the front door. Hagrid, however, walked  traight pa t it into the  hade of the tree  on the outermo t edge of the Fore t, where he picked up a cro bow that wa  leaning again t a tree. When he reali ed they were no longer with him, he turned. 'We're goin' in here,' he  aid, jerking hi   haggy head behind him. 'Into the Fore t?'  aid Hermione, perplexed. 'Yeah,'  aid Hagrid. 'C'mon now, quick, before we're  potted!' Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then ducked into the cover of the tree  behind Hagrid, who wa  already  triding away from them into the green gloom, hi  cro bow over hi  arm. Harry and Hermione ran to catch up with him. 'Hagrid, why are you armed?'  aid Harry. 'Ju ' a precaution,'  aid Hagrid,  hrugging hi  ma ive  houlder . 'You didn't bring your cro bow the day you  howed u  the The tral ,'  aid Hermione timidly. 'Nah, well, we weren' goin' in  o far then,'  aid Hagrid. 'An' anyway, tha' wa  before Firenze left the Fore t, wa n' it?' 'Why doe  Firenze leaving make a difference?' a ked Hermione curiou ly. 'Cau e the other centaur  are good an' riled at me, tha'  why,'  aid Hagrid quietly, glancing around. 'They u ed ter be - well, yeh couldn' call 'em friendly — but we got on all righ'. Kept 'em elve  to 'em elve , bu' alway  turned up if I wanted a word. Not any more.' He  ighed deeply. 'Firenze  aid they're angry becau e he went to work for Dumbledore,' Harry  aid, tripping on a protruding root becau e he wa  bu y watching Hagrid'  profile. 'Yeah,'  aid Hagrid heavily. 'Well, angry doe n' cover it. Ruddy livid. If I hadn'  tepped in, I reckon they'd've kicked Firenze ter death -' 'They attacked him?'  aid Hermione,  ounding  hocked. 'Yep,'  aid Hagrid gruffly, forcing hi  way through  everal low-hanging branche . 'He had half the herd on to him.' 'And you  topped it?'  aid Harry, amazed and impre ed. 'By your elf?' 'Cour e I did, couldn't  tand by an' watch 'em kill 'im, could I?'  aid Hagrid. 'Lucky I wa  pa in', really… an' I'd've thought Firenze mighta remembered tha' before he  tarted  endin' me  tupid warnin' !' he added hotly and unexpectedly. Harry and Hermione looked at each other,  tartled, but Hagrid,  cowling, did not elaborate., 'Anyway,' he  aid, breathing a little more heavily than -u ual, ' ince then the other centaur 've bin livid with me, an' the trouble i  they've got a lot of influence in the Fore t… clevere t creature  in here.' 'I  that why we're here, Hagrid?' a ked Hermione. 'The centaur ?' 'Ah, no,'  aid Hagrid,  haking hi  head di mi ively, 'no, it'  not them. Well, o' cour e, they could complicate the problem, yeah… but yeh'll  ee what I mean in a bit.' On thi  incomprehen ible note he fell  ilent and forged a little ahead, taking one  tride for every three of their ,  o that they had great trouble keeping up with him. The path wa  becoming increa ingly overgrown and the tree  grew  o clo ely together a  they walked further and further into the Fore t that it wa  a  dark a  du k. They were  oon a long way pa t the clearing where Hagrid had  hown them the The tral , but Harry felt no  en e of unea e until Hagrid  tepped unexpectedly off the path and began wending hi  way in and out of tree  toward  the dark heart of the Fore t. 'Hagrid!'  aid Harry, fighting hi  way through thickly knotted bramble , over which Hagrid had  tepped with ea e, and remembering very vividly what had happened to him on the other occa ion he had  tepped off the Fore t path. 'Where are we going?' 'Bit further,'  aid Hagrid over hi   houlder. 'C'mon, Harry… we need ter keep together now.' It wa  a great  truggle to keep up with Hagrid, what with branche  and thicket  of thorn through which Hagrid marched a  ea ily a  if they were cobweb , but which  nagged Harry and Hermione'  robe , frequently entangling them  o  everely that they had to  top for minute  at a time to free them elve . Harry'  arm  and leg  were  oon covered in  mall cut  and  cratche . They were  o deep in the Fore t now that  ometime  all Harry could  ee of Hagrid in the gloom wa  a ma ive dark  hape ahead of him. Any  ound  eemed threatening in the muffled  ilence. The breaking of a twig echoed loudly and the tinie t ru tle of movement, even though it might have been made by an innocent  parrow, cau ed Harry to peer through the gloom for a culprit. It occurred to him that he had never managed to get thi  far into the Fore t without meeting  ome kind of creature; their ab ence  truck him a  rather ominou . 'Hagrid, would it be all right if we lit our wand ?'  aid Hermione quietly. 'Er… all righ',' Hagrid whi pered back. 'In fact -' He  topped  uddenly and turned around; Hermione walked right into him and wa  knocked over backward . Harry caught her ju t before  he hit the Fore t floor. 'Maybe we be ' ju '  top fer a momen',  o I can… fill yeh in,'  aid Hagrid. 'Before we ge' there, like.' 'Good!'  aid Hermione, a  Harry  et her back on her feet. They both murmured 'Lumo !' and their wand-tip  ignited. Hagrid'  face  wam through the gloom by the light of the two wavering beam  and Harry  aw again that he looked nervou  and  ad. 'Righ','  aid Hagrid. 'Well…  ee… the thing i …' He took a great breath. 'Well, there'  a good chance I'm goin' ter be gettin' the  ack any day now,' he  aid. Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then back at him. 'But you've la ted thi  long -' Hermione  aid tentatively. 'What make  you think -' 'Umbridge reckon  it wa  me that put tha' Niffler in her office.' 'And wa  it?'  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf. 'No, it ruddy well wa n'!'  aid Hagrid indignantly. 'On'y any-thin' ter do with magical creature  an'  he think  it'  got  omethin' ter do with me. Yeh know  he'  bin lookin' fer a chance ter get rid of me ever  ince I got back. I don' wan' ter go, o' cour e, but if it wa n' fer… well… the  pecial circum tance  I'm abou' ter explain to yeh, I'd leave righ' now, before  he'  go' the chance ter do it in front o' the whole  chool, like  he did with Trelawney.' Harry and Hermione both made noi e  of prote t, but Hagrid overrode them with a wave of one of hi  enormou  hand . 'It'  not the end o' the world, I'll be able ter help Dumbledore once I'm outta here, I can be u eful ter the Order. An' you lot'll have Grubbly-Plank, yeh'll - yeh'll get through yer exam  fine…" Hi  voice trembled and broke. 'Don' worry abou' me,' he  aid ha tily, a  Hermione made to pat hi  arm. He pulled hi  enormou   potted handkerchief from the pocket of hi  wai tcoat and mopped hi  eye  with it. 'Look, I wouldn' be tellin' yer thi  at all if I didn' have ter. See, if I go… well, I can' leave withou'… withou' tellin'  omeone… becau e I'll - I'll need yeh two ter help me. An' Ron, if he'  willin'.' 'Of cour e we'll help you,'  aid Harry at once. 'What do you want u  to do?' Hagrid gave a great  niff and patted Harry wordle ly on the  houlder with  uch force Harry wa  knocked  ideway  into a tree. '1 knew yeh'd  ay ye ,'  aid Hagrid into hi  handkerchief, 'but I won'… never… forget… well… c'mon… ju ' a little bit further through here… watch yer elve , now, there'  nettle …' They walked on in  ilence for another fifteen minute ; Harry had opened hi  mouth to a k how much further they had to go when Hagrid threw out hi  right arm to  ignal that they  hould  top. 'Really ea y' he  aid  oftly. 'Very quiet, now…' They crept forward  and Harry  aw that they were facing a large,  mooth mound of earth nearly a  tall a  Hagrid that he thought, with a jolt of dread, wa   ure to be the lair of  ome enormou  animal. Tree  had been ripped up at the root  all around the mound,  o that it  tood on a bare patch of ground  urrounded by heap  of trunk  and bough  that formed a kind of fence or barricade, behind which Harry, Hermione and Hagrid now  tood. 'Sleepin',' breathed Hagrid. Sure enough, Harry could hear a di tant, rhythmic rumbling that  ounded like a pair of enormou  lung  at work. He glanced  ideway  at Hermione, who wa  gazing at the mound with her mouth  lightly open. She looked utterly terrified. 'Hagrid,'  he  aid in a whi per barely audible over the  ound of the  leeping creature, 'who i  he?' Harry found thi  an odd que tion… 'What i  it?' wa  the one he had been planning on a king. 'Hagrid, you told u  -'  aid Hermione, her wand now  haking in her hand, 'you told u  none of them wanted to come!' Harry looked from her to Hagrid and then, a  reali ation hit him, he looked back at the mound with a  mall ga p of horror. The great mound of earth, on which he, Hermione and Hagrid could ea ily have  tood, wa  moving  lowly up and down in time with the deep, grunting breathing. It wa  not a mound at all. It wa  the curved back of what wa  clearly — 'Well - no - he didn' want ter come,'  aid Hagrid,  ounding de perate. 'But I had ter bring him, Hermione, I had ter!' 'But why?' a ked Hermione, who  ounded a  though  he wanted to cry. 'Why - what - oh, Hagridr 'I knew if I ju ' got him back,'  aid Hagrid,  ounding clo e to tear  him elf, 'an' - an' taught him a few manner  - I'd be able ter take him out ide an'  how ev'ryone he'  harmle !' 'Harmle !'  aid Hermione  hrilly, and Hagrid made frantic hu hing noi e  with hi  hand  a  the enormou  creature before them grunted loudly and  hifted in it   leep. 'He'  been hurting you all thi  time, ha n't he? That'  why you've had all the e injurie !' 'He don' know hi  own  trength!'  aid Hagrid earne tly. 'An' he'  gettin' better, he'  not fightin'  o much any more —' 'So, thi  i  why it took you two month  to get home!'  aid Hermione di tractedly. 'Oh, Hagrid, why did you bring him back if he didn't want to come? Wouldn't he have been happier with hi  own people?' They were all bullyin' him, Hermione, 'cau e he'   o  mall!'  aid Hagrid. 'Small?'  aid Hermione. 'Small?' 'Hermione, I couldn' leave him,'  aid Hagrid, tear  now trickling down hi  brui ed face into hi  beard. 'See - he'  my brother!' Hermione  imply  tared at him, her mouth open. 'Hagrid, when you  ay “brother”,'  aid Harry  lowly, 'do you mean —?' 'Well - half-brother,' amended Hagrid. Turn  put me mother took up with another giant when  he left me dad, an'  he went an' had Grawp here -' 'Grawp?'  aid Harry. 'Yeah… well, tha'  what it  ound  like when he  ay  hi  name,'  aid Hagrid anxiou ly. 'He don'  peak a lot of Engli h… I've bin tryin' ter teach him… anyway,  he don'  eem ter have liked him much more'n  he liked me. See, with giante e , what count  i  producin' good big kid , and he'  alway  been a bit on the runty  ide fer a giant - on'y  ixteen foot -' 'Oh, ye , tiny!'  aid Hermione, with a kind of hy terical  arca m. 'Ab olutely minu cule!' 'He wa  bein' kicked aroun' by all o' them - I ju ' couldn' leave him -' 'Did Madame Maxime want to bring him back?' a ked Harry. 'She - well,  he could  ee it wa  right importan' ter me,'  aid Hagrid, twi ting hi  enormou  hand . 'Bu' - bu'  he got a bit tired o' him after a while, I mu t admit…  o we  plit up on the journey home…  he promi ed not ter tell anyone, though…" 'How on earth did you get him back without anyone noticing?'  aid Harry. 'Well, tha'  why it took  o long,  ee,'  aid Hagrid. 'Could on'y travel by nigh' an' through wild country an'  tuff. Cour e, he cover  the ground pretty well when he want  ter, but he kep' wantin' ter go back.' 'Oh, Hagrid, why on earth didn't you let him!'  aid Hermione, flopping down on to a ripped up tree and burying her face in her hand . 'What do you think you're going to do with a violent giant who doe n't even want to be here!' 'Well, now - “violent” - tha'  a bit har h,'  aid Hagrid,  till twi ting hi  hand  agitatedly. Til admit he mighta taken a couple o'  wing  at me when he'  bin in a bad mood, but he'  gettin' better, load  better,  ettlin' down well.' 'What are tho e rope  for, then?' Harry a ked. He had ju t noticed rope  thick a   apling   tretching from around the trunk  of the large t nearby tree  toward  the place where Grawp lay curled on the ground with hi  back to them. 'You have to keep him tied up?'  aid Hermione faintly. 'Well… yeah…'  aid Hagrid, looking anxiou . 'See - it'  like I  ay - he doe n' really know 'i  own  trength.' Harry under tood now why there had been  uch a  u piciou  lack of any other living creature in thi  part of the Fore t. 'So, what i  it you want Harry and Ron and me to do?' Hermione a ked apprehen ively. 'Look after him,'  aid Hagrid croakily. 'After I'm gone.' Harry and Hermione exchanged mi erable look , Harry uncomfortably aware that he had already promi ed Hagrid that he would do whatever he a ked. 'What - what doe  that involve, exactly?' Hermione enquired. 'Not food or anythin'!'  aid Hagrid eagerly. 'He can get hi  own food, no problem. Bird  an' deer an'  tuff… no, it'  company he need . If I ju ' knew  omeone wa  carryin' on tryin' ter help him a bit… teachin' him, yeh know.' Harry  aid nothing, but turned to look back at the gigantic form lying a leep on the ground in front of them. Unlike Hagrid, who  imply looked like an over ized human, Grawp looked  trangely mi hapen. What Harry had taken to be a va t mo y boulder to the left of the great earthen mound he now recogni ed a  Grawp'  head. It wa  much larger in proportion to the body than a human head, and wa  almo t perfectly round and covered with tightly curling, clo e-growing hair the colour of bracken. The rim of a  ingle large, fle hy ear wa  vi ible on top of the head, which  eemed to  it, rather like Uncle Vernon' , directly upon the  houlder  with little or no neck in between. The back, under what looked like a dirty browni h  mock compri ed of animal  kin   ewn roughly together, wa  very broad; and a  Grawp  lept, it  eemed to  train a little at the rough  eam  of the  kin . The leg  were curled up under the body. Harry could  ee the  ole  of enormou , filthy, bare feet, large a   ledge , re ting one on top of the other on the earthy Fore t floor. 'You want u  to teach him,' Harry  aid in a hollow voice. He now under tood what Firenze'  warning had meant. Hi  attempt i  not working. He would do better to abandon it. Of cour e, the other creature  who lived in the Fore t would have heard Hagrid  fruitle  attempt  to teach Grawp Engli h. 'Yeah - even if yeh ju ' talk ter him a bit,'  aid Hagrid hopefully. "Cau e I reckon, if he can talk ter people, he'll under tand more that we all like 'im really, an' want 'im ter  tay.' Harry looked at Hermione, who peered back at him from between the finger  over her face. 'Kind of make  you wi h we had Norbert back, doe n't it?' he  aid, and  he gave a very  haky laugh. 'Yeh'll do it, then?'  aid Hagrid, who did not  eem to have caught what Harry had ju t  aid. 'We'll…'  aid Harry, already bound by hi  promi e. 'We'll try, Hagrid.' 'I knew I could count on yeh, Harry,' Hagrid  aid, beaming in a very watery way and dabbing at hi  face with hi  handkerchief again. 'An' I don' wan1 yeh ter put yer elf out too much, like… I know yeh've got exam … if yeh could ju ' nip down here in yer Invi ibility Cloak maybe once a week an' have a little chat with 'im. I'll wake 'im up, then - introduce yeh -' 'Wha— no!'  aid Hermione, jumping up. 'Hagrid, no, don't wake him, really, we don't need -' But Hagrid had already  tepped over the great tree trunk in front of them and wa  proceeding toward  Grawp. When he wa  about ten feet away, he lifted a long, broken bough from the ground,  miled rea uringly over hi   houlder at Harry and Hermione, then poked Grawp hard in the middle of the back with the end of the bough. The giant gave a roar that echoed around the  ilent Fore t; bird  in the treetop  overhead ro e twittering from their perche  and  oared away. In front of Harry and Hermione, meanwhile, the gigantic Grawp wa  ri ing from the ground, which  huddered a  he placed an enormou  hand upon it to pu h him elf on to hi  knee . He turned hi  head to  ee who and what had di turbed him. 'All righ', Grawpy?'  aid Hagrid, in a would-be cheery voice, backing away with the long bough rai ed, ready to poke Grawp again. 'Had a nice  leep, eh?' Harry and Hermione retreated a  far a  they could while  till keeping the giant within their  ight . Grawp knelt between two tree  he had not yet uprooted. They looked up into hi   tartlingly huge face that re embled a grey full moon  wimming in the gloom of the clearing. It wa  a  though the feature  had been hewn on to a great  tone ball. The no e wa   tubby and  hapele , the mouth lop ided and full of mi hapen yellow teeth the  ize of half-brick ; the eye ,  mall by giant  tandard , were a muddy greeni h-brown and ju t now were half-gummed together with  leep. Grawp rai ed dirty knuckle , each a  big a  a cricket ball, to hi  eye , rubbed vigorou ly, then, without warning, pu hed him elf to hi  feet with  urpri ing  peed and agility. 'Oh my!' Harry heard Hermione  queal, terrified, be ide him. The tree  to which the other end  of the rope  around Grawp'  wri t  and ankle  were attached creaked ominou ly. He wa , a  Hagrid had  aid, at lea t  ixteen feet tall. Gazing blearily around, Grawp reached out a hand the  ize of a beach umbrella,  eized a bird'  ne t from the upper branche  of a towering pine and turned it up ide-down with a roar of apparent di plea ure that there wa  no bird in it; egg  fell like grenade  toward  the ground and Hagrid threw hi  arm  over hi  head to protect him elf. 'Anyway, Grawpy,'  houted Hagrid, looking up apprehen ively in ca e of further falling egg , 'I've brought  ome friend  ter meet yeh. Remember, I told yeh I might? Remember, when I  aid I might have ter go on a little trip an' leave them ter look after yeh fer a bit? Remember that, Grawpy?' But Grawp merely gave another low roar; it wa  hard to  ay whether he wa  li tening to Hagrid or whether he even recogni ed the  ound  Hagrid wa  making a   peech. He had now  eized the top of the pine tree and wa  pulling it toward  him, evidently for the  imple plea ure of  eeing how far it would  pring back when he let go. 'Now, Grawpy, don' do that!'  houted Hagrid. 'Tha'  how you ended up pullin' up the other  -' And  ure enough, Harry could  ee the earth around the tree'  root  beginning to crack. 'I got company for yeh!' Hagrid  houted. 'Company,  ee! Look down, yeh big buffoon, I brought yeh  ome friend !' 'Oh, Hagrid, don't,' moaned Hermione, but Hagrid had already rai ed the bough again and gave Grawp'  knee a  harp poke. The giant let go of the top of the tree, which  wayed alarmingly and deluged Hagrid with a rain of pine needle , and looked down. Thi ,'  aid Hagrid, ha tening over to where Harry and Hermione  tood, 'i  Harry, Grawp! Harry Potter! He migh' be comin' ter vi it yeh if I have ter go away, under tand?' The giant had only ju t reali ed that Harry and Hermione were there. They watched, in great trepidation, a  he lowered hi  huge boulder of a head  o that he could peer blearily at them. 'An' thi  i  Hermione,  ee? Her—' Hagrid he itated. Turning to Hermione, he  aid, 'Would yeh mind if he called yeh Hermy, Hermione? On'y it'  a difficult name fer him ter remember.' 'No, not at all,'  queaked Hermione. Thi  i  Hermy, Grawp! An'  he'  gonna be comin' an' all! I 'n' tha' nice? Eh? Two friend  fer yeh ter - GRAWPY, NO!' Grawp'  hand had  hot out of nowhere toward  Hermione; Harry  eized her and pulled her backward  behind the tree,  o that Grawp'  fi t  craped the trunk but clo ed on thin air. 'BAD BOY, GRAWPY!' they heard Hagrid yelling, a  Hermione clung to Harry behind the tree,  haking and whimpering. 'VERY BAD BOY! YEH DON' GRAB - OUCH!' Harry poked hi  head out from around the trunk and  aw Hagrid lying on hi  back, hi  hand over hi  no e. Grawp, apparently lo ing intere t, had  traightened up and wa  again engaged in pulling back the pine a  far a  it would go. 'Righ','  aid Hagrid thickly, getting up with one hand pinching hi  bleeding no e and the other gra ping hi  cro bow, 'well… there yeh are… yeh've met him an' - an' now he'll know yeh when yeh come back. Yeah… well…' He looked up at Grawp, who wa  now pulling back the pine with an expre ion of detached plea ure on hi  boulderi h face; the root  were creaking a  he ripped them away from the ground. 'Well, I reckon tha'  enough fer one day,'  aid Hagrid. 'We'll -er - we'll go back now,  hall we?' Harry and Hermione nodded. Hagrid  houldered hi  cro bow again and,  till pinching hi  no e, led the way back into the tree . Nobody  poke for a while, not even when they heard the di tant cra h that meant Grawp had pulled over the pine tree at la t. Hermione'  face wa  pale and  et. Harry could not think of a  ingle thing to  ay. What on earth wa  going to happen when  omebody found out that Hagrid had hidden Grawp in the Forbidden Fore t? And he had promi ed that he, Ron and Hermione would continue Hagrid'  totally pointle  attempt  to civili e the giant. How could Hagrid, even with hi  immen e capacity to delude him elf that fanged mon ter  were loveably harmle , fool him elf that Grawp would ever be fit to mix with human ? 'Hold it,'  aid Hagrid abruptly, ju t a  Harry and Hermione were  truggling through a patch of thick knotgra  behind him. He pulled an arrow out of the quiver over hi   houlder and fitted it into the cro bow. Harry and Hermione rai ed their wand ; now that they had  topped walking, they, too, could hear movement clo e by. 'Oh, blimey'  aid Hagrid quietly. 'I thought we told you, Hagrid,'  aid a deep male voice, 'that you are no longer welcome here?' A man'  naked tor o  eemed for an in tant to be floating toward  them through the dappled green half-light; then they  aw that hi  wai t joined  moothly into a hor e'  che tnut body. Thi  centaur had a proud, high-cheekboned face and long black hair. Like Hagrid, he wa  armed; a quiverful of arrow  and a longbow were  lung over hi   houlder . 'How are yeh, Magorian?'  aid Hagrid warily. The tree  behind the centaur ru tled and four or five more centaur  emerged behind him. Harry recogni ed the black-bodied and bearded Bane, whom he had met nearly four year  ago on the  ame night he had met Firenze. Bane gave no  ign that he had ever  een Harry before. 'So,' he  aid, with a na ty inflection in hi  voice, before turning immediately to Magorian. 'We agreed, I think, what we would do if thi  human ever  howed hi  face in the Fore t again?' 'Thi  human" now, am I?'  aid Hagrid te tily. 'Ju ' fer  toppin' all of yeh committin' murder?' 'You ought not to have meddled, Hagrid,'  aid Magorian. 'Our way  are not your , nor are our law . Firenze ha  betrayed and di honoured u .' 'I dunno how yeh'work that out,'  aid Hagrid impatiently. 'He'  done nothin' except help Albu  Dumbledore -' 'Firenze ha  entered into  ervitude to human ,'  aid a grey centaur with a hard, deeply lined face. 'Servitude!'  aid Hagrid  cathingly. 'He'  doin' Dumbledore a favour i  all -' 'He i  peddling our knowledge and  ecret  among human ,'  aid Magorian quietly. There can be no return from  uch di grace.' 'If yeh  ay  o,'  aid Hagrid,  hrugging, 'but per onally I think yeh're makin' a big mi take -' 'A  are you, human,'  aid Bane, 'coming back into our Fore t when we warned you -' 'Now, yeh li ten ter me,'  aid Hagrid angrily. Til have le  of the 'our" Fore t, if it'  all the  ame ter yeh. It'  not up ter yeh who come  an' goe  in here -' 'No more i  it up to you, Hagrid,'  aid Magorian  moothly. 'I  hall let you pa  today becau e you are accompanied by your young —' They're not hi !' interrupted Bane contemptuou ly. 'Student , Magorian, from up at the  chool! They have probably already profited from the traitor Firenze'  teaching .' 'Neverthele ,'  aid Magorian calmly, 'the  laughter of foal  i  a terrible crime - we do not touch the innocent. Today, Hagrid, you pa . Henceforth,  tay away from thi  place. You forfeited the friend hip of the centaur  when you helped the traitor Firenze e cape u .' 'I won' be kept outta the Fore ' by a bunch o' old mule  like yeh!'  aid Hagrid loudly. 'Hagrid,'  aid Hermione in a high-pitched and terrified voice, a  both Bane and the grey centaur pawed at the ground, 'let'  go, plea e let'  go!' Hagrid moved forward , but hi  cro bow wa   till rai ed and hi  eye  were  till fixed threateningly upon Magorian. 'We know what you are keeping in the Fore t, Hagrid!' Magorian called after them, a  the centaur   lipped out of  ight. 'And our tolerance i  waning!' Hagrid turned and gave every appearance of wanting to walk  traight back to Magorian. 'Yeh'll tolerate 'im a  long a  he'  here, it'  a  much hi  Fore t a  your !' he yelled, a  Harry and Hermione both pu hed with all their might again t Hagrid'  mole kin wai tcoat in an effort to keep him moving forward . Still  cowling, he looked down; hi  expre ion changed to mild  urpri e at the  ight of them both pu hing him; he  eemed not to have felt it. 'Calm down, you two,' he  aid, turning to walk on while they panted along behind him. 'Ruddy old mule , though, eh?' 'Hagrid,'  aid Hermione breathle ly,  kirting the patch of nettle  they had pa ed on their way there, 'if the centaur  don't want human  in the Fore t, it doe n't really look a  though Harry and I will be able -' 'Ah, you heard what they  aid, ' aid Hagrid di mi ively, 'they wouldn't hurt foal  - I mean, kid . Anyway, we can' let our elve  be pu hed aroun' by that lot.' 'Nice try,' Harry murmured to Hermione, who looked cre tfallen. At la t they rejoined the path and, after another ten minute , the tree  began to thin; they were able to  ee patche  of clear blue  ky again and, in the di tance, the definite  ound  of cheering and  houting. 'Wa  that another goal?' a ked Hagrid, pau ing in the  helter of the tree  a  the Quidditch  tadium came into view. 'Or d'yeh reckon the match i  over?' 'I don't know,'  aid Hermione mi erably. Harry  aw that  he looked much the wor e for wear; her hair wa  full of twig  and leave , her robe  were ripped in  everal place  and there were numerou   cratche  on her face and arm . He knew he mu t look little better. 'I reckon it'  over, yeh know!'  aid Hagrid,  till  quinting toward  the  tadium. 'Look - there'  people comin' out already - if yeh two hurry yeh'll be able ter blend in with the crowd an' no one'll know yeh weren't there!' 'Good idea,'  aid Harry. 'Well…  ee you later, then, Hagrid.' 'I don't believe him,'  aid Hermione in a very un teady voice, the moment they were out of ear hot of Hagrid. 'I don't believe him. I really don't believe him.' 'Calm down,'  aid Harry. 'Calm down!'  he  aid feveri hly. 'A giant! A giant in the Fore t! And we're  uppo ed to give him Engli h le on ! Alway  a uming, of cour e, we can get pa t the herd of murderou  centaur  on the way in and out! I - don't - believe - him!' 'We haven't got to do anything yet!' Harry tried to rea ure her in a quiet voice, a  they joined a  tream of jabbering Hufflepuff  heading back toward  the ca tle. 'He'  not a king u  to do anything unle  he get  chucked out and that might not even happen.' 'Oh, come off it, Harry!'  aid Hermione angrily,  topping dead in her track   o that the people behind had to  werve to avoid her. 'Of cour e he'  going to be chucked out and, to be perfectly hone t, after what we've ju t  een, who can blame Umbridge?' There wa  a pau e in which Harry glared at her, and her eye  filled  lowly with tear . 'You didn't mean that,'  aid Harry quietly. 'No… well… all right… I didn't,'  he  aid, wiping her eye  angrily. 'But why doe  he have to make life  o difficult for him elf - for u ?' 'I dunno -' 'Wea ley i  our King, Wea ley i  our King, He didn't let the Quaffle in, Wea ley i  our King…" 'And I wi h they'd  top  inging that  tupid  ong,'  aid Hermione mi erably, 'haven't they gloated enough?' A great tide of  tudent  wa  moving up the  loping lawn  from the pitch. 'Oh, let'  get in before we have to meet the Slytherin ,'  aid Hermione. 'Wea ley can  ave anything, He never leave  a  ingle ring, That'  why.Gryffindor  all  ing: Wea ley i  our King.' 'Hermione…'  aid Harry  lowly. The  ong wa  growing louder, but it wa  i uing not from a crowd of green-and- ilver-clad Slytherin , but from a ma  of red and gold moving  lowly toward  the ca tle, bearing a  olitary figure upon it  many  houlder . 'Wea ley i  our King, Wea ley i  our King, He didn't let the Quaffle in, Wea ley i  our King…" 'No?'  aid Hermione in a hu hed voice. 'YES!'  aid Harry loudly. 'HARRY! HERMIONE!' yelled Ron, waving the  ilver Quidditch cup in the air and looking quite be ide him elf. 'WE DID IT! WE WON!' They beamed up at him a  he pa ed. There wa  a  crum at the door of the ca tle and Ron'  head got rather badly bumped on the lintel, but nobody  eemed to want to put him down. Still  inging, the crowd  queezed it elf into the Entrance Hall and out of  ight. Harry and Hermione watched them go, beaming, until the la t echoing  train  of 'Wea ley i  our King' died away. Then they turned to each other, their  mile  fading. 'We'll  ave our new  till tomorrow,  hall we?'  aid Harry. 'Ye , all right,'  aid Hermione wearily. 'I'm not in any hurry.' They climbed the  tep  together. At the front door  both in tinctively looked back at the Forbidden Fore t. Harry wa  not  ure whether or not it wa  hi  imagination, but he rather thought he  aw a  mall cloud of bird  erupting into the air over the tree top  in the di tance, almo t a  though the tree in which they had been ne ting had ju t been pulled up by the root . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 31 - O.W.L.  Ron'  euphoria at helping Gryffindor  crape the Quidditch cup wa   uch that he couldn't  ettle to anything next day. All he wanted to do wa  talk over the match,  o Harry and Hermione found it very difficult to find an opening in which to mention Grawp. Not that either of them tried very hard; neither wa  keen to be the one to bring Ron back to reality in quite  uch a brutal fa hion. A  it wa  another fine, warm day, they per uaded him to join them in revi ing under the beech tree at the edge of the lake, where they had le  chance of being overheard than in the common room. Ron wa  not particularly keen on thi  idea at fir t - he wa  thoroughly enjoying being patted on the back by every Gryffindor who walked pa t hi  chair, not to mention the occa ional outbur t  of 'Wea ley i  our King' - but after a while he agreed that  ome fre h air might do him good. They  pread their book  out in the  hade of the beech tree and  at down while Ron talked them through hi  fir t  ave of the match for what felt like the dozenth time. 'Well, I mean, I'd already let in that one of Davie ' ,  o I wa n't feeling all that confident, but I dunno, when Bradley came toward  me, ju t out of nowhere, I thought - you can do thi ! And I had about a  econd to decide which way to fly, you know, becau e he looked like he wa  aiming for the right goalhoop - my right, obviou ly, hi  left - but I had a funny feeling that he wa  feinting, and  o I took the chance and flew left - hi  right, I mean - and - well - you  aw what happened,' he concluded mode tly,  weeping hi  hair back quite unnece arily  o that it looked intere tingly wind wept and glancing around to  ee whether the people neare t to them — a bunch of go iping third-year Hufflepuff  — had heard him. 'And then, when Chamber  came at me about five minute  later - What?' Ron a ked, having  topped mid- entence at the look on Harry'  face. 'Why are you grinning?' 'I'm not,'  aid Harry quickly, and looked down at hi  Tran figuration note , attempting to  traighten hi  face. The truth wa  that Ron had ju t reminded Harry forcibly of another Gryffindor Quidditch player who had once  at rumpling hi  hair under thi  very tree. 'I'm ju t glad we won, that'  all.' 'Yeah,'  aid Ron  lowly,  avouring the word , 'we won. Did you  ee the look on Chang  face when Ginny got the Snitch right out from under her no e?' 'I  uppo e  he cried, did  he?'  aid Harry bitterly. 'Well, yeah - more out of temper than anything, though…' Ron frowned  lightly. 'But you  aw her chuck her broom away when  he got back to the ground, didn't you?' 'Er -'  aid Harry. 'Well, actually… no, Ron,'  aid Hermione with a heavy  igh, putting down her book and looking at him apologetically. 'A  a matter of fact, the only bit of the match Harry and I  aw wa  Davie '  fir t goal.' Ron'  carefully ruffled hair  eemed to wilt with di appointment. 'You didn't watch?' he  aid faintly, looking from one to the other. 'You didn't  ee me make any of tho e  ave ?' 'Well - no,'  aid Hermione,  tretching out a placatory hand toward  him. 'But Ron, we didn't want to leave — we had to!' 'Yeah?'  aid Ron, who e face wa  growing rather red. 'How come?' 'It wa  Hagrid,'  aid Harry. 'He decided to tell u  why he'  been covered in injurie  ever  ince he got back from the giant . He wanted u  to go into the Fore t with him, we had no choice, you know how he get . Anyway…' The  tory wa  told in five minute , by the end of which Ron'  indignation had been replaced by a look of total incredulity. 'He brought one back and hid it in the Fore t?' 'Yep,'  aid Harry grimly. 'No,'  aid Ron, a  though by  aying thi  he could make it untrue. 'No, he can't have.' 'Well, he ha ,'  aid Hermione firmly. 'Grawp'  about  ixteen feet tall, enjoy  ripping up twenty-foot pine tree , and know  me,'  he  norted, 'a  Hermy.' Ron gave a nervou  laugh. 'And Hagrid want  u  to… ?' Teach him Engli h, yeah,'  aid Harry. 'He'  lo t hi  mind,'  aid Ron in an almo t awed voice. 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione irritably, turning a page of Intermediate Tran figuration and glaring at a  erie  of diagram   howing an owl turning into a pair of opera gla e . 'Ye , I'm  tarting to think he ha . But, unfortunately, he made Harry and me promi e.' 'Well, you're ju t going to have to break your promi e, that'  all,'  aid Ron firmly. 'I mean, come on… we've got exam  and we're about that far -' he held up hi  hand to  how thumb and forefinger almo t touching '- from being chucked out a  it i . And anyway… remember Norbert? Remember Aragog? Have we ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrid'  mon ter mate ?' 'I know, it'  ju t that - we promi ed,'  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. Ron  moothed hi  hair flat again, looking preoccupied. 'Well,' he  ighed, 'Hagrid ha n't been  acked yet, ha  he? He'  hung on thi  long, maybe he'll hang on till the end of term and we won't have to go near Grawp at all.' * The ca tle ground  were gleaming in the  unlight a  though fre hly painted; the cloudle   ky  miled at it elf in the  moothly  parkling lake; the  atin green lawn  rippled occa ionally in a gentle breeze. June had arrived, but to the fifth-year  thi  meant only one thing: their OWL  were upon them at la t. Their teacher  were no longer  etting them homework; le on  were devoted to revi ing tho e topic  the teacher  thought mo t likely to come up in the exam . The purpo eful, feveri h atmo phere drove nearly everything but the OWL  from Harry'  mind, though he did wonder occa ionally during Potion  le on  whether Lupin had ever told Snape that he mu t continue giving Harry Occlumency tuition. If he had, then Snape had ignored Lupin a  thoroughly a  he wa  now ignoring Harry. Thi   uited Harry very UWLS OZJ well; he wa  quite bu y and ten e enough without extra cla e  with Snape, and to hi  relief Hermione wa  much too preoccupied the e day  to badger him about Occlumency;  he wa   pending a lot of time muttering to her elf, and had not laid out any elf clothe  for day . She wa  not the only per on acting oddly a  the OWL  drew  teadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan had developed an irritating habit of interrogating people about their revi ion practice . 'How many hour  d'you think you're doing a day?' he demanded of Harry and Ron a  they queued out ide Herbology, a manic gleam in hi  eye . 'I dunno,'  aid Ron. 'A few.' 'More or le  than eight?' 'Le , I' 'po e,'  aid Ron, looking  lightly alarmed. 'I'm doing eight,'  aid Ernie, puffing out hi  che t. 'Eight or nine. I'm getting an hour in before breakfa t every day. Eight  my average. I can do ten on a good weekend day. I did nine and a half on Monday. Not  o good on Tue day - only  even and a quarter. Then on Wedne day -' Harry wa  deeply thankful that Profe or Sprout u hered them into greenhou e three at that point, forcing Ernie to abandon hi  recital. Meanwhile, Draco Malfoy had found a different way to induce panic. 'Of cour e, it'  not what you know,' he wa  heard to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly out ide Potion  a few day  before the exam  were to  tart, 'it'  who you know. Now, Father'  been friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examination  Authority for year  — old Gri elda Marchbank  - we've had her round for dinner and everything…' 'Do you think that'  true?' Hermione whi pered in alarm to Harry and Ron. 'Nothing we can do about it if it i ,'  aid Ron gloomily. 'I don't think it'  true,'  aid Neville quietly from behind them. 'Becau e Gri elda Marchbank  i  a friend of my gran' , and  he'  never mentioned the Malfoy .' 'What'   he like, Neville?' a ked Hermione at once. 'I   he  trict?' 'Well, he ha ,'  aid Hermione firmly. 'Grawp'  about  ixteen feet tall, enjoy  ripping up twenty-foot pine tree , and know  me,'  he  norted, 'a  Hermy.' Ron gave a nervou  laugh. .•; 'And Hagrid want  u  to…?' Teach him Engli h, yeah,'  aid Harry. 'He'  lo t hi  mind,'  aid Ron in an almo t awed voice. 'Ye ,'  aid Hermione irritably, turning a page of Intermediate Tran figuration and glaring at a  erie  of diagram   howing an owl turning into a pair of opera gla e . 'Ye , I'm  tarting to think he ha . But, unfortunately, he made Harry and me promi e.' 'Well, you're ju t going to have to break your promi e, that'  all,'  aid Ron firmly. 'I mean, come on… we've got exam  and we're about that far -' he held up hi  hand to  how thumb and forefinger almo t touching '- from being chucked out a  it i . And anyway… remember Norbert? Remember Aragog? Have we ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrid'  mon ter mate ?' 'I know, it'  ju t that - we promi ed,'  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. Ron  moothed hi  hair flat again, looking preoccupied. 'Well,' he  ighed, 'Hagrid ha n't been  acked yet, ha  he? He'  hung on thi  long, maybe he'll hang on till the end of term and we won't have to go near Grawp at all.' * The ca tle ground  were gleaming in the  unlight a  though fre hly painted; the cloudle   ky  miled at it elf in the  moothly  parkling lake; the  atin green lawn  rippled occa ionally in a gentle breeze. June had arrived, but to the fifth-year  thi  meant only one thing: their OWL  were upon them at la t. Their teacher  were no longer  etting them homework; le on  were devoted to revi ing tho e topic  the teacher  thought mo t likely to come up in the exam . The purpo eful, feveri h atmo phere drove nearly everything but the OWL  from Harry'  mind, though he did wonder occa ionally during Potion  le on  whether Lupin had ever told Snape that he mu t continue giving Harry Occlumency tuition. If he had, then Snape had ignored Lupin a  thoroughly a  he wa  now ignoring Harry. Thi   uited Harry very well; he wa  quite bu y and ten e enough without extra cla e  with Snape, and to hi  relief Hermione wa  much too preoccupied the e day  to badger him about Occlumency;  he wa   pending a lot of time muttering to her elf, and had not laid out any elf clothe  for day . She wa  not the only per on acting oddly a  the OWL  drew  teadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan had developed an irritating habit of interrogating people about their revi ion practice . 'How many hour  d'you think you're doing a day?' he demanded of Harry and Ron a  they queued out ide Herbology a manic gleam in hi  eye . 'I dunno,'  aid Ron. 'A few.' 'More or le  than eight?' 'Le , I' 'po e,'  aid Ron, looking  lightly alarmed. 'I'm doing eight,'  aid Ernie, puffing out hi  che t. 'Eight or nine. I'm getting an hour in before breakfa t every day. Eight'  my average. I can do ten on a good weekend day. I did nine and a half on Monday. Not  o good on Tue day - only  even and a quarter. Then on Wedne day -' Harry wa  deeply thankful that Profe or Sprout u hered them into greenhou e three at that point, forcing Ernie to abandon hi  recital. Meanwhile, Draco Malfoy had found a different way to induce panic. 'Of cour e, it'  not what you know,' he wa  heard to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly out ide Potion  a few day  before the exam  were to  tart, 'it'  who you know. Now, Father'  been friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examination  Authority for year  - old Gri elda Marchbank  - we've had her round for dinner and everything…' 'Do you think that'  true?' Hermione whi pered in alarm to Harry and Ron. 'Nothing we can do about it if it i ,'  aid Ron gloomily. 'I don't think it'  true,'  aid Neville quietly from behind them. 'Becau e Gri elda Marchbank  i  a friend of my gran' , and  he'  never mentioned the Malfoy .' 'What'   he like, Neville?' a ked Hermione at once. 'I   he  trict?' 'Bit like Gran, really,'  aid Neville in a  ubdued voice. 'Knowing her won't hurt your chance , though, will it?' Ron told him encouragingly. 'Oh, I don't think it will make any difference,'  aid Neville,  till more mi erably. 'Gran  alway  telling Profe or Marchbank  I'm not a  good a  my dad… well… you  aw what  he'  like at St Mungo'  Neville looked fixedly at the floor. Harry, Ron and Hermione glanced at each other, but didn't know what to  ay. It wa  the fir t time Neville had acknowledged that they had met at the wizarding ho pital. Meanwhile, a flouri hing black-market trade in aid  to concentration, mental agility and wakefulne  had  prung up among the fifth- and  eventh-year . Harry and Ron were much tempted by the bottle of Baruffio'  Brain Elixir offered to them by Ravenclaw  ixth-year Eddie Carmichael, who  wore it wa   olely re pon ible for the nine 'Out tanding' OWL  he had gained the previou   ummer and wa  offering a whole pint for a mere twelve Galleon . Ron a ured Harry he would reimbur e him for hi  half the moment he left Hogwart  and got a job, but before they could clo e the deal, Hermione had confi cated the bottle from Carmichael and poured the content  down a toilet. 'Hermione, we wanted to buy that!'  houted Ron. 'Don't be  tupid,'  he  narled. 'You might a  well take Harold Dingle'  powdered dragon claw and have done with it.' 'Dingle'  got powdered dragon claw?'  aid Ron eagerly. 'Not any more,'  aid Hermione. 'I confi cated that, too. None of the e thing  actually work, you know.' 'Dragon claw doe  work!'  aid Ron. 'It'   uppo ed to be incredible, really give  your brain a boo t, you come over all cunning for a few hour  - Hermione, let me have a pinch, go on, it can't hurt -' Thi   tuff can,'  aid Hermione grimly. 'I've had a look at it, and it'  actually dried Doxy dropping .' Thi  information took the edge off Harry and Ron  de ire for brain  timulant . They received their examination timetable  and detail  of the procedure for OWL  during their next Tran figuration le on. 'A  you can  ee,' Profe or McGonagall told the cla  a  they copied down the date  and time  of their exam  from the blackboard, 'your OWL  are  pread over two  ucce ive week . You will  it the theory paper  in the morning  and the practice in the afternoon . Your practical A tronomy examination will, of cour e, take place at night. 'Now, I mu t warn you that the mo t  tringent anti-cheating charm  have been applied to your examination paper . Auto-An wer Quill  are banned from the examination hall, a  are Remembrall , Detachable Cribbing Cuff  and Self-Correcting Ink. Every year, I am afraid to  ay,  eem  to harbour at lea t one  tudent who think  that he or  he can get around the Wizarding Examination  Authority'  rule . I can only hope that it i  nobody in Gryffindor. Our new - Headmi tre  —' Profe or McGonagall pronounced the word with the  ame look on her face that Aunt Petunia had whenever  he wa  contemplating a particularly  tubborn bit of dirt '- ha  a ked the Head  of Hou e to tell their  tudent  that cheating will be puni hed mo t  everely - becau e, of cour e, your examination re ult  will reflect upon the Headmi tre '  new regime at the  chool -' Profe or McGonagall gave a tiny  igh; Harry  aw the no tril  of her  harp no e flare. '- however, that i  no rea on not to do your very be t. You have your own future  to think about.' 'Plea e, Profe or,'  aid Hermione, her hand in the air, 'when will we find out our re ult ?' 'An owl will be  ent to you  ome time in July'  aid Profe or McGonagall. 'Excellent,'  aid Dean Thoma  in an audible whi per, ' o we don't have to worry about it till the holiday .' Harry imagined  itting in hi  bedroom in Privet Drive in  ix week ' time, waiting for hi  OWL re ult . Well, he thought dully, at lea t he would be  ure of one bit of po t that  ummer. Their fir t examination, Theory of Charm , wa   cheduled for Monday morning. Harry agreed to te t Hermione after lunch on Sunday, but regretted it almo t at once;  he wa  very agitated and kept  natching the book back from him to check that  he had got the an wer completely right, finally hitting him hard on the no e with the  harp edge of Achievement  in Charming. 'Why don't you ju t do it your elf?' he  aid firmly, handing the book back to her, hi  eye  watering. Meanwhile, Ron wa  reading two year ' worth of Charm  note  with hi  finger  in hi  ear , hi  lip  moving  oundle ly; Seamu  Finnigan wa  lying flat on hi  back on the floor, reciting the definition of a Sub tantive Charm while Dean checked it again t The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 5; and Parvati and Lavender, who were practi ing ba ic Locomotion Charm , were making their pencil-ca e  race each other around the edge of the table. Dinner wa  a  ubdued affair that night. Harry and Ron did not talk much, but ate with gu to, having  tudied hard all day. Hermione, on the other hand, kept putting down her knife and fork and diving under the table for her bag, from which  he would  eize a book to check  ome fact or figure. Ron wa  ju t telling her that  he ought to eat a decent meal or  he would not  leep that night, when her fork  lid from her limp finger  and landed with a loud tinkle on her plate. 'Oh, my goodne ,'  he  aid faintly,  taring into the Entrance Hall. 'I  that them? I  that the examiner ?' Harry and Ron whipped around on their bench. Through the door  to the Great Hall they could  ee Umbridge  tanding with a  mall group of ancient-looking witche  and wizard . Umbridge, Harry wa  plea ed to  ee, looked rather nervou . 'Shall we go and have a clo er look?'  aid Ron. Harry and Hermione nodded and they ha tened toward  the double door  into the Entrance Hall,  lowing down a  they  tepped over the thre hold to walk  edately pa t the examiner . Harry thought Profe or Marchbank  mu t be the tiny,  tooped witch with a face  o lined it looked a  though it had been draped in cobweb ; Umbridge wa   peaking to her deferentially. Profe or Marchbank   eemed to be a little deaf;  he wa  an wering Profe or Umbridge very loudly con idering they were only a foot apart. 'Journey wa  fine, journey wa  fine, we've made it plenty of time  before!'  he  aid impatiently. 'Now, I haven't heard from Dumbledore lately!'  he added, peering around the Hall a  though hopeful he might  uddenly emerge from a broom cupboard. 'No idea where he i , I  uppo e?' 'None at all,'  aid Umbridge,  hooting a malevolent look at Harry, Ron and Hermione, who were now dawdling around the foot of the  tair  a  Ron pretended to do up hi   hoelace. 'But I dare ay the Mini try of Magic will track him down  oon enough.' 'I doubt it,'  houted tiny Profe or Marchbank , 'not if Dumbledore doe n't want to be found! I  hould know… examined him per onally in Tran figuration and Charm  when he did NEWT … did thing  with a wand I'd never  een before.' 'Ye … well…'  aid Profe or Umbridge a  Harry, Ron and Hermione dragged their feet up the marble  tairca e a   lowly a  they dared, 'let me  how you to the  taff room. I dare ay you'd like a cup of tea after your journey.' It wa  an uncomfortable  ort of an evening. Everyone wa  trying to do  ome la t-minute revi ing but nobody  eemed to be getting very far. Harry went to bed early but then lay awake for what felt like hour . He remembered hi  career  con ultation and McGonagall'  furiou  declaration that  he would help him become an Auror if it wa  the la t thing  he did. He wi hed he had expre ed a more achievable ambition now that exam time wa  here. He knew he wa  not the only one lying awake, but none of the other  in the dormitory  poke and finally, one by one, they fell a leep. None of the fifth-year  talked very much at breakfa t next day, either: Parvati wa  practi ing incantation  under her breath while the  alt cellar in front of her twitched; Hermione wa  rereading Achievement  in Charming  o fa t that her eye  appeared blurred; and Neville kept dropping hi  knife and fork and knocking over the marmalade. Once breakfa t wa  over, the fifth- and  eventh-year  milled around in the Entrance Hall while the other  tudent  went off to le on ; then, at half pa t nine, they were called forward  cla  by cla  to re-enter the Great Hall, which had been rearranged exactly a  Harry had  een it in the Pen ieve when hi  father, Siriu  and Snape had been taking their OWL ; the four hou e table  had been removed and replaced in tead with many table  for one, all facing the  taff-table end of the Hall where Profe or McGonagall  tood facing them. When they were all  eated and quiet,  he  aid, 'You may begin,' and turned over an enormou  hour-gla  on the de k be ide her, on which there were al o  pare quill , ink bottle  and roll  of parchment. Harry turned over hi  paper, hi  heart thumping hard - three row  to hi  right and four  eat  ahead Hermione wa  already  cribbling - and lowered hi  eye  to the fir t que tion: a) Give the incantation and b) de cribe the wand movement required to make object  fly. Harry had a fleeting memory of a club  oaring high into the air and landing loudly on the thick  kull of a troll…  miling  lightly, he bent over the paper and began to write. * 'Well, it wa n't too bad, wa  it?' a ked Hermione anxiou ly in the Entrance Hall two hour  later,  till clutching the exam paper. 'I'm not  ure I did my elf ju tice on Cheering Charm , I ju t ran out of time. Did you put in the counter-charm for hiccough ? I wa n't,  ure whether I ought to, it felt like too much - and on que tion twenty-three -' 'Hermione,'  aid Ron  ternly, 'we've been through thi  before… we're not going through every exam afterward , it'  bad enough doing them once.' The fifth-year  ate lunch with the re t of the  chool (the four hou e table  had reappeared for the lunch hour), then they trooped off into the  mall chamber be ide the Great Hall, where they were to wait until called for their practical examination. A   mall group  of  tudent  were called forward  in alphabetical order, tho e left behind muttered incantation  and practi ed wand movement , occa ionally poking each other in the back or eye by mi take. Hermione'  name wa  called. Trembling,  he left the chamber with Anthony Gold tein, Gregory Goyle and Daphne Greengra . Student  who had already been te ted did not return afterward ,  o Harry and Ron had no idea how Hermione had done. 'She'll be fine, remember  he got a hundred and twelve per cent on one of our Charm  te t ?'  aid Ron. Ten minute  later, Profe or Flitwick called, 'Parkin on, Pan y - Patil, Padma - Patil, Parvati - Potter, Harry.' 'Good luck,'  aid Ron quietly. Harry walked into the Great Hall, clutching hi  wand  o tightly hi  hand  hook. 'Profe or Tofty i  free, Potter,'  queaked Profe or Flitwick, who wa   tanding ju t in ide the door. He pointed Harry toward  what looked like the very olde t and balde t examiner who wa   itting behind a  mall table in a far corner, a  hort di tance from Profe or Marchbank , who wa  halfway through te ting Draco Malfoy. 'Potter, i  it?'  aid Profe or Tofty, con ulting hi  note  and peering over hi  pince-nez at Harry a  he approached. The famou  Potter?' Out of the corner of hi  eye, Harry di tinctly  aw Malfoy throw a  cathing look over at him; the wine-gla  Malfoy had been levitating fell to the floor and  ma hed. Harry could not  uppre  a grin; Profe or Tofty  miled back at him encouragingly. That'  it,' he  aid in hi  quavery old voice, 'no need to be nervou . Now, if I could a k you to take thi  egg cup and make it do  ome cartwheel  for me.' On the whole, Harry thought it went rather well. Hi  Levitation Charm wa  certainly much better than Malfoy'  had been, though he wi hed he had not mixed up the incantation  for Colour Change and Growth Charm ,  o that the rat he wa   uppo ed to be turning orange  welled  hockingly and wa  the  ize of a badger before Harry could rectify hi  mi take. He wa  glad Hermione had not been in the Hall at the time and neglected to mention it to her afterward . He could tell Ron, though; Ron had cau ed a dinner plate to mutate into a large mu hroom and had no idea how it had happened. There wa  no time to relax that night; they went  traight to the common room after dinner and  ubmerged them elve  in revi ion for Tran figuration next day; Harry went to bed with hi  head buzzing with complex  pell model  and theorie . He forgot the definition of a Switching Spell during hi  written paper next morning but thought hi  practical could have been a lot wor e. At lea t he managed to Vani h the whole of hi  iguana, wherea  poor Hannah Abbott lo t her head completely at the next table and  omehow managed to multiply her ferret into a flock of flamingo , cau ing the examination to be halted for ten minute  while the bird  were captured and carried out of the Hall. They had their Herbology exam on Wedne day (other than a  mall bite from a Fanged Geranium, Harry ielt he had done rea onably well); and then, on Thur day, Defence Again t the Dark. Art . Here, for the fir t time, Harry felt  ure he had pa ed. He had no problem with any of the written que tion  and took particular plea ure, during the practical examination, in performing all the counter-jinxe  and defen ive  pell  right in front of Umbridge, who wa  watching coolly from near the door  into the Entrance Hall. 'Oh, bravo!' cried Profe or Tofty, who wa  examining Harry again, when Harry demon trated a perfect Boggart bani hing  pell. 'Very good indeed! Well, I think that'  all, Potter… unle …" He leaned forward  a little. 'I heard, from my dear friend Tiberiu  Ogden, that you can produce a Patronu ? For a bonu  point… ?' Harry rai ed hi  wand, looked directly at Umbridge and imagined her being  acked. 'Expecto patronum!' Hi   ilver  tag erupted from the end of hi  wand and cantered the length of the Hall. All of the examiner  looked around to watch it  progre  and when it di olved into  ilver mi t Profe or Tofty clapped hi  veined and knotted hand  enthu ia tically. 'Excellent!' he  aid. 'Very well, Potter, you may go!' A  Harry pa ed Umbridge be ide the door, their eye  met. There wa  a na ty  mile playing around her wide,  lack mouth, but he did not care. Unle  he wa  very much mi taken (and he wa  not planning on telling anybody, in ca e he wa ), he had ju t achieved an 'Out tanding' OWL. On Friday, Harry and Ron had a day off while Hermione  at her Ancient Rune  exam, and a  they had the whole weekend in front of them they permitted them elve  a break from revi ion. They  tretched and yawned be ide the open window, through which warm  ummer air wa  wafting a  they played wizard che . Harry could  ee Hagnd in the di tance, teaching a cla  on the edge of the Fore t. He wa  trying to gue  what creature  they were examining - he thought it mu t be unicorn , becau e the boy   eemed to be  tanding back a little - when the portrait hole opened and Hermione clambered in, looking thoroughly bad-tempered. 'How were the Rune ?'  aid Ron, yawning and  tretching. 'I mi -tran lated ehwaz,'  aid Hermione furiou ly. 'It mean  partner hip, not defence; I mixed it up with eihwaz.' 'Ah well,'  aid Ron lazily, 'that'  only one mi take, i n't it, you'll  till get -' 'Oh,  hut up!'  aid Hermione angrily. 'It could be the one mi take that make  the difference between a pa  and a fail. And what'  more,  omeone'  put another Niffler in Umbridge'  office. I don't know how they got it through that new door, but I ju t walked pa t there and Umbridge i   hrieking her head off - by the  ound of it, it tried to take a chunk out of her leg -' 'Good,'  aid Harry and Ron together. 'It i  not good!'  aid Hermione hotly. 'She think  it'  Hagrid doing it, remember? And we do not want Hagrid chucked out!' 'He'  teaching at the moment;  he can't blame him,'  aid Harry, ge turing out of the window. 'Oh, you're  o naive  ometime , Harry. You really think Umbridge will wait for proof?'  aid Hermione, who  eemed determined to be in a towering temper, and  he  wept off toward  the girl ' dormitorie , banging the door behind her. 'Such a lovely,  weet-tempered girl,'  aid Ron, very quietly, prodding hi  queen forward to beat up one of Harry'  knight . Hermione'  bad mood per i ted for mo t of the weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite ea y to ignore a  they  pent mo t of Saturday and Sunday revi ing for Potion  on Monday, the exam which Harry had been looking forward to lea t - and which he wa   ure would be the downfall of hi  ambition  to become an Auror. Sure enough, he found the written paper difficult, though he thought he might have got full mark  on the que tion about Polyjuice Potion; he could de cribe it  effect  accurately, having taken it illegally in hi   econd year. The afternoon practical wa  not a  dreadful a  he had expected it to be. With Snape ab ent from the proceeding , he found that he wa  much more relaxed than he u ually wa  while making potion . Neville, who wa   itting very near Harry, al o looked happier than Harry had ever  een him during a Potion  cla . When Profe or Marchbank   aid, 'Step away from your cauldron , plea e, the examination i  over,' Harry corked hi   ample fla k feeling that he might not have achieved a good grade but he had, with luck, avoided a fail. 'Only four exam  left,'  aid Parvati Patil wearily a  they headed back to Gryffindor common room. 'Only!'  aid Hermione  nappi hly. 'I've got Arithmancy and it'  probably the toughe t  ubject there i !' Nobody wa  fooli h enough to  nap back,  o  he wa  unable to vent her  pleen on any of them and wa  reduced to telling off  ome fir t-year  for giggling too loudly in the common room. Harry wa  determined to perform well in Tue day  Care of Magical Creature  exam  o a  not to let Hagnd down. The practical examination took place in the afternoon on the lawn on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t, where  tudent  were required to correctly identify the Knarl hidden among a dozen hedgehog  (the trick wa  to offer them all milk in turn: Knarl , highly  u piciou  creature  who e quill  had many magical propertie , generally went ber erk at what they  aw a  an attempt to poi on them); then demon trate correct handling of a Bowtruckle; feed and clean out a Fire Crab without  u taining  eriou  burn ; and choo e, from a wide  election of food, the diet they would give a  ick unicorn. Harry could  ee Hagrid watching anxiou ly out of hi  cabin window. When Harry'  examiner, a plump little witch thi  time,  miled at him and told him he could leave, Harry gave Hagrid a fleeting thumb -up before heading back to the ca tle. The A tronomy theory paper on Wedne day morning went well enough. Harry wa  not convinced he had got the name  of all Jupiter'  moon  right, but wa  at lea t confident that none of them wa  inhabited by mice. They had to wait until evening for their practical A tronomy; the afternoon wa  devoted in tead to Divination. Even by Harry'  low  tandard  in Divination, the exam went very badly. He might a  well have tried to  ee moving picture  on the de ktop a  in the  tubbornly blank cry tal ball; he lo t hi  head completely during tea-leaf reading,  aying it looked to him a  though Profe or Marchbank  would  hortly be meeting a round, dark,  oggy  tranger, and rounded off the whole fia co by mixing up the life and head line  on her palm and informing her that  he ought to have died the previou  Tue day. 'Well, we were alway  going to fail that one,'  aid Ron gloomily a  they a cended the marble  tairca e. He had ju t made Harry feel rather better by telling him how he had told the examiner in detail about the ugly man with a wart on hi  no e in hi  cry tal ball, only to look up and reali e he had been de cribing hi  examiner'  reflection. 'We  houldn't have taken the  tupid  ubject in the fir t place,'  aid Harry. 'Still, at lea t we can give it up now.' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'No more pretending we care what happen  when Jupiter and Uranu  get too friendly.' 'And from now on, I don't care if my tea-leave   pell die, Ron, die - I'm ju t chucking them in the bin where they belong.' Harry laughed ju t a  Hermione came running up behind them. He  topped laughing at once, in ca e it annoyed her. 'Well, I think I've done all right in Arithmancy'  he  aid, and Harry and Ron both  ighed with relief. 'Ju t time for a quick look over our  tar-chart  before dinner, then…" When they reached the top of the A tronomy Tower at eleven o'clock, they found a perfect night for  targazing, cloudle  and  till. The ground  were bathed in  ilvery moonlight and there wa  a  light chill in the air. Each of them  et up hi  or her tele cope and, when Profe or Marchbank  gave the word, proceeded to fill in the blank  tar-chart they had been given. Profe or  Marchbank  and Tofty  trolled among them, watching a  they entered the preci e po ition  of the  tar  and planet  they were ob erving. All wa  quiet except for the ru tle of parchment, the occa ional creak of a tele cope a  it wa  adju ted on it   tand, and the  cribbling of many quill . Half an hour pa ed, then an hour; the little  quare  of reflected gold light flickering on the ground below  tarted to vani h a  light  in the ca tle window  were extingui hed. A  Harry completed the con tellation Orion on hi  chart, however, the front door  of the ca tle opened directly below the parapet where he wa   tanding,  o that light  pilled down the  tone  tep  a little way acro  the lawn. Harry glanced down a  he made a  light adju tment to the po ition of hi  tele cope and  aw five or  ix elongated  hadow  moving over the brightly lit gra  before the door   wung  hut and the lawn became a  ea of darkne  once more. Harry put hi  eye back to hi  tele cope and refocu ed it, now examining Venu . He looked down at hi  chart to enter the planet there, but  omething di tracted him; pau ing with hi  quill  u pended over the parchment, he  quinted down into the  hadowy ground  and  aw half a dozen figure  walking over the lawn. If they had not been moving, and the moonlight had not been gilding the top  of their head , they would have been indi tingui hable from the dark ground on which they walked. Even at thi  di tance, Harry had a funny feeling he recogni ed the walk of the  quatte t of them, who  eemed to be leading the group. He could not think why Umbridge would be taking a  troll out ide after midnight, much le  accompanied by five other . Then  omebody coughed behind him, and he remembered that he wa  halfway through an exam. He had quite forgotten Venu '  po ition. Jamming hi  eye to hi  tele cope, he found it again and wa  once more about to enter it on hi  chart when, alert for any odd  ound, he heard a di tant knock which echoed through the de erted ground , followed immediately by the muffled barking of a large dog. He looked up, hi  heart hammering. There were light  on in Hagrid'  window  and the people he had ob erved cro ing the lawn were now  ilhouetted again t them. The door opened and he di tinctly  aw  ix  harply defined figure  walk over the thre hold. The door clo ed again and there wa   ilence. Harry felt very unea y. He glanced around to  ee whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what he had, but Profe or Marchbank  came walking behind him at that moment and, not wanting to look a  though he wa   neaking look  at anyone el e'  work, Harry ha tily bent over hi   tar-chart and pretended to be adding note  to it while really peering over the top of the parapet toward  Hagrid'  cabin. Figure  were now moving acro  the cabin window , temporarily blocking the light. He could feel Profe or Marchbank '  eye  on the back of hi  neck and pre ed hi  eye again to hi  tele cope,  taring up at the moon though he had marked it  po ition an hour ago, but a  Profe or Marchbank  moved on he heard a roar from the di tant cabin that echoed through the darkne  right to the top of the A tronomy Tower. Several of the people around Harry ducked out from behind their tele cope  and peered in tead in the direction of Hagrid'  cabin. Profe or Tofty gave another dry little cough. Try and concentrate, now, boy  and girl ,' he  aid  oftly. Mo t people returned to their tele cope . Harry looked to hi  left. Hermione wa  gazing tran fixed at Hagrid'  cabin. 'Ahem - twenty minute  to go,'  aid Profe or Tofty. Hermione jumped and returned at once to her  tar-chart; Harry looked down at hi  own and noticed that he had mi -labelled Venu  a  Mar . He bent to correct it. There wa  a loud BANG from the ground . Several people cried 'Ouch!' when they poked them elve  in the face with the end  of their tele cope  a  they ha tened to  ee what wa  going on below. Hagrid'  door had bur t open and by the light flooding out of the cabin they  aw him quite clearly a ma ive figure roaring and brandi hing hi  fi t ,  urrounded by  ix people, all of whom, judging by the tiny thread  of red light they were ca ting in hi  direction,  eemed to be attempting to Stun him. 'No!' cried Hermione. 'My dear!'  aid Profe or Tofty in a  candali ed voice. Thi  i  an examination!' But nobody wa  paying the  lighte t attention to their  tar-chart  any more. Jet  of red light were  till flying about be ide Hagrid'  cabin, yet  omehow they  eemed to be bouncing off him; he wa   till upright and  till, a  far a  Harry could  ee, fighting. Crie  and yell  echoed acro  the ground ; a man yelled, 'Be rea onable, Hagrid!' Hagrid roared, 'Rea onable be damned, yeh won' take me like thi , Dawli h!' Harry could  ee the tiny outline of Fang, attempting to defend Hagrid, leaping repeatedly at the wizard   urrounding him until a Stunning Spell caught him and he fell to the ground. Hagrid gave a howl of fury, lifted the culprit bodily from the ground and threw him; the man flew what looked like ten feet and did not get up again. Hermione ga ped, both hand  over her mouth; Harry looked round at Ron and  aw that he, too, wa  looking  cared. None of them had ever  een Hagrid in a real temper before. 'Look!'  quealed Parvati, who wa  leaning over the parapet and pointing to the foot of the ca tle where the front door  had opened again; more light wa   pilling out on to the dark lawn and a  ingle long black  hadow wa  now rippling acro  the lawn. 'Now, really!'  aid Profe or Tofty anxiou ly. 'Only  ixteen minute  left, you know!' But nobody paid him the  lighte t attention: they were watching the per on now  printing toward  the battle be ide Hagrid'  cabin. 'How dare you!' the figure  houted a   he ran. 'How dare you!' 'It'  McGonagall!' whi pered Hermione. 'Leave him alone! Alone, I  ay!'  aid Profe or McGonagall'  voice through the darkne . 'On what ground  are you attacking him? He ha  done nothing, nothing to warrant  uch -' Hermione, Parvati and Lavender all  creamed. The figure  around the cabin had  hot no fewer than four Stunner  at Profe or McGonagall. Halfway between cabin and ca tle the red beam  collided with her; for a moment  he looked luminou  and glowed an eerie red, then  he lifted right off her feet, landed hard on her back, and moved no more. 'Galloping gargoyle !'  houted Profe or Tofty, who al o  eemed to have forgotten the exam completely. 'Not  o much a  a warning! Outrageou  behaviour!' 'COWARDS!' bellowed Hagrid; hi  voice carried clearly to the top of the tower, and  everal light  flickered back on in ide the ca tle. 'RUDDY COWARDS! HAVE SOME O' THAT - AN' THAT -' 'Oh my —' ga ped Hermione. Hagrid took two ma ive  wipe  at hi  clo e t attacker ; judging by their immediate collap e, they had been knocked cold. Harry  aw Hagrid double over, and thought he had finally been overcome by a  pell. But, on the contrary, next moment Hagrid wa   tanding again with what appeared to be a  ack on hi  back - then Harry reali ed that Fang'  limp body wa  draped around hi   houlder . 'Get him, get him!'  creamed Umbridge, but her remaining helper  eemed highly reluctant to go within reach of Hagrid'  fi t ; indeed, he wa  backing away  o fa t he tripped over one of hi  uncon ciou  colleague  and fell over. Hagrid had turned and begun to run with Fang  till hung around hi  neck. Umbridge  ent one la t Stunning Spell after him but it mi ed; and Hagrid, running full-pelt toward  the di tant gate , di appeared into the darkne . There wa  a long minute  quivering  ilence a  everybody gazed open-mouthed into the ground . Then Profe or Tofty'  voice  aid feebly, 'Um… five minute  to go, everybody.' Though he had only filled in two-third  of hi  chart, Harry wa  de perate for the exam to end. When it came at la t he, Ron and Hermione forced their tele cope  haphazardly back into their holder  and da hed back down the  piral  tairca e. None of the  tudent  were going to bed; they were all talking loudly and excitedly at the foot of the  tair  about what they had witne ed. That evil woman!' ga ped Hermione, who  eemed to be having difficulty talking due to rage. Trying to  neak up on Hagrid in the dead of night!' 'She clearly wanted to avoid another  cene like Trelawney' ,'  aid Ernie Macmillan  agely,  queezing over to join them. 'Hagrid did well, didn't he?'  aid Ron, who looked more alarmed than impre ed. 'How come all the  pell  bounced off him?' 'It'll be hi  giant blood,'  aid Hermione  hakily. 'It  very hard to Stun a giant, they're like troll , really tough… but poor Profe or McGonagall… four Stunner   traight in the che t and  he'  not exactly young, i   he?' 'Dreadful, dreadful,'  aid Ernie,  haking hi  head pompou ly. 'Well, I'm off to bed. Night, all.' People around them were drifting away,  till talking excitedly about what they had ju t  een. 'At lea t they didn't get to take Hagrid off to Azkaban,'  aid Ron. 'I  pect he'  gone to join Dumbledore, ha n't he?' 'I  uppo e  o,'  aid Hermione, who looked tearful. 'Oh, thi  i  awful, I really thought Dumbledore would be back before long, but now we've lo t Hagrid too.' They traip ed back to the Gryffindor common room to find it full. The commotion out in the ground  had woken  everal people, who had ha tened to rou e their friend . Seamu  and Dean, who had arrived ahead of Harry, Ron and Hermione, were now telling everyone what they had  een and heard from the top of the A tronomy Tower. 'But why  ack Hagrid now?' a ked Angelina John on,  haking her head. 'It'  not like Trelawney; he'  been teaching much better than u ual thi  year!' 'Umbridge hate  part-human ,'  aid Hermione bitterly, flopping down into an armchair. 'She wa  alway  going to try and get Hagrid out.' 'And  he thought Hagrid wa  putting Niffler  in her office,' piped up Katie Bell. 'Oh, blimey,'  aid Lee Jordan, covering hi  mouth. 'It'  me who'  been putting the Niffler  in her office. Fred and George left me a couple; I've been levitating them in through her window.' 'She'd have  acked him anyway'  aid Dean. 'He wa  too clo e to Dumbledore.' That'  true,'  aid Harry,  inking into an armchair be ide Hermione' . 'I ju t hope Profe or McGonagall'  all right,'  aid Lavender tearfully. They carried her back up to the ca tle, we watched through the dormitory window,'  aid Colin Creevey 'She didn't look very well.' 'Madam Pomfrey will  ort her out,'  aid Alicia Spinnet firmly. 'She'  never failed yet.' It wa  nearly four in the morning before the common room cleared. Harry felt wide awake; the image of Hagrid  printing away into the dark wa  haunting him; he wa   o angry with Umbridge he could not think of a puni hment bad enough for her, though Ron'   ugge tion of having her fed to a box of  tarving Bla t-Ended Skrewt  had it  merit . He fell a leep contemplating hideou  revenge  and aro e from bed three hour  later feeling di tinctly unre ted. Their final exam, Hi tory of Magic, wa  not to take place until that afternoon. Harry would very much have liked to go back to bed after breakfa t, but he had been counting on the morning for a  pot of la t-minute revi ion,  o in tead he  at with hi  head in hi  hand  by the common-room window, trying hard not to doze off a  he read through  ome of the three-and-a-half-feet-high  tack of note  that Hermione had lent him. The fifth-year  entered the Great Hall at two o'clock and took their place  in front of their face-down examination paper . Harry felt exhau ted. He ju t wanted thi  to be over,  o that he could go and  leep; then tomorrow, he and Ron were going to go down to the Quidditch pitch - he wa  going to have a fly on Ron  broom - and  avour their freedom from revi ion. Turn over your paper ,'  aid Profe or Marchbank  from the front of the Hall, flicking over the giant hour-gla . 'You may begin.' Harry  tared fixedly at the fir t que tion. It wa   everal  econd  before it occurred to him that he had not taken in a word of it; there wa  a wa p buzzing di tractingly again t one of the high window . Slowly, tortuou ly, he at la t began to write an an wer. He wa  finding it very difficult to remember name  and kept confu ing date . He  imply  kipped que tion four (In your opinion, did wand legi lation contribute to, or lead to better control of, goblin riot  of the eighteenth century?), thinking that he would go back to it if he had time at the end. He had a  tab at que tion five (How wa  the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what mea ure  were introduced to prevent a recurrence?) but had a nagging  u picion that he had mi ed  everal important point ; he had a feeling vampire  had come into the  tory  omewhere. He looked ahead for a que tion he could definitely an wer and hi  eye  alighted upon number ten: De cribe the circum tance  that led to the formation of the International Confederation of Wizard  and explain why the warlock  of Liechten tein refu ed to join. I know thi , Harry thought, though hi  brain felt torpid and  lack. He could vi uali e a heading, in Hermione'  handwriting: The formation of the International Confederation of Wizard  … he had read tho e note  only thi  morning. He began to write, looking up now and again to check the large hour-gla  on the de k be ide Profe or Marchbank . He wa   itting right behind Parvati Patil, who e long dark hair fell below the back of her chair. Once or twice he found him elf  taring at the tiny golden light  that gli tened in it when  he moved her head  lightly, and had to give hi  own head a little  hake to clear it. … the fir t Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizard  wa  Pierre Bonaccord, but hi  appointment wa  conte ted by the wizarding community of Liechten tein, becau e - All around Harry quill  were  cratching on parchment like  currying, burrowing rat . The  un wa  very hot on the back of hi  head. What wa  it that Bonaccord had done to offend the wizard  of Liechten tein? Harry had a feeling it had  omething to do with troll … he gazed blankly at the back of Parvati'  head again. If he could only perform Legilimency and open a window in the back of her head and  ee what it wa  about troll  that had cau ed the breach between Pierre Bonaccord and Liechten tein… Harry clo ed hi  eye  and buried hi  face in hi  hand ,  o that the glowing red of hi  eyelid  grew dark and cool. Bonaccord had wanted to  top troll-hunting and give the troll  right … but Liechten tein wa  having problem  with a tribe of particularly viciou  mountain troll … that wa  it. He opened hi  eye ; they  tung and watered at the  ight of the blazing white parchment. Slowly, he wrote two line  about the troll , then read through what he had done  o far. It did not  eem very informative or detailed, yet he wa   ure Hermione'  note  on the Confederation had gone on for page  and page . He clo ed hi  eye  again, trying to  ee them, trying to remember… the Confederation had met for the fir t time in France, ye , he had written that already… Goblin  had tried to attend and been ou ted… he had written that, too… And nobody from Liechten tein had wanted to come… Think, he told him elf, hi  face in hi  hand , while all around him quill   cratched out never-ending an wer  and the  and trickled through the hour-gla  at the front… He wa  walking along the cool, dark corridor to the Department of My terie  again, walking with a firm and purpo eful tread, breaking occa ionally into a run, determined to reach hi  de tination at la t… the black door  wung open for him a  u ual, and here he wa  in the circular room with it  many door … Straight acro  the  tone floor and through the  econd door… patche  of dancing light on the wall  and floor and that odd mechanical clicking, but no time to explore, he mu t hurry… He jogged the la t few feet to the third door, which  wung open ju t like the other … Once again he wa  in the cathedral- ized room full of  helve  and gla   phere … hi  heart wa  beating very fa t now… he wa  going to get there thi  time… when he reached number ninety- even he turned left and hurried along the ai le between two row … But there wa  a  hape on the floor at the very end, a black  hape moving on the floor like a wounded animal… Harry'   tomach contracted with fear… with excitement… A voice i ued from hi  own mouth, a high, cold voice empty of any human kindne … Take it for me… lift it down, now… I cannot touch it… but you can The black  hape on the floor  hifted a little. Harry  aw a long-fingered white hand clutching a wand ri e at the end of hi  own arm… heard the high, cold voice  ay 'Crucio!' The man on the floor let out a  cream of pain, attempted to  tand but fell back, writhing. Harry wa  laughing. He rai ed hi  wand, the cur e lifted and the figure groaned and became motionle . 'Lord Voldemort i  waiting Very  lowly, hi  arm  trembling, the man on the ground rai ed hi   houlder  a few inche  and lifted hi  head. Hi  face wa  blood tained and gaunt, twi ted in pain yet rigid with defiance… 'You'll have to kill me,' whi pered Siriu . 'Undoubtedly I  hall in the end,'  aid the cold voice. 'But you will fetch it for me fir t, Black… you think you have felt pain thu  far? Think again… we have hour  ahead of u  and nobody to hear you  cream…' But  omebody  creamed a  Voldemort lowered hi  wand again;  omebody yelled and fell  ideway  off a hot de k on to the cold  tone floor; Harry awoke a  he hit the ground,  till yelling, hi   car on fire, a  the Great Hall erupted all around him. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 32 - Out of the Fire 'I'm not going… I don't need the ho pital wing… I don't want He wa  gibbering a  he tried to pull away from Profe or Tofty, who wa  looking at Harry with much concern after helping him out into the Entrance Hall with the  tudent  all around them  taring. 'I'm - I'm fine,  ir,' Harry  tammered, wiping the  weat from hi  face. 'Really… I ju t fell a leep… had a nightmare…" 'Pre ure of examination !'  aid the old wizard  ympathetically, patting Harry  hakily on the  houlder. 'It happen , young man, it happen ! Now, a cooling drink of water, and perhap  you will be ready to return to the Great Hall? The examination i  nearly over, but you may be able to round off your la t an wer nicely?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry wildly. 'I mean… no… I've done - done a  much a  I can, I think…' 'Very well, very well,'  aid the old wizard gently. 'I  hall go and collect your examination paper and I  ugge t that you go and have a nice lie down.' Til do that,'  aid Harry, nodding vigorou ly. Thank  very much.' The  econd that the old man'  heel  di appeared over the thre hold into the Great Hall, Harry ran up the marble  tairca e, hurtled along the corridor   o fa t the portrait  he pa ed muttered reproache , up more flight  of  tair , and finally bur t like a hurricane through the double door  of the ho pital wing, cau ing Madam Pomfrey - who had been  pooning  ome bright blue liquid into Montague'  open mouth - to  hriek in alarm. Totter, what do you think you're doing?' 'I need to  ee Profe or McGonagall,' ga ped Harry, the breath tearing hi  lung . 'Now… it'  urgent!' 'She'  not here, Potter,'  aid Madam Pomfrey  adly. 'She wa  tran ferred to St Mungo'  thi  morning. Four Stunning Spell   traight to the che t at her age? It'  a wonder they didn't kill her.' 'She' … gone?'  aid Harry,  hocked. The bell rang ju t out ide the dormitory and he heard the u ual di tant rumbling of  tudent   tarting to flood out into the corridor  above and below him. He remained quite  till, looking at Madam Pomfrey. Terror wa  ri ing in ide him. There wa  nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but he had alway  expected Profe or McGonagall to be there, ira cible and inflexible, perhap , but alway  dependably,  olidly pre ent… 'I don't wonder you're  hocked, Potter,'  aid Madam Pomfrey, with a kind of fierce approval in her face. 'A  if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face-on by daylight! Cowardice, . that'  what it wa … de picable cowardice… if I wa n't worried what would happen to you  tudent  without me, I'd re ign in prote t.' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry blankly. He wheeled around and  trode blindly from the ho pital wing into the teeming corridor where he  tood, buffeted by the crowd, panic expanding in ide him like poi on ga   o that hi  head  wam and he could not think what to do… Ron and Hermione,  aid a voice in hi  head. He wa  running again, pu hing  tudent  out of the way, obliviou  to their angry prote t . He  printed back down two floor  and wa  at the top of the marble  tairca e when he  aw them hurrying toward  him. 'Harry!'  aid Hermione at once, looking very frightened. 'What happened? Are you all right? Are you ill?' 'Where have you been?' demanded Ron. 'Come with me,' Harry  aid quickly. 'Come on, I've got to tell you  omething.' He led them along the fir t-floor corridor, peering through doorway , and at la t found an empty cla room into which he dived, clo ing the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment they were in ide, and leaned again t it, facing them. 'Voldemort'  got Siriu .' 'What?' 'How d'you -?' 'Saw it. Ju t now. When I fell a leep in the exam.' 'But - but where? How?'  aid Hermione, who e face wa  white. 'I dunno how,'  aid Harry. 'But I know exactly where. There'  a room in the Department of My terie  full of  helve  covered in the e little gla  ball  and they're at the end of row ninety- even… he'  trying to u e Siriu  to get whatever it i  he want  from in there… he'  torturing him…  ay  he'll end by killing him!' Harry found hi  voice wa   haking, a  were hi  knee . He moved over to a de k and  at down on it, trying to ma ter him elf. 'How're we going to get there?' he a ked them. There wa  a moment'   ilence. Then Ron  aid, 'G-get there?' 'Get to the Department of My terie ,  o we can re cue Siriu !' Harry  aid loudly. 'But - Harry…'  aid Ron weakly. 'What? What?'  aid Harry. He could not under tand why they were both gaping at him a  though he wa  a king them  omething unrea onable. 'Harry,'  aid Hermione in a rather frightened voice, 'er… how… how did Voldemort get into the Mini try of Magic without anybody reali ing he wa  there?' 'How do I know?' bellowed Harry. The que tion i  how we're going to get in there!' 'But… Harry, think about thi ,'  aid Hermione, taking a  tep toward  him, 'it'  five o'clock in the afternoon… the Mini try of Magic mu t be full of worker … how would Voldemort and Siriu  have got in without being  een? Harry… they're probably the two mo t wanted wizard  in the world… you think they could get into a building full of Auror  undetected?' 'I dunno, Voldemort u ed an Invi ibility Cloak or  omething!' Harry  houted. 'Anyway, the Department of My terie  ha  alway  been completely empty whenever I've been -' 'You've never been there, Harry,'  aid Hermione quietly. 'You've dreamed about the place, that'  all.' They're not normal dream !' Harry  houted in her face,  tanding up and taking a  tep clo er to her in turn. He wanted to  hake her. 'How d'you explain Ron'  dad then, what wa  all that about, how come I knew what had happened to him?' 'He'  got a point,'  aid Ron quietly, looking at Hermione. 'But thi  i  ju t — ju t  o unlikely*.'  aid Hermione de perately. 'Harry, how on earth could Voldemort have got hold of Siriu  when he'  been in Grimmauld Place all the time?' 'Siriu  might've cracked and ju t wanted  ome fre h air,'  aid Ron,  ounding worried. 'He'  been de perate to get out of that hou e for age  -' 'But why,' Hermione per i ted, 'why on earth would Voldemort want to u e Siriu  to get the weapon, or whatever the thing i ?' 'I dunno, there could be load  of rea on !' Harry yelled at her. 'Maybe Siriu  i  ju t  omeone Voldemort doe n't care about  eeing hurt -' 'You know what, I've ju t thought of  omething,'  aid Ron in a hu hed voice. 'Siriu '  brother wa  a Death Eater, wa n't he? Maybe he told Siriu  the  ecret of how to get the weapon!' 'Yeah - and that'  why Dumbledore'  been  o keen to keep Siriu  locked up all the time!'  aid Harry. 'Look, I'm  orry,' cried Hermione, 'but neither of you i  making  en e, and we've got no proof for any of thi , no proof Voldemort and Siriu  are even there -' 'Hermione, Harry   een them!'  aid Ron, rounding on her. 'OK,'  he  aid, looking frightened yet determined, 'I've ju t got to  ay thi  -' 'What?' 'You… thi  i n't a critici m, Harry! But you do…  ort of… I mean - don't you think you've got a bit of a - a -  aving-people thing!'  he  aid. He glared at her. 'And what'  that  uppo ed to mean, a “ aving-people thing”?' 'Well… you…'  he looked more apprehen ive than ever. 'I mean… la t year, for in tance… in the lake… during the Tournament… you  houldn't have… I mean, you didn't need to  ave that little Delacour girl… you got a bit… carried away…' A wave of hot, prickly anger  wept through Harry  body; how could  he remind him of that blunder now? '1 mean, it wa  really great of you and everything,'  aid Hermione quickly, looking po itively petrified at the look on Harry  face, 'everyone thought it wa  a wonderful thing to do -' That'  funny,'  aid Harry through gritted teeth, 'becau e I definitely remember Ron  aying I'd wa ted time acting the hero … i  that what you think thi  i ? You reckon I want to act the hero again?' 'No, no, no!'  aid Hermione, looking agha t. That'  not what I mean at all!' 'Well,  pit out what you've got to  ay, becau e we're wa ting time here!' Harry  houted. 'I'm trying to  ay - Voldemort know  you, Harry! He took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secret  to lure you there, it'  the kind of thing he doe , he know  you're the - the  ort of per on who'd go to Siriu '  aid! What if he'  ju t trying to get you into the Department of My t—?' 'Hermione, it doe n't matter if he'  done it to get me there or not - they've taken McGonagall to St Mungo' , there i n't anyone from the Order left at Hogwart  who we can tell, and if we don't go, Siriu  i  dead!' 'But Harry - what if your dream wa  - wa  ju t that, a dream?' Harry let out a roar of fru tration. Hermione actually  tepped back from him, looking alarmed. 'You don't get it!' Harry  houted at her, 'I'm not having nightmare , I'm not ju t dreaming! What d'you think all the Occlumency wa  for, why d'you think Dumbledore wanted me prevented from  eeing the e thing ? Becau e they're REAL, Hermione - Siriu  i  trapped, I've  een him. Voldemort'  got him, and no one el e know , and that mean  we're the only one  who can  ave him, and if you don't want to do it, fine, but I'm going, under tand? And if I remember rightly, you didn't have a problem with my  aving-people thing when it wa  you I wa   aving from the Dementor , or -' he rounded on Ron '- when it wa  your  i ter I wa   aving from the Ba ili k -' 'I never  aid I had a problem!'  aid Ron heatedly. 'But Harry, you've ju t  aid it,'  aid Hermione fiercely, 'Dumbledore wanted you to learn to  hut the e thing  out of your mind, if you'd done Occlumency properly you'd never have  een thi  -' 'IF YOU THINK I'M JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN -' 'Siriu  told you there wa  nothing more important than you learning to clo e your mind!' 'WELL, I EXPECT HE'D SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT I'D JUST -' The cla room door opened. Harry, Ron and Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in, looking curiou , clo ely followed by Luna, who a  u ual looked a  though  he had drifted in accidentally. 'Hi,'  aid Ginny uncertainly. 'We recogni ed Harry'  voice. What are you yelling about?' 'Never you mind,'  aid Harry roughly. Ginny rai ed her eyebrow . There'  no need to take that tone with me,'  he  aid coolly, 'I wa  only wondering whether I could help.' 'Well, you can't,'  aid Harry  hortly. 'You're being rather rude, you know,'  aid Luna  erenely. Harry  wore and turned away. The very la t thing he wanted now wa  a conver ation with Luna Lovegood. 'Wait,'  aid Hermione  uddenly. 'Wait… Harry, they can help.' Harry and Ron looked at her. 'Li ten,'  he  aid urgently, 'Harry, we need to e tabli h whether Siriu  really ha  left Headquarter .' 'I've told you, I  aw -' 'Harry, I'm begging you, plea e!'  aid Hermione de perately. 'Plea e let'  ju t check that Siriu  i n't at home before we go charging off to London. If we find out he'  not there, then I  wear I won't try to  top you. I'll come, I'll d - do whatever it take  to try and  ave him.' 'Siriu  i  being tortured NOW!'  houted Harry. 'We haven't got time to wa te.' 'But if thi  i  a trick of Voldemort' , Harry, we've got to check, we've got to.' 'How?' Harry demanded. 'How're we going to check?' 'We'll have to u e Umbridge'  fire and  ee if we can contact him,'  aid Hermione, who looked po itively terrified at the thought. 'We'll draw Umbridge away again, but we'll need lookout , and that'  where we can u e Ginny and Luna.' Though clearly  truggling to under tand what wa  going on, Ginny  aid immediately, 'Yeah, we'll do it,' and Luna  aid, 'When you  ay “Siriu ”, are you talking about Stubby Boardman?' Nobody an wered her. 'OK,' Harry  aid aggre ively to Hermione, 'OK, if you can think of a way of doing thi  quickly, I'm with you, otherwi e I'm going to the Department of My terie  right now.' The Department of My terie ?'  aid Luna, looking mildly  urpri ed. 'But how are you going to get there?' Again, Harry ignored her. 'Right,'  aid Hermione, twi ting her hand  together and pacing up and down between the de k . 'Right… well… one of u  ha  to go and find Umbridge and - and  end her off in the wrong direction, keep her away from her office. They could tell her - I don't know - that Peeve  i  up to  omething awful a  u ual Til do it,'  aid Ron at once. Til tell her Peeve  i   ma hing up the Tran figuration department or  omething, it'  mile  away from her office. Come to think of it, I could probably per uade Peeve  to do it if I met him on the way.' It wa  a mark of the  eriou ne  of the  ituation that Hermione made no objection to the  ma hing up of the Tran figuration department. 'OK,'  he  aid, her brow furrowed a   he continued to pace. 'Now, we need to keep  tudent  right away from her office while we force entry, or  ome Slytherin  bound to go and tip her off.' 'Luna and I can  tand at either end of the corridor,'  aid Ginny promptly, 'and warn people not to go down there becau e  omeone'  let off a load of Garrotting Ga .' Hermione looked  urpri ed at the readine  with which Ginny had come up with thi  lie; Ginny  hrugged and  aid, 'Fred and George were planning to do it before they left.' 'OK,'  aid Hermione. 'Well then, Harry, you and I will be under the Invi ibility Cloak and we'll  neak into the office and you can talk to Siriu  -' 'He'  not there, Hermione!' 'I mean, you can - can check whether Siriu  i  at home or not while I keep watch, I don't think you  hould be in there alone, Lee'  already proved the window  a weak  pot,  ending tho e Niffler  through it.' Even through hi  anger and impatience, Harry recogni ed Hermione  offer to accompany him into Umbridge'  office a  a  ign of  olidarity and loyalty. 'I… OK, thank ,' he muttered. 'Right, well, even if we do all of that, I don't think we're going to be able to bank on more than five minute ,'  aid Hermione, looking relieved that Harry  eemed to have accepted the plan, 'not with Filch and the wretched Inqui itorial Squad floating around.' 'Five minute 'll be enough,'  aid Harry. 'C'mon, let'  go -' 'Now?'  aid Hermione, looking  hocked. 'Of cour e now!'  aid Harry angrily. 'What did you think, we're going to wait until after dinner or  omething? Hermione, Siriu  i  being tortured right now!' 'I - oh, all right,'  he  aid de perately. 'You go and get the Invi ibility Cloak and we'll meet you at the end of Umbridge'  corridor, OK?' Harry didn't an wer, but flung him elf out of the room and began to fight hi  way through the milling crowd  out ide. Two floor  up he met Seamu  and Dean, who hailed him jovially and told him they were planning a du k-till-dawn end-of-exam  celebration in the common room. Harry barely heard them. He  crambled through the portrait hole while they were  till arguing about how many black-market Butterbeer  they would need and wa  climbing back out of it, the Invi ibility Cloak and Siriu '  knife  ecure in hi  bag, before they noticed he had left them. 'Harry, d'you want to chip in a couple of Galleon ? Harold Dingle reckon  he could  ell u   ome Firewhi ky -' But Harry wa  already tearing away back along the corridor, and a couple of minute  later wa  jumping the la t few  tair  to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Luna, who were huddled together at the end of Umbridge'  corridor. 'Got it,' he panted. 'Ready to go, then?' :• 'All right,' whi pered Hermione a  a gang of loud  ixth-year  pa ed them. 'So Ron - you go and head Umbridge off… Ginny, Luna, if you can  tart moving people out of the corridor… Harry and I will get the Cloak on and wait until the coa t i  clear…" Ron  trode away, hi  bright-red hair vi ible right to the end of the pa age; meanwhile Ginny  equally vivid head bobbed between the jo tling  tudent   urrounding them in the other direction, trailed by Luna'  blonde one. 'Get over here,' muttered Hermione, tugging at Harry'  wri t and pulling him back into a rece  where the ugly  tone head of a medieval wizard  tood muttering to it elf on a column. 'Are - are you  ure you're OK, Harry? You're  till very pale.' 'I'm fine,' he  aid  hortly, tugging the Invi ibility Cloak from out of hi  bag. In truth, hi   car wa  aching, but not  o badly that he thought Voldemort had yet dealt Siriu  a fatal blow; it had hurt much wor e than thi  when Voldemort had been puni hing Avery… 'Here,' he  aid; he threw the Invi ibility Cloak over both of them and they  tood li tening carefully over the Latin mumbling  of the bu t in front of them. 'You can't come down here!' Ginny wa  calling to the crowd. 'No,  orry, you're going to have to go round by the  wivelling  tairca e,  omeone'  let off Garrotting Ga  ju t along here -' They could hear people complaining; one  urly voice  aid, 'I can't  ee no ga .' That'  becau e it'  colourle ,'  aid Ginny in a convincingly exa perated voice, 'but if you want to walk through it, carry on, then we'll have your body a  proof for the next idiot who doe n't believe u .' Slowly, the crowd thinned. The new  about the Garrotting Ga   eemed to have  pread; people were not coming thi  way any more. When at la t the  urrounding area wa  quite clear, Hermione  aid quietly, 'I think that'  a  good a  we're going to get, Harry — come on, let'  do it.' They moved forward , covered by the Cloak. Luna wa   tanding with her back to them at the far end of the corridor. A  they pa ed Ginny, Hermione whi pered, 'Good one… don't forget the  ignal.' 'What'  the  ignal?' muttered Harry, a  they approached Umbridge'  door. 'A loud choru  of “Wea ley i  our King” if they  ee Umbridge coming,' replied Hermione, a  Harry in erted the blade of Siriu '  knife in the crack between door and wall. The lock clicked open and they entered the office. The gari h kitten  were ba king in the late-afternoon  un hine that wa  warming their plate , but otherwi e the office wa  a   till and unoccupied a  la t time. Hermione breathed a  igh of relief. 'I thought  he might have added extra  ecurity after the  econd Niffler.' They pulled off the Cloak; Hermione hurried over to the window and  tood out of  ight, peering down into the ground  with her wand out. Harry da hed over to the fireplace,  eized the pot of Floo powder and threw a pinch into the grate, cau ing emerald flame  to bur t into life there. He knelt down quickly, thru t hi  head into the dancing fire and cried, 'Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!' Hi  head began to  pin a  though he had ju t got off a iair-ground ride though hi  knee  remained firmly planted on the cold office floor. He kept hi  eye   crewed up again t the whirling a h and when the  pinning  topped he opened them to find him elf looking out at the long, cold kitchen of Grimmauld Place. There wa  nobody there. He had expected thi , yet wa  not prepared for the molten wave of dread and panic that  eemed to bur t through hi   tomach at the  ight of the de erted room. 'Siriu ?' he  houted. 'Siriu , are you there?' Hi  voice echoed around the room, but there wa  no an wer except a tiny  cuffing  ound to the right of the fire. 'Who'  there?' he called, wondering whether it wa  ju t a mou e. Kreacher the hou e-elf crept into view. He looked highly delighted about  omething, though he  eemed to have recently  u tained a na ty injury to both hand , which were heavily bandaged. 'It'  the Potter boy'  head in the fire,' Kreacher informed the empty kitchen,  tealing furtive, oddly triumphant glance  at Harry. 'What ha  he come for, Kreacher wonder ?' 'Where'  Siriu , Kreacher?' Harry demanded. The hou e-elf gave a wheezy chuckle. 'Ma ter ha  gone out, Harry Potter.' 'Where'  he gone? Where'  he gone, Kreacher?' Kreacher merely cackled. 'I'm warning you!'  aid Harry, fully aware that hi   cope for inflicting puni hment upon Kreacher wa  almo t non-exi tent in thi  po ition. 'What about Lupin? Mad-Eye? Any of them, are any of them there?' 'Nobody here but Kreacher!'  aid the elf gleefully, and turning away from Harry he began to walk  lowly toward  the door at the end of the kitchen. 'Kreacher think  he will have a little chat with hi  mi tre  now, ye , he ha n't had a chance in a long time, Kreacher'  ma ter ha  been keeping him away from her -' 'Where ha  Siriu  gone?' Harry yelled after the elf. 'Kreacher, ha  he gone to the Department of My terie ?' Kreacher  topped in hi  track . Harry could ju t make out the back of hi  bald head through the fore t of chair leg  before him. 'Ma ter doe  not tell poor Kreacher where he i  going,'  aid the elf quietly. 'But you know!'  houted Harry. 'Don't you? You know where he i !' There wa  a moment'   ilence, then the elf let out hi  loude t cackle yet. 'Ma ter will not come back from the Department of My terie !' he  aid gleefully. 'Kreacher and hi  mi tre  are alone again!' And he  curried forward  and di appeared through the door to the hall. 'You -!' But before he could utter a  ingle cur e or in ult, Harry felt a great pain at the top of hi  head; he inhaled a lot of a h and, choking, found him elf being dragged backward  through the flame , until with a horrible abruptne  he wa   taring up into the wide, pallid face of Profe or Umbridge who had dragged him backward  out of the fire by the hair and wa  now bending hi  neck back a  far a  it would go, a  though  he were going to  lit hi  throat. 'You think,'  he whi pered, bending Harry'  neck back even further,  o that he wa  looking up at the ceiling, 'that after two Niffler  I wa  going to let one more foul,  cavenging little creature enter my office without my knowledge? I had Stealth Sen oring Spell  placed all around my doorway after the la t one got in, you fooli h boy. Take hi  wand,'  he barked at  omeone he could not  ee, and he felt a hand grope in ide the che t pocket of hi  robe  and remove the wand. 'Her , too.' Harry heard a  cuffle over by the door and knew that Hermione had al o ju t had her wand wre ted from her. '1 want to know why you are in my office,'  aid Umbridge,  haking the fi t clutching hi  hair  o that he  taggered. 'I wa  - trying to get my Firebolt!' Harry croaked. 'Liar.' She  hook hi  head again. 'Your Firebolt i  under  trict guard in the dungeon , a  you very well know, Potter. You had your head in my fire. With whom have you been communicating?' 'No one -'  aid Harry, trying to pull away from her. He felt  everal hair  part company with hi   calp. 'Liar!'  houted Umbridge. She threw him from her and he  lammed into the de k. Now he could  ee Hermione pinioned again t the wall by Millicent Bul trode. Malfoy wa  leaning on the window ill,  mirking a  he threw Harry'  wand into the air one-handed and caught it again. There wa  a commotion out ide and  everal large Slytherin  entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny, Luna and - to Harry'  bewilderment - Neville, who wa  trapped in a  tranglehold by Crabbe and looked in imminent danger of  uffocation. All four of them had been gagged. 'Got 'em all,'  aid Warrington,  hoving Ron roughly forward  into the room. That one,' he poked a thick finger at Neville, 'tried to  top me taking her,' he pointed at Ginny, who wa  trying to kick the  hin  of the large Slytherin girl holding her, ' o I brought him along too.' 'Good, good,'  aid Umbridge, watching Ginny'   truggle . 'Well, it look  a  though Hogwart  will  hortly be a Wea ley-free zone, doe n't it?' Malfoy laughed loudly and  ycophantically. Umbridge gave her wide, complacent  mile and  ettled her elf into a chintz-covered armchair, blinking up at her captive  like a toad in a flowerbed. 'So, Potter,'  he  aid. 'You  tationed lookout  around my office and you  ent thi  buffoon,'  he nodded at Ron — Malfoy laughed even louder - 'to tell me the poltergei t wa  wreaking havoc in the Tran figuration department when I knew perfectly well that he wa  bu y  mearing ink on the eyepiece  of all the  chool tele cope  -Mr Filch having ju t informed me  o. 'Clearly, it wa  very important for you to talk to  omebody. Wa  it Albu  Dumbledore? Or the half-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it wa  Minerva McGonagall, I hear  he i   till too ill to talk to anyone.' Malfoy and a few of the other member  of the Inqui itorial Squad laughed  ome more at that. Harry found he wa   o full of rage and hatred he wa   haking. 'It'  none of your bu ine  who I talk to,' he  narled. Umbridge'   lack face  eemed to tighten. 'Very well,'  he  aid in her mo t dangerou  and fal ely  weet voice. 'Very well, Mr Potter… I offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refu ed. I have no alternative but to force you. Draco - fetch Profe or Snape.' Malfoy  towed Harry'  wand in ide hi  robe  and left the room  mirking, but Harry hardly noticed. He had ju t reali ed  omething; he could not believe he had been  o  tupid a  to forget it. He had thought that all the member  of the Order, all tho e who could help him  ave Siriu , were gone - but he had been wrong. There wa   till a member of the Order of the Phoenix at Hogwart  - Snape. There wa   ilence in the office except for the fidgeting  and  cuf-fling  re ulting from the Slytherin ' effort  to keep Ron and the other  under control. Ron'  lip wa  bleeding on to Umbridge'  carpet a  he  truggled again t Warrington'  half-nel on; Ginny wa   till trying to  tamp on the feet of the  ixth-year girl who had both her upper arm  in a tight grip; Neville wa  turning  teadily more purple in the face while tugging at Crabbe'  arm ; and Hermione wa  attempting, in vain, to throw Millicent Bul trode off her. Luna, however,  tood limply by the  ide of her captor, gazing vaguely out of the window a  though rather bored by the proceeding . Harry looked back at Umbridge, who wa  watching him clo ely. He kept hi  face deliberately  mooth and blank a  foot tep  were heard in the corridor out ide and Draco Malfoy entered the room, clo ely followed by Snape. 'You wanted to  ee me, Headmi tre ?'  aid Snape, looking around at all the pair  of  truggling  tudent  with an expre ion of complete indifference. 'Ah, Profe or Snape,'  aid Umbridge,  miling widely and  tanding up again. 'Ye , I would like another bottle of Verita erum, a  quick a  you can, plea e.' 'You took my la t bottle to interrogate Potter,' he  aid,  urveying her coolly through hi  grea y curtain  of black hair. 'Surely you did not u e it all? I told you that three drop  would be  ufficient.' Umbridge flu hed. 'You can make  ome more, can't you?'  he  aid, her voice becoming more  weetly girli h a  it alway  did when  he wa  furiou . 'Certainly,'  aid Snape, hi  lip curling. 'It take  a full moon-cycle to mature,  o I  hould have it ready for you in around a month.' 'A month?'  quawked Umbridge,  welling toadi hly. 'A month? But I need it thi  evening, Snape! I have ju t found Potter u ing my fire to communicate with a per on or per on  unknown!' 'Really?'  aid Snape,  howing hi  fir t, faint  ign of intere t a  he looked round at Harry. 'Well, it doe n't  urpri e me. Potter ha  never  hown much inclination to follow  chool rule .' Hi  cold, dark eye  were boring into Harry' , who met hi  gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard on what he had  een in hi  dream, willing Snape to read it in hi  mind, to under tand… 'I wi h to interrogate him!' repeated Umbridge angrily, and Snape looked away from Harry back into her furiou ly quivering face. 'I wi h you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth!' 'I have already told you,'  aid Snape  moothly, 'that I have no further  tock  of Verita erum. Unle  you wi h to poi on Potter -and I a ure you I would have the greate t  ympathy with you if you did - I cannot help you. The only trouble i  that mo t venom  act too fa t to give the victim much time for truth-telling.' Snape looked back at Harry, who  tared at him, frantic to communicate without word . Voldemort'  got Siriu  in the Department of My terie , he thought de perately. Voldemort'  got Siriu  - 'You are on probation!'  hrieked Profe or Umbridge, and Snape looked back at her, hi  eyebrow   lightly rai ed. 'You are being deliberately unhelpful! I expected better, Luciu  Malfoy alway   peak  mo t highly of you! Now get out of my office!' Snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave. Harry knew hi  la t chance of letting the Order know what wa  going on wa  walking out of the door. 'He'  got Padfoot!' he  houted. 'He'  got Padfoot at the place where it'  hidden!' Snape had  topped with hi  hand on Umbridge  door handle. 'Padfoot?' cried Profe or Umbridge, looking eagerly from Harry to Snape. 'What i  Padfoot? Where what i  hidden? What doe  he mean, Snape?' Snape looked round at Harry. Hi  face wa  in crutable. Harry could not tell whether he had under tood or not, but he did not dare  peak more plainly in front of Umbridge. 'I have no idea,'  aid Snape coldly. 'Potter, when I want non en e  houted at me I  hall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loo en your hold a little. If Longbottom  uffocate  it will mean a lot of tediou  paperwork and I am afraid I  hall have to mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a job.' He clo ed the door behind him with a  nap, leaving Harry in a  tate of wor e turmoil than before: Snape had been hi  very la t hope. He looked at Umbridge, who  eemed to be feeling the  ame way; her che t wa  heaving with rage and fru tration. 'Very well,'  he  aid, and  he pulled out her wand. 'Very well… I am left with no alternative… thi  i  more than a matter of  chool di cipline… thi  i  an i ue of Mini try  ecurity… ye … ye …' She  eemed to be talking her elf into  omething. She wa   hifting her weight nervou ly from foot to foot,  taring at Harry, beating her wand again t her empty palm and breathing heavily. A  he watched her, Harry felt horribly powerle  without hi  own wand. 'You are forcing me, Potter… I do not want to,'  aid Umbridge,  till moving re tle ly on the  pot, 'but  ometime  circum tance  ju tify the u e… I am  ure the Mini ter will under tand that I had no choice Malfoy wa  watching her with a hungry expre ion on hi  face. The Cruciatu  Cur e ought to loo en your tongue,'  aid Umbridge quietly. 'No!'  hrieked Hermione. 'Profe or Umbridge - it'  illegal.' But Umbridge took no notice. There wa  a na ty, eager, excited look on her face that Harry had never  een before. She rai ed her wand. The Mini ter wouldn't want you to break the law, Profe or Umbridge!' cried Hermione. 'What Corneliu  doe n't know won't hurt him,'  aid Umbridge, who wa  now panting  lightly a   he pointed her wand at different part  of Harry'  body in turn, apparently trying to decide where it would hurt mo t. 'He never knew I ordered Dementor  to go after Potter la t  ummer, but he wa  delighted to be given the chance to expel him, all the  ame.' 'It wa  you? ga ped Harry. 'You  ent the Dementor  after me?' 'Somebody had to act,' breathed Umbridge, a  her wand came to re t pointing directly at Harry  forehead. They were all bleating about  ilencing you  omehow - di crediting you - but I wa  the one who actually did  omething about it… only you wriggled out of that one, didn't you, Potter? Not today though, not now -' And taking a deep breath,  he cried, 'Cruc—' 'NO!'  houted Hermione in a cracked voice from behind Millicent Bul trode. 'No - Harry - we'll have to tell her!' 'No way!' yelled Harry,  taring at the little of Hermione he could  ee. 'We'll have to, Harry,  he'll force it out of you anyway, what' … what'  the point?' And Hermione began to cry weakly into the back of Millicent Bul trode'  robe . Millicent  topped trying to  qua h her again t the wall immediately and dodged out of her way looking di gu ted. 'Well, well, well!'  aid Umbridge, looking triumphant. 'Little Mi  Que tion-all i  going to give u   ome an wer ! Come on then, girl, come on!' 'Er - my - nee - no!'  houted Ron through hi  gag. Ginny wa   taring at Hermione a  though  he had never  een her before. Neville,  till choking for breath, wa  gazing at her, too. But Harry had ju t noticed  omething. Though Hermione wa   obbing de perately into her hand , there wa  no trace of a tear. 'I'm - I'm  orry everyone,'  aid Hermione. 'But - I can't  tand it -' That'  right, that'  right, girl!'  aid Umbridge,  eizing Hermione by the  houlder , thru ting her into the abandoned chintz chair and leaning over her. 'Now then… with whom wa  Potter communicating ju t now?' 'Well,' gulped Hermione into her hand , 'well, he wa  trying to  peak to Profe or Dumbledore.' Ron froze, hi  eye  wide; Ginny  topped trying to  tamp on her Slytherin captor'  toe ; and even Luna looked mildly  urpri ed. Fortunately, the attention of Umbridge and her minion  wa  focu ed too exclu ively upon Hermione to notice the e  u piciou   ign . 'Dumbledore?'  aid Umbridge eagerly. 'You know where Dumbledore i , then?' 'Well… no!'  obbed Hermione. 'We've tried the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley and the Three Broom tick  and even the Hog'  Head -' 'Idiot girl - Dumbledore won't be  itting in a pub when the whole Mini try'  looking lor him!'  houted Umbridge, di appointment etched in every  agging line of her face. 'But - but we needed to tell him  omething important!' wailed Hermione, holding her hand  more tightly over her face, not, Harry knew, out of angui h, but to di gui e the continued ab ence of tear . 'Ye ?'  aid Umbridge with a  udden re urgence of excitement. 'What wa  it you wanted to tell him?' We… we wanted to tell him it'  r - ready!' choked Hermione. What'  ready?' demanded Umbridge, and now  he grabbed Hermione'   houlder  again and  hook her  lightly. What'  ready, girl?' The… the weapon,'  aid Hermione. 'Weapon? Weapon?'  aid Umbridge, and her eye   eemed to pop with excitement. 'You have been developing  ome method of re i tance? A weapon you could u e again t the Mini try? On Profe or Dumbledore'  order , of cour e?' 'Y — y - ye ,' ga ped Hermione, 'but he had to leave before it wa  fini hed and n - n - now we've fini hed it for him, and we c - c - can't find him't -'t - to tell him!' 'What kind of weapon i  it?'  aid Umbridge har hly, her  tubby hand   till tight on Hermione'   houlder . 'We don't r - r - really under tand it,'  aid Hermione,  niffing loudly. 'We j - j - ju t did what P - P - Profe or Dumbledore told u 't -'t - to do.' Umbridge  traightened up, looking exultant. 'Lead me to the weapon,'  he  aid. 'I'm not  howing… them,'  aid Hermione  hrilly, looking around at the Slytherin  through her finger . 'It i  not for you to  et condition ,'  aid Profe or Umbridge har hly. 'Fine,'  aid Hermione, now  obbing into her hand  again. 'Fine… let them  ee it, I hope they u e it on you! In fact, I wi h you'd invite load  and load  of people to come and  ee! Th - that would  erve you right - oh, I'd love it if the wh - whole  chool knew where it wa , and how to u - u e it, and then if you annoy any of them they'll be able to'  -  ort you out!' The e word  had a powerful impact on Umbridge:  he glanced  wiftly and  u piciou ly around at her Inqui itorial Squad, her bulging eye  re ting for a moment on Malfoy, who wa  too  low to di gui e the look of eagerne  and greed that had appeared on hi  face. Umbridge contemplated Hermione for another long moment, then  poke in what  he clearly thought wa  a motherly voice. 'All right, dear, let'  make it ju t you and me… and we'll take Potter, too,  hall we? Get up, now.' 'Profe or,'  aid Malfoy eagerly, 'Profe or Umbridge, I think  ome of the Squad  hould come with you to look after -' 'I am a fully qualified Mini try official, Malfoy, do you really think I cannot manage two wandle  teenager  alone?' a ked Umbridge  harply. 'In any ca e, it doe  not  ound a  though thi  weapon i   omething that  choolchildren  hould  ee. You will remain here until I return and make  ure none of the e -'  he ge tured around at Ron, Ginny, Neville and Luna '- e cape.' 'All right,'  aid Malfoy, looking  ulky and di appointed. 'And you two can go ahead of me and  how me the way'  aid Umbridge, pointing at Harry and Hermione with her wand. 'Lead on. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 33 - Fight and Flight Harry had no idea what Hermione wa  planning, or even whether  he had a plan. He walked half a pace behind her a  they headed down the corridor out ide Umbridge'  office, knowing it would look very  u piciou  if he appeared not to know where they were going. He did not dare attempt to talk to her; Umbridge wa  walking  o clo ely behind them that he could hear her ragged breathing. Hermione led the way down the  tair  into the Entrance Hall. The din of loud voice  and the clatter of cutlery on plate  echoed from out of the double door  to the Great Hall - it  eemed incredible to Harry that twenty feet away were people who were enjoying dinner, celebrating the end of exam , not a care in the world… Hermione walked  traight out of the oak front door  and down the  tone  tep  into the balmy evening air. The  un wa  falling toward  the top  of the tree  in the Forbidden Fore t now, and a  Hermione marched purpo efully acro  the gra  - Umbridge jogging to keep up - their long dark  hadow  rippled over the gra  behind them like cloak . 'It'  hidden in Hagrid'  hut, i  it?'  aid Umbridge eagerly in Harry'  ear. 'Of cour e not,'  aid Hermione  cathingly. 'Hagrid might have  et it off accidentally' 'Ye ,'  aid Umbridge, who e excitement  eemed to be mounting. 'Ye , he would have done, of cour e, the great half-breed oaf.' She laughed. Harry felt a  trong urge to  wing round and  eize her by the throat, but re i ted. Hi   car wa  throbbing in the  oft evening air but it had not yet burned white-hot, a  he knew it would if Voldemort had moved in for the kill. Then… where i  it?' a ked Umbridge, with a hint of uncertainty in her voice a  Hermione continued to  tride toward  the Fore t. 'In there, of cour e,'  aid Hermione, pointing into the dark tree . 'It had to be  omewhere that  tudent  weren't going to find it accidentally, didn't it?' 'Of cour e,'  aid Umbridge, though  he  ounded a little apprehen ive now. 'Of cour e… very well, then… you two  tay ahead of me.' 'Can we have your wand, then, if we're going fir t?' Harry a ked her. 'No, I don't think  o, Mr Potter,'  aid Umbridge  weetly, poking him in the back with it. The Mini try place  a rather higher value on my life than your , I'm afraid.' A  they reached the cool  hade of the fir t tree , Harry tried to catch Hermione  eye; walking into the Fore t without wand   eemed to him to be more foolhardy than anything they had done  o far thi  evening. She, however, merely gave Umbridge a contemptuou  glance and plunged  traight into the tree , moving at  uch a pace that Umbridge, with her  horter leg , had difficulty in keeping up. 'I  it very far in?' Umbridge a ked, a  her robe ripped on a bramble. 'Oh ye ,'  aid Hermione, 'ye , it'  well hidden.' Harry'  mi giving  increa ed. Hermione wa  not taking the path they had followed to vi it Grawp, but the one he followed three year  ago to the lair of the mon ter Aragog. Hermione had not been with him on that occa ion; he doubted  he had any idea what danger lay at the end of it. 'Er - are you  ure thi  i  the right way?' he a ked her pointedly. 'Oh ye ,'  he  aid in a  teely voice, cra hing through the undergrowth with what he thought wa  a wholly unnece ary amount of noi e. Behind them, Umbridge tripped over a fallen  apling. Neither of them pau ed to help her up again; Hermione merely  trode on, calling loudly over her  houlder, 'It'  a bit further in!' 'Hermione, keep your voice down,' Harry muttered, hurrying to catch up with her. 'Anything could be li tening in here -' 'I want u  heard,'  he an wered quietly, a  Umbridge jogged noi ily after them. 'You'll  ee…" They walked on for what  eemed a long time, until they were once again  o deep into the Fore t that the den e tree canopy blocked out all light. Harry had the feeling he had had before in the Fore t, one of being watched by un een eye . 'How much further?' demanded Umbridge angrily from behind him. 'Not far now!'  houted Hermione, a  they emerged into a dim, dank clearing. 'Ju t a little bit -' An arrow flew through the air and landed with a menacing thud in the tree ju t over her head. The air wa   uddenly full of the  ound of hoove ; Harry could feel the Fore t floor trembling; Umbridge gave a little  cream and pu hed him in front of her like a  hield - He wrenched him elf free of her and turned. Around fifty centaur  were emerging on every  ide, their bow  rai ed and loaded, pointing at Harry Hermione and Umbridge. They backed  lowly into the centre of the clearing, Umbridge uttering odd little whimper  of terror. Harry looked  ideway  at Hermione. She wa  wearing a triumphant  mile. 'Who are you?'  aid a voice. Harry looked left. The che tnut-bodied centaur called Magorian wa  walking toward  them out of the circle: hi  bow, like tho e of the other , wa  rai ed. On Harry'  right, Umbridge wa   till whimpering, her wand trembling violently a   he pointed it at the advancing centaur. 'I a ked you who are you, human,'  aid Magorian roughly. 'I am Dolore  Umbridge!'  aid Umbridge in a high-pitched, terrified voice. 'Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter for Magic and Headmi tre  and High Inqui itor of Hogwart !' 'You are from the Mini try of Magic?'  aid Magorian, a  many of the centaur  in the  urrounding circle  hifted re tle ly. That'  right!'  aid Umbridge, in an even higher voice, ' o be very careful! By the law  laid down by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature , any attack by half-breed   uch a  your elve  on a human -' 'What did you call u ?'  houted a wild-looking black centaur, whom Harry recogni ed a  Bane. There wa  a great deal of angry muttering and tightening of bow tring  around them. 'Don't call them that!' Hermione  aid furiou ly, but Umbndge did not appear to have heard her. Still pointing her  haking wand at Magorian,  he continued, 'Law Fifteen “B”  tate  clearly that “any attack by a magical creature who i  deemed to have near-human intelligence, and therefore con idered re pon ible for it  action  —”' '“Near-human intelligence”?' repeated Magorian, a  Bane and  everal other  roared with rage and pawed the ground. 'We con ider that a great in ult, human! Our intelligence, thankfully, far out trip  your own.' 'What are you doing in our Fore t?' bellowed the hard-faced grey centaur Harry and Hermione had  een on their la t trip into the Fore t. 'Why are you here?' 'Your Fore t?'  aid Umbridge,  haking now not only with fright but al o, it  eemed, with indignation. 'I would remind you that you live here only becau e the Mini try of Magic permit  you certain area  of land -' An arrow flew  o clo e to her head that it caught at her mou y hair in pa ing:  he let out an ear- plitting  cream and threw her hand  over her head, while  ome of the centaur  bellowed their approval and other  laughed raucou ly. The  ound of their wild, neighing laughter echoing around the dimly lit clearing and the  ight of their pawing hoove  wa  extremely unnerving. 'Who e Fore t i  it now, human?' bellowed Bane. 'Filthy half-breed !'  he  creamed, her hand   till tight over her head. 'Bea t ! Uncontrolled animal !' 'Be quiet!'  houted Hermione, but it wa  too late: Umbridge pointed her wand at Magorian and  creamed, 'Incarcerou !' Rope  flew out of midair like thick  nake , wrapping them elve  tightly around the centaur'  tor o and trapping hi  arm : he gave a cry of rage and reared on to hi  hind leg , attempting to free him elf, while the other centaur  charged. Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the ground; face down on the Fore t floor, he knew a moment of terror a  hoove  thundered around him, but the centaur  leapt over and around them, bellowing and  creaming with rage. 'Nooooo!' he heard Umbridge  hriek. 'Noooooo… I am Senior Under ecretary… you cannot - Unhand me, you animal … nooooo!' Harry  aw a fla h of red light and knew  he had attempted to Stun one of them; then  he  creamed very loudly. Lifting hi  head a few inche , Harry  aw that Umbridge had been  eized from behind by Bane and lifted high into the air, wriggling and yelling with fright. Her wand fell from her hand to the ground, and Harry'  heart leapt. If he could ju t reach it - But a  he  tretched out a hand toward  it, a centaur'  hoof de cended upon the wand and it broke cleanly in half. 'Now!' roared a voice in Harry'  ear and a thick hairy arm de cended from thin air and dragged him upright. Hermione, too, had been pulled to her feet. Over the plunging, many-coloured back  and head  of the centaur , Harry  aw Umbridge being borne away through the tree  by Bane. Screaming non- top, her voice grew fainter and fainter until they could no longer hear it over the trampling of hoove   urrounding them. 'And the e?'  aid the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione. They are young,'  aid a  low, doleful voice from behind Harry. 'We do not attack foal .' They brought her here, Ronan,' replied the centaur who had  uch a firm grip on Harry. 'And they are not  o young… he i  nearing manhood, thi  one.' He  hook Harry by the neck of hi  robe . 'Plea e,'  aid Hermione breathle ly, 'plea e, don't attack u , we don't think like her, we aren't Mini try of Magic employee ! We only came in here becau e we hoped you'd drive her off for u .' Harry knew at once, from the look on the face of the grey centaur holding Hermione, that  he had made a terrible mi take in  aying thi . The grey centaur threw back hi  head, hi  back leg   tamping furiou ly, and bellowed, 'You  ee, Ronan? They already have the arrogance of their kind! So we were to do your dirty work, were we, human girl? We were to act a  your  ervant , drive away your enemie  like obedient hound ?' 'No!'  aid Hermione in a horror truck  queak. 'Plea e - I didn't mean that! I ju t hoped you'd be able to - to help u  -' But  he  eemed to be going from bad to wor e. 'We do not help human !'  narled the centaur holding Harry, tightening hi  grip and rearing a little at the  ame time,  o that Harry'  feet left the ground momentarily. 'We are a race apart and proud to be  o. We will not permit you to walk from here, boa ting that we did your bidding!' 'We're not going to  ay anything like that!' Harry  houted. 'We know you didn't do what you did becau e we wanted you to -' But nobody  eemed to be li tening to him. A bearded centaur toward  the back of the crowd  houted, They came here una ked, they mu t pay the con equence !' A roar of approval met the e word  and a dun-coloured centaur  houted, They can join the woman!' 'You  aid you didn't hurt the innocent!'  houted Hermione, real tear   liding down her face now. 'We haven't done anything to hurt you, we haven't u ed wand  or threat , we ju t want to go back to  chool, plea e let u  go back -' 'We are not all like the traitor Firenze, human girl!'  houted the grey centaur, to more neighing roar  of approval from hi  fellow . 'Perhap  you thought u  pretty talking hor e ? We are an ancient people who will not  tand wizard inva ion  and in ult ! We do not recogni e your law , we do not acknowledge your  uperiority, we are -' But they did not hear what el e centaur  were, for at that moment there came a cra hing noi e on the edge of the clearing  o loud that all of them, Harry, Hermione and the filty or  o centaur  filling the clearing, looked around. Harry'  centaur let him fall to the ground again a  hi  hand  flew to hi  bow and quiver of arrow . Hermione had been dropped, too, and Harry hurried toward  her a  two thick tree trunk  parted ominou ly and the mon trou  form of Grawp the giant appeared in the gap. The centaur  neare t him backed into tho e behind; the clearing wa  now a fore t of bow  and arrow  waiting to be fired, all pointing upward  at the enormou  greyi h face now looming over them from ju t beneath the thick canopy of branche . Grawp'  lop ided mouth wa  gaping  tupidly; they could  ee hi  bricklike yellow teeth glimmering in the half-light, hi  dull  ludge-coloured eye  narrowed a  he  quinted down at the creature  at hi  feet. Broken rope  trailed from both ankle . He opened hi  mouth even wider. 'Hagger.' Harry did not know what 'hagger' meant, or what language it wa  from, nor did he much care; he wa  watching Grawp'  feet, which were almo t a  long a  Harry'  whole body. Hermione gripped hi  arm tightly; the centaur  were quite  ilent,  taring up at the giant, who e huge, round head moved from  ide to  ide a  he continued to peer among t them a  though looking for  omething he had dropped. 'Hagger!' he  aid again, more in i tently. 'Get away from here, giant!' called Magorian. 'You are not welcome among u !' The e word   eemed to make no impre ion what oever on Grawp. He  tooped a little (the centaur ' arm  ten ed on their bow ), then bellowed, 'HAGGER!' A few of the centaur  looked worried now. Hermione, however, gave a ga p. 'Harry!'  he whi pered. 'I think he'  trying to  ay “Hagrid”!' At thi  preci e moment Grawp caught  ight of them, the only two human  in a  ea of centaur . He lowered hi  head another foot or  o,  taring intently at them. Harry could feel Hermione  haking a  Grawp opened hi  mouth wide again and  aid, in a deep, rumbling voice, 'Hermy.' 'Goodne ,'  aid Hermione, gripping Harry'  arm  o tightly it wa  growing numb and looking a  though  he wa  about to faint, 'he - he remembered!' 'HERMY!' roared Grawp. 'WHERE HAGGER?' 'I don't know!'  quealed Hermione, terrified. 'I'm  orry, Grawp, I don't know!' 'GRAWP WANT HAGGER!' One of the giant'  ma ive hand  reached down. Hermione let out a real  cream, ran a few  tep  backward  and fell over. Devoid of a wand, Harry braced him elf to punch, kick, bite or whatever el e it took a  the hand  wooped toward  him and knocked a  now-white centaur off hi  leg . It wa  what the centaur  had been waiting for — Grawp'  out tretched finger  were a foot from Harry when fifty arrow   oared through the air at the giant, peppering hi  enormou  face, cau ing him to howl with pain and rage and  traighten up, rubbing hi  face with hi  enormou  hand , breaking off the arrow  haft  but forcing the arrowhead  in  till deeper. He yelled and  tamped hi  enormou  feet and the centaur   cattered out of the way; pebble- ized droplet  of Grawp'  blood  howered Harry a  he pulled Hermione to her feet and the pair of them ran a  fa t a  they could for the  helter of the tree . Once there they looked back; Grawp wa   natching blindly at the centaur  a  blood ran down hi  face; they were retreating in di order, galloping away through the tree  on the other  ide of the clearing. Harry and Hermione watched Grawp give another roar of fury and plunge after them,  ma hing more tree  a ide a  he went. 'Oh no,'  aid Hermione, quaking  o badly that her knee  gave way. 'Oh, that wa  horrible. And he might kill them all.' 'I'm not that fu ed, to be hone t,'  aid Harry bitterly. The  ound  of the galloping centaur  and the blundering giant grew fainter and fainter. A  Harry li tened to them, hi   car gave another great throb and a wave of terror  wept over him. They had wa ted  o much time - they were even further from re cuing Siriu  than they had been when he had had the vi ion. Not only had Harry managed to lo e hi  wand but they were  tuck in the middle of the Forbidden Fore t with no mean  of tran port what oever. 'Smart plan,' he  pat at Hermione, having to relea e  ome of hi  fury. 'Really  mart plan. Where do we go from here?' 'We need to get back up to the ca tle,'  aid Hermione faintly. 'By the time we've done that, Siriu 'll probably be dead!'  aid Harry, kicking a nearby tree in temper. A high-pitched chattering  tarted up overhead and he looked up to  ee an angry Bowtruckle flexing it  long twiglike finger  at him. 'Well, we can't do anything without wand ,'  aid Hermione hopele ly, dragging her elf up again. 'Anyway, Harry, how exactly were you planning to get all the way to London?' 'Yeah, we were ju t wondering that,'  aid a familiar voice from behind her. Harry and Hermione moved together in tinctively and peered through the tree . Ron came into  ight, clo ely followed by Ginny, Neville and Luna. All of them looked a little the wor e for wear - there were  everal long  cratche  running the length of Ginny'  cheek; a large purple lump wa   welling above Neville'  right eye; Ron'  lip wa  bleeding wor e than ever - but all were looking rather plea ed with them elve . 'So,'  aid Ron, pu hing a ide a low-hanging branch and holding out Harry'  wand, 'had any idea ?' 'How did you get away?' a ked Harry in amazement, taking hi  wand from Ron. 'Couple of Stunner , a Di arming Charm, Neville brought off a really nice little Impediment Jinx,'  aid Ron airily, now handing back Hermione'  wand, too. 'But Ginny wa  be t,  he got Malfoy - Bat Bogey Hex - it wa   uperb, hi  whole face wa  covered in the great flapping thing . Anyway, we  aw you out of the window heading into the Fore t and followed. What've you done with Umbridge?' 'She got carried away,'  aid Harry. 'By a herd of centaur .' 'And they left you behind?' a ked Ginny, looking a toni hed. 'No, they got cha ed off by Grawp,'  aid Harry 'Who'  Grawp?' Luna a ked intere tedly. 'Hagrid'  little brother,'  aid Ron promptly. 'Anyway, never mind that now. Harry, what did you find out in the fire? Ha  You-Know-Who got Siriu  or -?' 'Ye ,'  aid Harry, a  hi   car gave another painful prickle, 'and I'm  ure Siriu  i   till alive, but I can't  ee how we're going to get there to help him.' They all fell  ilent, looking rather  cared; the problem facing them  eemed in urmountable. 'Well, we'll have to fly, won't we?'  aid Luna, in the clo e t thing to a matter-of-fact voice Harry had ever heard her u e. 'OK,'  aid Harry irritably, rounding on her. 'Fir t of all, “we” aren't doing anything if you're including your elf in that, and  econd of all, Ron'  the only one with a broom tick that i n't being guarded by a  ecurity troll,  o -' 'I've got a broom!'  aid Ginny. 'Yeah, but you're not coming,'  aid Ron angrily. 'Excu e me, but I care what happen  to Siriu  a  much a  you do!'  aid Ginny, her jaw  et  o that her re emblance to Fred and George wa   uddenly  triking. 'You're too -' Harry began, but Ginny  aid fiercely, 'I'm three year  older than you were when you fought You-Know-Who over the Philo opher'  Stone, and it'  becau e of me that Malfoy'   tuck back in Umbridge'  office with giant flying bogie  attacking him -' 'Yeah, but -' 'We were all in the DA together,'  aid Neville quietly. 'It wa  all  uppo ed to be about fighting You-Know-Who, wa n't it? And thi  i  the fir t chance we've had to do  omething real - or wa  that all ju t a game or  omething?' 'No — of cour e it wa n't -'  aid Harry impatiently. Then we  hould come too,'  aid Neville  imply. 'We want to help.' That'  right,'  aid Luna,  miling happily. Harry'  eye  met Ron' . He knew Ron wa  thinking exactly what he wa : if he could have cho en any member  of the DA, in addition to him elf, Ron and Hermione, to join him in the attempt to re cue Siriu , he would not have picked Ginny, Neville or Luna. 'Well, it doe n't matter, anyway,'  aid Harry through gritted teeth, 'becau e we  till don't know how to get there -' 'I thought we'd  ettled that,'  aid Luna maddeningly. 'We're flying!' 'Look,'  aid Ron, barely containing hi  anger, 'you might be able to fly without a broom tick but the re t of u  can't  prout wing  whenever we -' There are way  of flying other than with broom tick ,'  aid Luna  erenely. 'I' 'po e we're going to ride on the back of the Kacky Snorgle or whatever it i ?' Ron demanded. The Crumple-Horned Snorkack can't fly,'  aid Luna in a dignified voice, 'but they can, and Hagrid  ay  they're very good at finding place  their rider  are looking for.' Harry whirled round. Standing between two tree , their white eye  gleaming eerily, were two The tral , watching the whi pered conver ation a  though they under tood every word, 'Ye !' he whi pered, moving toward  them. They to ed their reptilian head , throwing back long black mane , and Harry  tretched out hi  hand eagerly and patted the neare t one'   hining neck; how could he ever have thought them ugly? 'I  it tho e mad hor e thing ?'  aid Ron uncertainly,  taring at a point  lightly to the left of the The tral Harry wa  patting. Tho e one  you can't  ee unle  you've watched  omeone  nuff it?' 'Yeah,'  aid Harry. 'How many?' 'Ju t two.' 'Well, we need three,'  aid Hermione, who wa   till looking a little  haken, but determined ju t the  ame. Tour, Hermione,'  aid Ginny,  cowling. 'I think there are  ix of u , actually,'  aid Luna calmly, counting. 'Don't be  tupid, we can't all go!'  aid Harry angrily. 'Look, you three -' he pointed at Neville, Ginny and Luna, 'you're not involved in thi , you're not -' They bur t into more prote t . Hi   car gave another, more painful, twinge. Every moment they delayed wa  preciou ; he did not have time to argue. 'OK, fine, it'  your choice,' he  aid curtly, 'but unle  we can find more The tral  you're not going to be able -' 'Oh, more of them will come,'  aid Ginny confidently, who like Ron wa   quinting in quite the wrong direction, apparently under the impre ion that  he wa  looking at the hor e . 'What make  you think that?' 'Becau e, in ca e you hadn't noticed, you and Hermione are both covered in blood,'  he  aid coolly, 'and we know Hagrid lure  The tral  with raw meat. That'  probably why the e two turned up in the fir t place.' Harry felt a  oft tug on hi  robe  at that moment and looked down to  ee the clo e t The tral licking hi   leeve, which wa  damp with Grawp'  blood. 'OK, then,' he  aid, a bright idea occurring, 'Ron and I will take the e two and go ahead, and Hermione can  tay here with you three and  he'll attract more The tral  -' 'I'm not  taying behind!'  aid Hermione furiou ly. There'  no need,'  aid Luna,  miling. 'Look, here come more now… you two mu t really  mell…' Harry turned: no fewer than  ix or  even The tral  were picking their way through the tree , their great leathery wing  folded tight to their bodie , their eye  gleaming through the darkne . He had no excu e now. 'All right,' he  aid angrily, 'pick one and get on, then.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 34 - The Department of My terie  Harry wound hi  hand tightly into the mane of the neare t The tral, placed a foot on a  tump nearby and  crambled clum ily on to the hor e   ilken back. It did not object, but twi ted it  head around, fang  bared, and attempted to continue it  eager licking of hi  robe . He found there wa  a way of lodging hi  knee  behind the wing joint  that made him feel more  ecure, then looked around at the other . Neville had heaved him elf over the back of the next The tral and wa  now attempting to  wing one  hort leg over the creature'  back. Luna wa  already in place,  itting  ide- addle and adju ting her robe  a  though  he did thi  every day. Ron, Hermione and Ginny, however, were  till  tanding motionle  on the  pot, open-mouthed and  taring. 'What?' he  aid. 'How're we  uppo ed to get on?'  aid Ron faintly. 'When we can't  ee the thing ?' 'Oh, it'  ea y,'  aid Luna,  liding obligingly from her The tral and marching over to him, Hermione and Ginny. 'Come here…' She pulled them over to the other The tral   tanding around and one by one managed to help them on to the back of their mount. All three looked extremely nervou  a   he wound their hand  into their hor e  mane and told them to grip tightly before  he got back on to her own  teed. Thi  i  mad,' Ron murmured, moving hi  free hand gingerly up and down hi  hor e'  neck. 'Mad… if I could ju t  ee it -' 'You'd better hope it  tay  invi ible,'  aid Harry darkly. 'We all ready, then?' They all nodded and he  aw five pair  of knee  tighten beneath their robe . 'OK…' He looked down at the back of hi  The tral'  glo y black head and  wallowed. 'Mini try of Magic, vi itor ' entrance, London, then,' he  aid uncertainly. 'Er… if you know… where to go…" For a moment Harry'  The tral did nothing at all; then, with a  weeping movement that nearly un eated him, the wing  on either  ide extended; the hor e crouched  lowly, then rocketed upward   o fa t and  o  teeply that Harry had to clench hi  arm  and leg  tightly around the hor e to avoid  liding backward  over it  bony rump. He clo ed hi  eye  and pre ed hi  face down into the hor e'   ilky mane a  they bur t through the topmo t branche  of the tree  and  oared out into a blood-red  un et. Harry did not think he had ever moved  o fa t: the The tral  treaked over the ca tle, it  wide wing  hardly beating; the cooling air wa   lapping Harry'  face; eye   crewed up again t the ru hing wind, he looked round and  aw hi  five fellow   oaring along behind him, each of them bent a  low a  po ible into the neck of their The tral to protect them elve  from hi   lip tream. They were over the Hogwart  ground , they had pa ed Hog meade; Harry could  ee mountain  and gullie  below them. A  the daylight began to fail, Harry  aw  mall collection  of light  a  they pa ed over more village , then a winding road on which a  ingle car wa  beetling it  way home through the hill … Thi  i  bizarre!' Harry barely heard Ron yell from  omewhere behind him, and he imagined how it mu t feel to be  peeding along at thi  height with no vi ible mean  of  upport. Twilight fell: the  ky wa  turning to a light, du ky purple littered with tiny  ilver  tar , and  oon only the light  of Muggle town  gave them any clue of how far from the ground they were, or how very fa t they were travelling. Harry'  arm  were wrapped tightly around hi  hor e  neck a  he willed it to go even fa ter. How much time had elap ed  ince he had  een Siriu  lying on the Department of My terie  floor? How much longer would Sinu  be able to re i t Voldemort? All Harry knew for  ure wa  that hi  godfather had neither done a  Voldemort wanted, nor died, for he wa  convinced that either outcome would have cau ed him to feel Voldemort'  jubilation or fury cour e through hi  own body, making hi   car  ear a  painfully a  it had on the night Mr Wea ley wa  attacked. On they flew through the gathering darkne ; Harry'  face felt  tiff and cold, hi  leg  numb from gripping the The tral   ide   o tightly, but he did not dare  hift hi  po ition le t he  lip… he wa  deaf from the thundering ru h of air in hi  ear , and hi  mouth wa  dry and frozen from the cold night wind. He had lo t all  en e of how far they had come; all hi  faith wa  in the bea t beneath him,  till  treaking purpo efully through the night, barely flapping it  wing  a  it  ped ever onward . If they were too late… He'   till alive, he'   till fighting, I can feel it… If Voldemort decided Siriu  wa  not going to crack… I'd know… Harry   tomach gave a jolt; the The tral  head wa   uddenly pointing toward  the ground and he actually  lid forward  a few inche  along it  neck. They were de cending at la t… he thought he heard a  hriek behind him and twi ted around dangerou ly, but could  ee no  ign of a falling body .'.. pre umably they had all received a  hock from the change of direction, ju t a  he had. And now bright orange light  were growing larger and rounder on all  ide ; they could  ee the top  of building ,  tream  of headlight  like luminou  in ect eye ,  quare  of pale yellow that were window . Quite  uddenly, it  eemed, they were hurtling toward  the pavement; Harry gripped the The tral with every la t ounce of hi   trength, braced for a  udden impact, but the hor e touched the dark ground a  lightly a  a  hadow and Harry  lid from it  back, looking around at the  treet where the overflowing  kip  till  tood a  hort way from the vandali ed telephone box, both drained of colour in the flat orange glare of the  treetlight . Ron landed a  hort way off and toppled immediately from hi  The tral on to the pavement. 'Never again,' he  aid,  truggling to hi  feet. He made a  though to  tride away from hi  The tral, but, unable to  ee it, collided with it  hindquarter  and almo t fell over again. 'Never, ever again… that wa  the wor t -' Hermione and Ginny touched down on either  ide of him: both  lid off their mount  a little more gracefully than Ron, though with  imilar expre ion  of relief at being back on firm ground; Neville jumped down,  haking; and Luna di mounted  moothly. 'Where do we go from here, then?'  he a ked Harry in a politely intere ted voice, a  though thi  wa  all a rather intere ting day-trip. 'Over here,' he  aid. He gave hi  The tral a quick, grateful pat, then led the way quickly to the battered telephone box and opened the door. 'Come on!' he urged the other , a  they he itated. Ron and Ginny marched in obediently; Hermione, Neville and Luna  qua hed them elve  in after them; Harry took one glance back at the The tral , now foraging for  crap  of rotten food in ide the  kip, then forced him elf into the box after Luna. 'Whoever'  neare t the receiver, dial  ix two four four two!' he  aid. Ron did it, hi  arm bent bizarrely to reach the dial; a  it whirred back into place the cool female voice  ounded in ide the box. 'Welcome to the Mini try of Magic. Plea e  tate your name and bu ine .' 'Harry Potter, Ron Wea ley Hermione Granger,' Harry  aid very quickly, 'Ginny Wea ley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood… we're here to  ave  omeone, unle  your Mini try can do it fir t!' Thank you,'  aid the cool female voice. 'Vi itor , plea e take the badge  and attach them to the front of your robe .' Half a dozen badge   lid out of the metal chute where returned coin  normally appeared. Hermione  cooped them up and handed them mutely to Harry over Ginny'  head; he glanced at the topmo t one, Harry Potter, Re cue Mi ion . 'Vi itor  to the Mini try, you are required to  ubmit to a  earch and pre ent your wand  for regi tration at the  ecurity de k, which i  located at the far end of the Atrium.' 'Fine!' Harry  aid loudly, a  hi   car gave another throb. 'Now can we move?' The floor of the telephone box  huddered and the pavement ro e up pa t it  gla  window ; the  cavenging The tral  were  liding out of  ight; blackne  clo ed over their head  and with a dull grinding noi e they  ank down into the depth  of the Mini try of Magic. A chink of  oft golden light hit their feet and, widening, ro e up their bodie . Harry bent hi  knee  and held hi  wand a  ready a  he could in  uch cramped condition  a  he peered through the gla  to  ee whether anybody wa  waiting for them in the Atrium, but it  eemed to be completely empty. The light wa  dimmer than it had been by day; there were no fire  burning under the mantelpiece   et into the wall , but a  the lift  lid  moothly to a halt he  aw that golden  ymbol  continued to twi t  inuou ly in the dark blue ceiling. The Mini try of Magic wi he  you a plea ant evening,'  aid the woman'  voice. The door of the telephone box bur t open; Harry toppled out of it, clo ely followed by Neville and Luna. The only  ound in the Atrium wa  the  teady ru h of water from the golden fountain, where jet  from the wand  of the witch and wizard, the point of the centaur'  arrow, the tip of the goblin'  hat and the hou e-elf'  ear  continued to gu h into the  urrounding pool. 'Come on,'  aid Harry quietly and the  ix of them  printed off down the hall, Harry in the lead, pa t the fountain toward  the de k where the watchwizard who had weighed Harry'  wand had  at, and which wa  now de erted. Harry felt  ure there ought to be a  ecurity per on there,  ure their ab ence wa  an ominou   ign, and hi  feeling of foreboding increa ed a  they pa ed through the golden gate  to the lift . He pre ed the neare t 'down' button and a lift clattered into  ight almo t immediately, the golden grille   lid apart with a great, echoing clanking and they da hed in ide. Harry  tabbed the number nine button; the grille  clo ed with a bang and the lift began to de cend, jangling and rattling. Harry had not reali ed how noi y the lift  were on the day he had come with Mr Wea ley; he wa   ure the din would rai e every  ecurity per on within the building, yet when the lift halted, the cool female voice  aid, 'Department of My terie ,' and the grille   lid open. They  tepped out into the corridor where nothing wa  moving but the neare t torche , flickering in the ru h of air from the lift. Harry turned toward  the plain black door. After month  and month  of dreaming about it, he wa  here at la t. 'Let'  go,' he whi pered, and he led the way down the corridor, Luna right behind him, gazing around with her mouth  lightly open. 'OK, li ten,'  aid Harry  topping again within  ix feet of the door. 'Maybe… maybe a couple of people  hould  tay here a  a — a  a lookout, and -' 'And how're we going to let you know  omething'  coming?' a ked Ginny, her eyebrow  rai ed. 'You could be mile  away.' 'We're coming with you, Harry,'  aid Neville. 'Let'  get on with it,'  aid Ron firmly. Harry  till did not want to take them all with him, but it  eemed he had no choice. He turned to face the door and walked forward … ju t a  it had in hi  dream, it  wung open and he marched over the thre hold, the other  at hi  heel . They were  tanding in a large, circular room. Everything in here wa  black including the floor and ceiling; identical, unmarked, handlele  black door  were  et at interval  all around the black wall , inter per ed with branche  of candle  who e flame  burned blue; their cool,  himmering light reflected in the  hining marble floor made it look a  though there wa  dark water underfoot. 'Someone  hut the door,' Harry muttered. He regretted giving thi  order the moment Neville had obeyed it. Without the long chink of light from the torchlit corridor behind them, the place became  o dark that for a moment the only thing  they could  ee were the bunche  of  hivering blue flame  on the wall  and their gho tly reflection  in the floor. In hi  dream, Harry had alway  walked purpo efully acro  thi  room to the door immediately oppo ite the entrance and walked on. But there were around a dozen door  here. Ju t a  he wa  gazing ahead at the door  oppo ite him, trying to decide which wa  the right one, there wa  a great rumbling noi e and the candle  began to move  ideway . The circular wall wa  rotating. Hermione grabbed Harry'  arm a  though frightened the floor might move, too, but it did not. For a few  econd , the blue flame  around them were blurred to re emble neon line  a  the wall  ped around; then, quite a   uddenly a  it had  tarted, the rumbling  topped and everything became  tationary once again. Harry'  eye  had blue  treak  burned into them; it wa  all he could  ee. 'What wa  that about?' whi pered Ron fearfully. 'I think it wa  to  top u  knowing which door we came in through,'  aid Ginny in a hu hed voice. Harry reali ed at once  he wa  right: he could no  ooner identify the exit door than locate an ant on the jet-black floor; and the door through which they needed to proceed could be any one of the dozen  urrounding them. 'How're we going to get back out?'  aid Neville uncomfortably. 'Well, that doe n't matter now,'  aid Harry forcefully, blinking to try to era e the blue line  from hi  vi ion, and clutching hi  wand tighter than ever, 'we won't need to get out till we've found Sinu  -' 'Don't go calling for him, though!' Hermione  aid urgently; but Harry had never needed her advice le , hi  in tinct wa  to keep a  quiet a  po ible. 'Where do we go, then, Harry?' Ron a ked. 'I don't -' Harry began. He  wallowed. 'In the dream  I went through the door at the end of the corridor from the lift  into a dark room - that'  thi  one - and then I went through another door into a room that kind of… glitter . We  hould try a few door ,' he  aid ha tily, 'I'll know the right way when I  ee it. C'mon.' He marched  traight at the door now facing him, the other  following clo e behind him,  et hi  left hand again t it  cool,  hining  urface, rai ed hi  wand ready to  trike the moment it opened, and pu hed. It  wung open ea ily. After the darkne  of the fir t room, the lamp  hanging low on golden chain  from thi  ceiling gave the impre ion that thi  long rectangular room wa  much brighter, though there were no glittering,  himmering light  a  Harry had  een in hi  dream . The place wa  quite empty except for a few de k  and, in the very middle of the room, an enormou  gla  tank of deep green liquid, big enough for all of them to  wim in; a number of pearly-white object  were drifting around lazily in it. 'What're tho e thing ?' whi pered Ron. 'Dunno,'  aid Harry. 'Are they fi h?' breathed Ginny. 'Aquaviriu  Maggot !'  aid Luna excitedly. 'Dad  aid the Mini try were breeding —' 'No,'  aid Hermione. She  ounded odd. She moved forward to look through the  ide of the tank. They're brain .' 'Brain ?' 'Ye … I wonder what they're doing with them?' Harry joined her at the tank. Sure enough, there could be no mi take now he  aw them at clo e quarter . Glimmering eerily, they drifted in and out of  ight in the depth  of the green liquid, looking  omething like  limy cauliflower . 'Let'  get out of here,'  aid Harry. Thi  i n't right, we need to try another door.' There are door  here, too,'  aid Ron, pointing around the wall . Harry'  heart  ank; how big wa  thi  place? 'In my dream I went through that dark room into the  econd one,' he  aid. 'I think we  hould go back and try from there.' So they hurried back into the dark, circular room; the gho tly  hape  of the brain  were now  wimming before Harry'  eye  in tead of the blue candle flame . 'Wait!'  aid Hermione  harply, a  Luna made to clo e the door of the brain room behind them. 'Flagrate!' She drew with her wand in midair and a fiery 'X' appeared on the door. No  ooner had the door clicked  hut behind them than there wa  a great rumbling, and once again the wall began to revolve very fa t, but now there wa  a great red-gold blur in among t the faint blue and, when all became  till again, the fiery cro   till burned,  howing the door they had already tried. 'Good thinking,'  aid Harry. 'OK, let'  try thi  one -' Again, he  trode directly at the door facing him and pu hed it open, hi  wand  till rai ed, the other  at hi  heel . Thi  room wa  larger than the la t, dimly lit and rectangular, and the centre of it wa   unken, forming a great  tone pit  ome twenty feet deep. They were  tanding on the topmo t tier of what  eemed to be  tone benche  running all around the room and de cending in  teep  tep  like an amphitheatre, or the courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the Wizengamot. In tead of a chained chair, however, there wa  a rai ed  tone dai  in the centre of the pit, on which  tood a  tone archway that looked  o ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry wa  amazed the thing wa   till  tanding. Un upported by any  urrounding wall, the archway wa  hung with a tattered black curtain or veil which, de pite the complete  tillne  of the cold  urrounding air, wa  fluttering very  lightly a  though it had ju t been touched. 'Who'  there?'  aid Harry, jumping down on to the bench below. There wa  no an wering voice, but the veil continued to flutter and  way. 'Careful!' whi pered Hermione. Harry  crambled down the benche  one by one until he reached the  tone bottom of the  unken pit. Hi  foot tep  echoed loudly a  he walked  lowly toward  the dai . The pointed archway looked much taller from where he now  tood than it had when he'd been looking down on it from above. Still the veil  wayed gently, a  though  omebody had ju t pa ed through it. 'Siriu ?' Harry  poke again, but more quietly now that he wa  nearer. He had the  trange t feeling that there wa   omeone  tanding right behind the veil on the other  ide of the archway. Gripping hi  wand very tightly, he edged around the dai , but there wa  nobody there; all that could be  een wa  the other  ide of the tattered black veil. 'Let'  go,' called Hermione from halfway up the  tone  tep . Thi  i n't right, Harry, come on, let'  go.' She  ounded  cared, much more  cared than  he had in the room where the brain   wam, yet Harry thought the archway had a kind of beauty about it, old though it wa . The gently rippling veil intrigued him; he felt a very  trong inclination to climb up on the dai  and walk through it. 'Harry, let'  go, OK?'  aid Hermione more forcefully. 'OK,' he  aid, but did not move. He had ju t heard  omething. There were faint whi pering, murmuring noi e  coming from the other  ide of the veil. 'What are you  aying?' he  aid, very loudly,  o that hi  word  echoed all around the  tone benche . 'Nobody'  talking, Harry!'  aid Hermione, now moving over to him. 'Someone'  whi pering behind there,' he  aid, moving out of her reach and continuing to frown at the veil. 'I  that you, Ron?' 'I'm here, mate,'  aid Ron, appearing around the  ide of the archway. 'Can't anyone el e hear it?' Harry demanded, for the whi pering and murmuring wa  becoming louder; without really meaning to put it there, he found hi  foot wa  on the dai . 'I can hear them too,' breathed Luna, joining them around the  ide of the archway and gazing at the  waying veil. There are people in there!' 'What do you mean, “in there”?' demanded Hermione, jumping down from the bottom  tep and  ounding much angrier than the occa ion warranted, 'there i n't any “in there”, it'  ju t an archway, there'  no room for anybody to be there. Harry,  top it, come away -' She grabbed hi  arm and pulled, but he re i ted. 'Harry, we are  uppo ed to be here for Siriu !'  he  aid in a high-pitched,  trained voice. 'Siriu ,' Harry repeated,  till gazing, me meri ed, at the continuou ly  waying veil. 'Yeah…' Something finally  lid back into place in hi  brain; Siriu , captured, bound and tortured, and he wa   taring at thi  archway… He took  everal pace  back from the dai  and wrenched hi  eye  from the veil. 'Let'  go,' he  aid. That'  what I've been trying to - well, come on, then!'  aid Hermione, and  he led the way back around the dai . On the other  ide, Ginny and Neville were  taring, apparently entranced, at the veil too. Without  peaking, Hermione took hold of Ginny'  arm, J^^^jj l^^w Ron grabbed Neville' , and they marched them firmly back to the lowe t  tone bench and clambered all the way back up to the door. 'What d'you reckon that arch wa ?' Harry a ked Hermione a  they regained the dark circular room. 'I don't know, but whatever it wa , it wa  dangerou ,'  he  aid firmly, again in cribing a fiery cro  on the door. Once more, the wall  pan and became  till again. Harry approached another door at random and pu hed. It did not move. 'What'  wrong?'  aid Hermione. 'It' … locked…'  aid Harry, throwing hi  weight at the door, but it didn't budge. Thi  i  it, then, i n't it?'  aid Ron excitedly, joining Harry in the attempt to force the door open. 'Bound to be!' 'Get out of the way!'  aid Hermione  harply. She pointed her wand at the place where a lock would have been on an ordinary door and  aid, 'Alohomora!' Nothing happened. 'Siriu '  knife!'  aid Harry. He pulled it out from in ide hi  robe  and  lid it into the crack between the door and the wall. The other  all watched eagerly a  he ran it from top to bottom, withdrew it and then flung hi   houlder again at the door. It remained a  firmly  hut a  ever. What wa  more, when Harry looked down at the knife, he  aw the blade had melted. 'Right, we're leaving that room,'  aid Hermione deci ively. 'But what if that'  the one?'  aid Ron,  taring at it with a mixture of apprehen ion and longing. 'It can't be, Harry could get through all the door  in hi  dream,'  aid Hermione, marking the door with another fiery cro  a  Harry replaced the now-u ele  handle of Siriu '  knife in hi  pocket. 'You know what could be in there?'  aid Luna eagerly, a  the wall  tarted to  pin yet again. 'Something blibbering, no doubt,'  aid Hermione under her breath and Neville gave a nervou  little laugh. The wall  lid to a halt and Harry, with a feeling of increa ing de peration, pu hed the next door open. Thi  i  it!' He knew it at once by the beautiful, dancing, diamond- parkling light. A  Harry  eye  became accu tomed to the brilliant glare, he  aw clock  gleaming from every  urface, large and  mall, grandfather and carriage, hanging in  pace  between the bookca e  or  tanding on de k  ranging the length of the room,  o that a bu y, relentle  ticking filled the place like thou and  of minu cule, marching foot tep . The  ource of the dancing, diamond-bright light wa  a towering cry tal bell jar that  tood at the far end of the room. Thi  way!' Harry'  heart wa  pumping frantically now that he knew they were on the right track; he led the way down the narrow  pace between the line  of de k , heading, a  he had done in hi  dream, for the  ource of the light, the cry tal bell jar quite a  tall a  he wa  that  tood on a de k and appeared to be full of a billowing, glittering wind. 'Oh, lookl'  aid Ginny, a  they drew nearer, pointing at the very heart of the bell jar. Drifting along in the  parkling current in ide wa  a tiny, jewel-bright egg. A  it ro e in the jar, it cracked open and a hummingbird emerged, which wa  carried to the very top of the jar, but a  it fell on the draught it  feather  became bedraggled and damp again, and by the time it had been borne back to the bottom of the jar it had been enclo ed once more in it  egg. 'Keep going!'  aid Harry  harply, becau e Ginny  howed  ign  of wanting to  top and watch the egg'  progre  back into a bird. 'You dawdled enough by that old arch!'  he  aid cro ly, but followed him pa t the bell jar to the only door behind it. Thi  i  it,' Harry  aid again, and hi  heart wa  now pumping  o hard and fa t he felt it mu t interfere with hi   peech, 'it'  through here -' He glanced around at them all; they had their wand  out and looked  uddenly  eriou  and anxiou . He looked back at the door and pu hed. It  wung open. They were there, they had found the place: high a  a church and full of nothing but towering  helve  covered in  mall, du ty, gla  orb . They glimmered dully in the light i uing from more candle-bracket   et at interval  along the  helve . Like tho e in the circular room behind them, their flame  were burning blue. The room wa  very cold. Harry edged forward and peered down one of the  hadowy ai le  between two row  of  helve . He could not hear anything or  ee the  lighte t  ign of movement. 'You  aid it wa  row ninety- even,' whi pered Hermione. 'Yeah,' breathed Harry, looking up at the end of the clo e t row. Beneath the branch of blue-glowing candle  protruding from it glimmered the  ilver figure fifty-three. 'We need to go right, I think,' whi pered Hermione,  quinting to the next row. 'Ye … that'  fifty-four…' 'Keep your wand  ready,' Harry  aid  oftly. They crept forward, glancing behind them a  they went on down the long alley  of  helve , the further end  of which were in near-total darkne . Tiny, yellowing label  had been  tuck beneath each gla  orb on the  helve . Some of them had a weird, liquid glow; other  were a  dull and dark within a  blown light bulb . They pa ed row eighty-four… eighty-five… Harry wa  li tening hard for the  lighte t  ound of movement, but Siriu  might be gagged now, or el e uncon ciou … or,  aid an unbidden voice in ide hi  head, he might already be dead… I'd have felt it, he told him elf, hi  heart now hammering again t hi  Adam'  apple, I'd already know… 'Ninety- even!' whi pered Hermione. They  tood grouped around the end of the row, gazing down the alley be ide it. There wa  nobody there. 'He'  right down at the end,'  aid Harry, who e mouth had become  lightly dry. 'You can't  ee properly from here.' And he led them between the towering row  of gla  ball ,  ome of which glowed  oftly a  they pa ed… 'He  hould be near here,' whi pered Harry, convinced that every  tep wa  going to bring the ragged form of Siriu  into view on the darkened floor. 'Anywhere here… really clo e…' 'Harry?'  aid Hermione tentatively, but he did not want to re pond. Hi  mouth wa  very dry. 'Somewhere about… here…' he  aid. They had reached the end of the row and emerged into more dim candlelight. There wa  nobody there. All wa  echoing, du ty  ilence. 'He might be…' Harry whi pered hoar ely, peering down the next alley. 'Or maybe…' He hurried to look down the one beyond that. 'Harry?'  aid Hermione again. 'What?' he  narled. 'I… I don't think Siriu  i  here.' Nobody  poke. Harry did not want to look at any of them. He felt  ick. He did not under tand why Siriu  wa  not here. He had to be here. Thi  wa  where he, Harry, had  een him… He ran up the  pace at the end of the row ,  taring down them. Empty ai le after empty ai le flickered pa t. He ran the other way, back pa t hi   taring companion . There wa  no  ign of Siriu  anywhere, nor any hint of a  truggle. 'Harry?' Ron called. 'What?' He did not want to hear what Ron had to  ay; did not want to hear Ron tell him he had been  tupid or  ugge t that they ought to go back to Hogwart , but the heat wa  ri ing in hi  face and he felt a  though he would like to  kulk down here in the darkne  for a long while before facing the brightne  of the Atrium above and the other ' accu ing  tare … 'Have you  een thi ?'  aid Ron, 'What?'  aid Harry, but eagerly thi  time - it had to be a  ign that Siriu  had been there, a clue. He  trode back to where they were all  tanding, a little way down row ninety- even, but found nothing except Ron  taring at one of the du ty gla   phere  on the  helf. What?' Harry repeated glumly. 'It'  — it'  got your name on,'  aid Ron. Harry moved a little clo er. Ron wa  pointing at one of the  mall gla   phere  that glowed with a dull inner light, though it wa  very du ty and appeared not to have been touched for many year . 'My name?'  aid Harry blankly. He  tepped forward . Not a  tall a  Ron, he had to crane hi  neck to read the yellowi h label affixed to the  helf right beneath j^^^ ^^^H the du ty gla  ball. In  pidery writing wa  written a date of  ome  ixteen year  previou ly, and below that: S.P.T. to A.P.W.B.D. Dark Lord and (?)Harry Potter Harry  tared at it. 'What i  it?' Ron a ked,  ounding unnerved. 'What'  your name doing down here?' He glanced along at the other label  on that  tretch of  helf. 'I'm not here,' he  aid,  ounding perplexed. 'None of the re t of u  are here.' 'Harry, I don't think you  hould touch it,'  aid Hermione  harply, a  he  tretched out hi  hand. 'Why not?' he  aid. 'It'   omething to do with me, i n't it?' 'Don't, Harry,'  aid Neville  uddenly. Harry looked at him. Neville'  round face wa   hining  lightly with  weat. He looked a  though he could not take much more  u pen e. 'It'  got my name on,'  aid Harry. And feeling  lightly reckle , he clo ed hi  finger  around the du ty ball'   urface. He had expected it to feel cold, but it did not. On the contrary, it felt a  though it had been lying in the  un for hour , a  though the glow of light within wa  warming it. Expecting, even hoping, that  omething dramatic wa  going to happen,  omething exciting that might make their long and dangerou  journey worthwhile after all, Harry lifted the gla  ball down from it   helf and  tared at it. Nothing what oever happened. The other  moved in clo er around Harry, gazing at the orb a  he bru hed it free of the clogging du t. And then, from right behind them, a drawling voice  poke. 'Very good, Potter. Now turn around, nice and  lowly, and give that to me.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 35 - Beyond the Veil Black  hape  were emerging out of thin air all around them, blocking their way left and right; eye  glinted through  lit  in hood , a dozen lit wand tip  were pointing directly at their heart ; Ginny gave a ga p of horror. To me, Potter,' repeated the drawling voice of Luciu  Malfoy a  he held out hi  hand, palm up. Harry  in ide  plummeted  ickeningly. They were trapped, and outnumbered two to one. To me,'  aid Malfoy yet again. 'Where'  Siriu ?' Harry  aid. Several of the Death Eater  laughed; a har h female voice from the mid t of the  hadowy figure  to Harry'  left  aid triumphantly, The Dark Lord alway  know !' 'Alway ,' echoed Malfoy  oftly. 'Now, give me the prophecy Potter.' 'I want to know where Siriu  i !' 'I want to know where Siriu  i !' mimicked the woman to hi  left. She and her fellow Death Eater  had clo ed in  o that they were mere feet away from Harry and the other , the light from their wand  dazzling Harry'  eye . 'You've got him,'  aid Harry, ignoring the ri ing panic in hi  che t, the dread he had been fighting  ince they had fir t entered the ninety- eventh row. 'He'  here. I know he i .' The little baby woke up jwightened and fort what it dweamed wa  twoo,'  aid the woman in a horrible, mock baby voice. Harry felt Ron  tir be ide him. 'Don't do anything,' Harry muttered. 'Not yet -' The woman who had mimicked him let out a raucou   cream of laughter. 'You hear him? You hear him? Giving in truction  to the other children a  though he think  of fighting u !' 'Oh, you don't know Potter a  I do, Bellatrix,'  aid Malfoy  oftly. 'He ha  a great weakne  for heroic ; the Dark Lord under tand  thi  about him. Now give me the prophecy, Potter.' 'I know Siriu  i  here,'  aid Harry, though panic wa  cau ing hi  che t to con trict and he felt a  though he could not breathe properly. 'I know you've got him!' More of the Death Eater  laughed, though the woman laughed loude t of all. 'It'  time you learned the difference between life and dream , Potter,'  aid Malfoy. 'Now give me the prophecy, or we  tart u ing wand .' 'Go on, then,'  aid Harry, rai ing hi  own wand to che t height. A  he did  o, the five wand  of Ron, Hermione, Neville, Ginny and Luna ro e on either  ide of him. The knot in Harry'   tomach tightened. If Siriu  really wa  not here, he had led hi  friend  to their death  for no rea on at all… But the Death Eater  did not  trike. 'Hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt,'  aid Malfoy coolly. It wa  Harry'  turn to laugh. 'Yeah, right!' he  aid. '1 give you thi  - prophecy, i  it? And you'll ju t let u   kip off home, will you?' The word  were hardly out of hi  mouth when the female Death Eater  hrieked: 'Accto proph—' Harry wa  ju t ready for her: he  houted 'Protego!' before  he had fini hed her  pell, and though the gla   phere  lipped to the tip  of hi  finger  he managed to cling on to it. 'Oh, he know  how to play, little bitty baby Potter,'  he  aid, her mad eye   taring through the  lit  in her hood. 'Very well, then -' 'I TOLD YOU, NO!' Luciu  Malfoy roared at the woman. 'If you  ma h it -!' Harry'  mind wa  racing. The Death Eater  wanted thi  du ty  pun-gla   phere. He had no intere t in it. He ju t wanted to get them all out of thi  alive, to make  ure none of hi  friend  paid a terrible price for hi   tupidity… The woman  tepped forward, away from her fellow , and pulled off her hood. Azkaban had hollowed Bellatrix Le trange'  face, making it gaunt and  kull-like, but it wa  alive with a feveri h, fanatical glow. 'You need more per ua ion?'  he  aid, her che t ri ing and falling rapidly. 'Very well - take the  malle t one,'  he ordered the Death Eater  be ide her. 'Let him watch while we torture the little girl. I'll do it.' Harry felt the other  clo e in around Ginny; he  tepped  ideway   o that he wa  right in front of her, the prophecy held up to hi  che t. 'You'll have to  ma h thi  if you want to attack any of u ,' he told Bellatrix. 'I don't think your bo  will be too plea ed if you come back without it, will he?' She did not move;  he merely  tared at him, the tip of her tongue moi tening her thin mouth. 'So,'  aid Harry, 'what kind of prophecy are we talking about, anyway?' He could not think what to do but to keep talking. Neville'  arm wa  pre ed again t hi , and he could feel him  haking; he could feel one of the other ' quickened breath on the back of hi  head. He wa  hoping they were all thinking hard about way  to get out of thi , becau e hi  mind wa  blank. 'What kind of prophecy?' repeated Bellatrix, the grin fading from her face. 'You je t, Harry Potter.' 'Nope, not je ting,'  aid Harry, hi  eye  flicking from Death Eater to Death Eater,.looking for a weak link, a  pace through which they could e cape. 'How come Voldemort want  it?' Several of the Death Eater  let out low hi e . 'You dare  peak hi  name?' whi pered Bellatrix. 'Yeah,'  aid Harry, maintaining hi  tight grip on the gla  ball, expecting another attempt to bewitch it from him. 'Yeah, I've got no problem with  aying Vol—' 'Shut your mouth!' Bellatrix  hrieked. 'You dare  peak hi  name with your unworthy lip , you dare be mirch it with your half-blood'  tongue, you dare -' 'Did you know he'  a half-blood too?'  aid Harry reckle ly. Hermione gave a little moan in hi  ear. 'Voldemort? Yeah, hi  mother wa  a witch but hi  dad wa  a Muggle - or ha  he been telling you lot he'  pure-blood?' 'STl/PEF—' 'NO/' A jet of red light had  hot from the end of Bellatrix Le trange'  wand, but Malfoy had deflected it; hi   pell cau ed her  to hit the  helf a foot to the left of Harry and  everal of the gla  orb  there  hattered. Two figure , pearly-white a  gho t , fluid a   moke, unfurled them elve  from the fragment  of broken gla  upon the floor and each began to  peak; their voice  vied with each other,  o that only fragment  of what they were  aying could be heard over Malfoy and Bellatrix'   hout . '… at the  ol tice will come a new …'  aid the figure of an old, bearded man. 'DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY!' 'He dared - he dare  -'  hrieked Bellatrix incoherently, 'he  tand  there - filthy half-blood -' 'WAIT UNTIL WE'VE GOT THE PROPHECY!' bawled Malfoy. '… and none will come after…'  aid the figure of a young woman. The two figure  that had bur t from the  hattered  phere  had melted into thin air. Nothing remained of them or their er twhile home  but fragment  of gla  upon the floor. They had, however, given Harry an idea. The problem wa  going to be conveying it to the other . 'You haven't told me what'   o  pecial about thi  prophecy I'm  uppo ed to be handing over,' he  aid, playing for time. He moved hi  foot  lowly  ideway , feeling around for  omeone el e' . 'Do not play game  with u , Potter,'  aid Malfoy. 'I'm not playing game ,'  aid Harry, half hi  mind on the conver ation, half on hi  wandering foot. And then he found  omeone'  toe  and pre ed down upon them. A  harp intake of breath behind him told him they were Hermione . 'What?'  he whi pered. 'Dumbledore never told you the rea on you bear that  car wa  hidden in the bowel  of the Department of My terie ?' Malfoy  neered. 'I - what?'  aid Harry. And for a moment he quite forgot hi  plan. 'What about my  car?' 'What?' whi pered Hermione more urgently behind him. 'Can thi  be?'  aid Malfoy,  ounding maliciou ly delighted;  ome of the Death Eater  were laughing again, and under cover of their laughter, Harry hi ed to Hermione, moving hi  lip  a  little a  po ible, 'Sma h  helve  -' 'Dumbledore never told you?' Malfoy repeated. 'Well, thi  explain  why you didn't come earlier, Potter, the Dark Lord wondered why -' '- when I  ay now -' '- you didn't come running when he  howed you the place where it wa  hidden in your dream . He thought natural curio ity would make you want to hear the exact wording…' 'Did he?'  aid Harry. Behind him he felt rather than heard Hermione pa ing hi  me age to the other  and he  ought to keep talking, to di tract the Death Eater . 'So he wanted me to come and get it, did he? Why?' 'Why?' Malfoy  ounded incredulou ly delighted. 'Becau e the only people who are permitted to retrieve a prophecy from the Department of My terie , Potter, are tho e about whom it wa  made, a  the Dark Lord di covered when he attempted to u e other  to  teal it for him.' 'And why did he want to  teal a prophecy about me?' 'About both of you, Potter, about both of you… haven't you ever wondered why the Dark Lord tried to kill you a  a baby?' Harry  tared into the  litted eye-hole  through which Malfoy'  grey eye  were gleaming. Wa  thi  prophecy the rea on Harry'  parent  had died, the rea on he carried hi  lightning-bolt  car? Wa  the an wer to all of thi  clutched in hi  hand? 'Someone made a prophecy about Voldemort and me?' he  aid quietly, gazing at Luciu  Malfoy, hi  finger  tightening over the warm gla   phere in hi  hand. It wa  hardly larger than a Snitch and  till gritty with du t. 'And he'  made me come and get it for him? Why couldn't he come and get it him elf?' 'Get it him elf?'  hrieked Bellatrix, over a cackle of mad laughter. The Dark Lord, walk into the Mini try of Magic, when they are  o  weetly ignoring hi  return? The Dark Lord, reveal him elf to the Auror , when at the moment they are wa ting their time on my dear cou in?' 'So, he'  got you doing hi  dirty work for him, ha  he?'  aid Harry. 'Like he tried to get Sturgi  to  teal it - and Bode?' 'Very good, Potter, very good…'  aid Malfoy  lowly. 'But the Dark Lord know  you are not unintell—' 'NOW!' yelled Harry. Five different voice  behind him bellowed, 'REDUCTO!' Five cur e  flew in five different direction  and the  helve  oppo ite them exploded a  they hit; the towering  tructure  wayed a  a hundred gla   phere  bur t apart, pearly-white figure  unfurled into the air and floated there, their voice  echoing from who knew what long-dead pa t amid the torrent of cra hing gla  and  plintered wood now raining down upon the floor - 'RUN!' Harry yelled, a  the  helve   wayed precariou ly and more gla   phere  began to fall from above. He  eized a handful of Hermione'  robe  and dragged her forward , holding one arm over hi  head a  chunk  of  helf and  hard  of gla  thundered down upon them. A Death Eater lunged forward  through the cloud of du t and Harry elbowed him hard in the ma ked face; they were all yelling, there were crie  of pain, and thunderou  cra he  a  the.  helve  collap ed upon them elve , weirdly echoing fragment  of the Seer  unlea hed from their  phere  - Harry found the way ahead clear and  aw Ron, Ginny and Luna  print pa t him, their arm  over their head ;  omething . heavy  truck him on the  ide of the face but he merely ducked hi  head and  printed onward ; a hand caught him by the  houlder; he heard Hermione  hout, 'Stupefy!' The hand relea ed him at once - They were at the end of row ninety- even; Harry turned right and began to  print in earne t; he could hear foot tep  right behind him and Hermione'  voice urging Neville on;  traight ahead, the door through which they had come wa  ajar; Harry could  ee the glittering light of the bell jar; he pelted through the doorway, the prophecy  till clutched tight and  afe in hi  hand, and waited for the other  to hurtle over the thre hold before  lamming the door behind them - 'Colloportu !' ga ped Hermione and the door  ealed it elf with an odd  quelching noi e. 'Where - where are the other ?' ga ped Harry. He had thought Ron, Luna and Ginny were ahead of them, that they would be waiting in thi  room, but there wa  nobody there. They mu t have gone the wrong way!' whi pered Hermione, terror in her face. 'Li ten!' whi pered Neville. Foot tep  and  hout  echoed from behind the door they had ju t  ealed; Harry put hi  ear clo e to the door to li ten and heard Luciu  Malfoy roar, 'Leave Nott, leave him, I  ay — hi  injurie  will be nothing to the Dark Lord compared to lo ing that prophecy. Jug on, come back here, we need to organi e! We'll  plit into pair  and  earch, and don't forget, be gentle with Potter until we've got the prophecy, you can kill the other  if nece ary -Bellatrix, Rodolphu , you take the left; Crabbe, Raba tan, go right -Jug on, Dolohov, the door  traight ahead - Macnair and Avery, through here - Rookwood, over there - Mulciber, come with me!' 'What do we do?' Hermione a ked Harry, trembling from head to foot. 'Well, we don't  tand here waiting for them to find u , for a 't't  tart,'  aid Harry. 'Let'  get away from thi  door.' | They ran a  quietly a  they could, pa t the  himmering bell jar j where the tiny egg wa  hatching and unhatching, toward  the exit I into the circular hallway at the far end of the room. They were I almo t there when Harry heard  omething large and heavy collide with the door Hermione had charmed  hut. 'Stand a ide!'  aid a rough voice. 'Alahomora!' A  the door flew open, Harry, Hermione and Neville dived under de k . They could  ee the bottom of the two Death Eater ' robe  drawing nearer, their feet moving rapidly. They might've run  traight through to the hall,'  aid the rough voice. 'Check under the de k ,'  aid another. Harry  aw the knee  of the Death Eater  bend; poking hi  wand out from under the de k, he  houted, 'STUPEFY!' A jet of red light hit the neare t Death Eater; he fell backward  into a grandfather clock and knocked it over; the  econd Death Eater, however, had leapt a ide to avoid Harry'   pell and wa  pointing hi  own wand at Hermione, who wa  crawling out from under the de k to get a better aim. 'Avada - Harry launched him elf acro  the floor and grabbed the Death Eater around the knee , cau ing him to topple and hi  aim to go awry. Neville overturned a de k in hi  anxiety to help; and pointing hi  wand wildly at the  truggling pair, he cried: 'EXPELLIARMUS!' Both Harry'  and the Death Eater'  wand  flew out of their hand  and  oared back toward  the entrance to the Hall of Prophecy; both  crambled to their feet and charged after them, the Death Eater in front, Harry hot on hi  heel , and Neville bringing up the rear, plainly horror truck by what he had done. 'Get out of the way, Harry!' yelled Neville, clearly determined to repair the damage. Harry flung him elf  ideway  a  Neville took aim again and  houted: 'STUPEFY!' The jet of red light flew right over the Death Eater'   houlder and hit a gla -fronted cabinet on the wall full of variou ly  haped hour-gla e ; the cabinet fell to the floor and bur t apart, gla  flying everywhere,  prang back up on to the wall, fully mended, then fell down again, and  hattered - The Death Eater had  natched up hi  wand, which lay on the floor be ide the glittering bell jar. Harry ducked down behind another de k a  the man turned; hi  ma k had  lipped  o that he couldn't  ee. He ripped it off with hi  free hand and  houted: 'STUP—' 'STUPEFY!'  creamed Hermione, who had ju t caught up with them. The jet of red light hit the Death Eater in the middle of hi  che t: he froze, hi  arm  till rai ed, hi  wand fell to the floor with a clatter and he collap ed backward  toward  the bell jar. Harry expected to hear a dunk, for the man to hit  olid gla  and  lide off the jar on to the floor, but in tead, hi  head  ank through the  urface of the bell jar a  though it were nothing but a  oap bubble and he came to re t,  prawled on hi  back on the table, with hi  head lying in ide the jar full of glittering wind. 'Accio wand!' cried Hermione. Harry'  wand flew from a dark corner into her hand and  he threw it to him. Thank ,' he  aid. 'Right, let'  get out of —' 'Look out!'  aid Neville, horrified. He wa   taring at the Death Eater'  head in the bell jar. All three of them rai ed their wand  again, but none of them  truck: they were all gazing, open-mouthed, appalled, at what wa  happening to the man'  head. It wa   hrinking very fa t, growing balder and balder, the black hair and  tubble retracting into hi   kull; hi  cheek  becoming  mooth, hi   kull round and covered with a peachlike fuzz… A baby'  head now  at grote quely on top of the thick, mu cled neck of the Death Eater a  he  truggled to get up again; but even a  they watched, their mouth  open, the head began to  well to it  previou  proportion  again; thick black hair wa   prouting from the pate and chin… 'It'  Time,'  aid Hermione in an awe truck voice. Time…" The Death Eater  hook hi  ugly head again, trying to clear it, but before he could pull him elf together it began to  hrink back to babyhood once more… There wa  a  hout from a room nearby, then a cra h and a  cream. 'RON?' Harry yelled, turning quickly from the mon trou  tran formation taking place before them. 'GINNY? LUNA?' 'Harry!' Hermione  creamed. The Death Eater had pulled hi  head out of the bell jar. Hi  appearance wa  utterly bizarre, hi  tiny baby'  head bawling loudly while hi  thick arm  flailed dangerou ly in all direction , narrowly mi ing Harry, who had ducked. Harry rai ed hi  wand but to hi  amazement Hermione  eized hi  arm. 'You can't hurt a baby!' There wa  no time to argue the point; Harry could hear more I foot tep  growing louder from the Hall of Prophecy and knew, too late, that he ought not to have  houted and given away their po ition. 'Come on!' he  aid, and leaving the ugly baby-headed Death Eater  taggering behind them they took off for the door that  tood open at the other end of the room, leading back into the black hallway. They had run halfway toward  it when Harry  aw through the open door two more Death Eater  running acro  the black room toward  them; veering left, he bur t in tead into a  mall, dark, cluttered office and  lammed the door behind them. 'Collo—' began Hermione, but before  he could complete the  pell the door had bur t open and the two Death Eater  had come hurtling in ide. With a cry of triumph, both yelled: 'IMPEDIMENTA!' Harry, Hermione and Neville were all knocked backward  off their feet; Neville wa  thrown over the de k and di appeared from view; Hermione  ma hed into a bookca e and wa  promptly deluged in a ca cade of heavy book ; the back of Harry'  head  lammed into the  tone wall behind him, tiny light  bur t in front of hi  eye  and for a moment he wa  too dizzy and bewildered to react. 'WE'VE GOT HIM!' yelled the Death Eater neare t Harry. 'IN AN OFFICE OFF—' 'Silencio!' cried Hermione and the man'  voice wa  extingui hed. He continued to mouth through the hole in hi  ma k, but no  ound came out. He wa  thru t a ide by hi  fellow Death Eater. 'Petrificu  Totalu !'  houted Harry, a  the  econd Death Eater rai ed hi  wand. Hi  arm  and leg   napped together and he fell forward , face down on to the rug at Harry'  feet,  tiff a  a board and unable to move. 'Well done, Ha—' But the Death Eater Hermione had ju t  truck dumb made a  udden  la hing movement with hi  wand; a  treak of what looked like purple flame pa ed right acro  Hermione'  che t. She gave a tiny 'Oh!' a  though of  urpri e and crumpled on to the floor, where  he lay motionle . 'HERMIONE!' Harry fell to hi  knee  be ide her a  Neville crawled rapidly toward  her from under the de k, hi  wand held up in front of him. The Death Eater kicked out hard at Neville'  head a  he emerged - hi  foot broke Neville'  wand in two and connected with hi  face. Neville gave a howl of pain and recoiled, clutching hi  mouth and no e. Harry twi ted around, hi  own wand held high, and  aw that the Death Eater had ripped off hi  ma k and wa  pointing hi  wand directly at Harry, who recogni ed the long, pale, twi ted face from the Daily Prophet: Antonin Dolohov, the wizard who had murdered the Prewett . Dolohov grinned. With hi  free hand, he pointed from the prophecy  till clutched in Harry  hand, to him elf, then at Hermione. Though he could no longer  peak, hi  meaning could not have been clearer. Give me the prophecy, or you get the  ame a  her… 'Like you won't kill u  all anyway, the moment I hand it over!'  aid Harry. A whine of panic in ide hi  head wa  preventing him thinking properly: he had one hand on Hermione'   houlder, which wa   till warm, yet did not dare look at her properly. Don't let her be dead, don't let her be dead, it'  my fault if  he'  dead… 'Whaddever you do, Harry,'  aid Neville fiercely from under the de k, lowering hi  hand  to  how a clearly broken no e and blood pouring down hi  mouth and chin, 'don'd gib it to him!' Then there wa  a cra h out ide the door and Dolohov looked over hi   houlder - the baby-headed Death Eater had appeared in the doorway, hi  head bawling, hi  great fi t   till flailing uncontrollably at everything around him. Harry  eized hi  chance: 'PETRIFICUS TOTALUS!' The  pell hit Dolohov before he could block it and he toppled forward  acro  hi  comrade, both of them rigid a  board  and unable to move an inch. 'Hermione,' Harry  aid at once,  haking her a  the baby-headed Death Eater blundered out of  ight again. 'Hermione, wake up…" 'Whaddid he do to her?'  aid Neville, crawling out from under the de k to kneel at her other  ide, blood  treaming from hi  rapidly  welling no e. 'I dunno…" Neville groped for Hermione'  wri t. 'Dat'  a pul e, Harry, I'b  ure id i .' Such a powerful wave of relief  wept through Harry that for a moment he felt light-headed. 'She'  alive?' 'Yeah, I dink  o.' There wa  a pau e in which Harry li tened hard for the  ound of more foot tep , but all he could hear were the whimper  and blundering  of the baby-headed Death Eater in the next room. 'Neville, we're not far from the exit,' Harry whi pered, 'we're right next to that circular room… if we can ju t get you acro  it and find the right door before any more Death Eater  come, I'll bet you can get Hermione up the corridor and into the lift… then you could find  omeone… rai e the alarm…' 'And whad are you going do do?'  aid Neville, mopping hi  bleeding no e with hi   leeve and frowning at Harry. 'I've got to find the other ,'  aid Harry. 'Well, I'b going do find dem wid you,'  aid Neville firmly. 'But Hermione —' 'We'll dake her wid u ,'  aid Neville firmly. 'I'll carry her — you're bedder at fighding dem dan I ab -' He  tood up and  eized one of Hermione'  arm , glaring at Harry, who he itated, then grabbed the other and helped hoi t Hermione'  limp form over Neville'   houlder . 'Wait,'  aid Harry,  natching up Hermione'  wand from the floor and  hoving it into Neville'  hand, 'you'd better take thi .' Neville kicked a ide the broken fragment  of hi  own wand a  they walked  lowly toward  the door. 'My gran'  going do kill be,'  aid Neville thickly, blood  pattering from hi  no e a  he  poke, 'dat wa  by dad'  old wand.' Harry  tuck hi  head out of the door and looked around cautiou ly. The baby-headed Death Eater wa   creaming and banging into thing , toppling grandfather clock  and overturning de k , bawling and confu ed, while the gla -fronted cabinet that Harry now  u pected had contained Time-Turner  continued to fall,  hatter and repair it elf on the wall behind them. 'He'  never going to notice u ,' he whi pered. 'C'mon… keep clo e behind me…" They crept out of the office and back toward  the door into the black hallway, which now  eemed completely de erted. They walked a few  tep  forward , Neville tottering  lightly due to Hermione'  weight; the door of the Time Room  wung  hut behind them and the wall  began to rotate once more. The recent blow on the back of Harry  head  eemed to have un teadied him; he narrowed hi  eye ,  waying  lightly, until the wall   topped moving again. With a  inking heart, Harry  aw that Hermione'  fiery cro e  had faded from the door . 'So which way d'you reck—?' But before they could make a deci ion a  to which way to try, a door to their right  prang open and three people fell out of it. 'Ron!' croaked Harry, da hing toward  them. 'Ginny - are you all -?' 'Harry,'  aid Ron, giggling weakly, lurching forward ,  eizing the front of Harry'  robe  and gazing at him with unfocu ed eye , 'there you are… ha ha ha… you look funny, Harry… you're all me ed up…' Ron'  face wa  very white and  omething dark wa  trickling from the corner of hi  mouth. Next moment hi  knee  had given way, but he  till clutched the front of Harry'  robe ,  o that Harry wa  pulled into a kind of bow. 'Ginny?' Harry  aid fearfully. 'What happened?' But Ginny  hook her head and  lid down the wall into a  itting po ition, panting and holding her ankle. 'I think her ankle'  broken, I heard  omething crack,' whi pered Luna, who wa  bending over her and who alone  eemed to be unhurt. 'Four of them cha ed u  into a dark room full of planet ; it wa  a very odd place,  ome of the time we were ju t floating in the dark -' 'Harry, we  aw Uranu  up clo e!'  aid Ron,  till giggling feebly. 'Get it, Harry? We  aw Uranu  - ha ha ha -' A bubble of blood grew at the corner of Ron'  mouth and bur t. '- anyway, one of them grabbed Ginny'  foot, I u ed the Reductor Cur e and blew up Pluto in hi  face, but…' Luna ge tured hopele ly at Ginny, who wa  breathing in a very  hallow way, her eye   till clo ed. 'And what about Ron?'  aid Harry fearfully, a  Ron continued to giggle,  till hanging off the front of Harry'  robe . 'I don't know what they hit him with,'  aid Luna  adly, 'but he'  gone a bit funny, I could hardly get him along at all.' 'Harry,'  aid Ron, pulling Harry'  ear down to hi  mouth and  till giggling weakly, 'you know who thi  girl i , Harry? She'  Loony… Loony Lovegood… ha ha ha 'We've got to get out of here,'  aid Harry firmly. 'Luna, can you help Ginny?' 'Ye ,'  aid Luna,  ticking her wand behind her ear for  afekeeping, then putting an arm around Ginny  wai t and pulling her up. 'It'  only my ankle, I can do it my elf!'  aid Ginny impatiently, but next moment  he had collap ed  ideway  and grabbed Luna for  upport. Harry pulled Ron'  arm over hi   houlder ju t a ,  o many month  ago, he had pulled Dudley' . He looked around: they had a one in twelve chance of getting the exit right fir t time - He heaved Ron toward  a door; they were within a few feet of it when another door acro  the hall bur t open and three Death Eater   ped in, led by Bellatrix Le trange. 'There they are!'  he  hrieked. Stunning Spell   hot acro  the room: Harry  ma hed hi  way through the door ahead, flung Ron unceremoniou ly from him and ducked back to help Neville in with Hermione: they were all over the thre hold ju t in time to  lam the door again t Bellatrix. 'Colloportu !'  houted Harry, and he heard three bodie   lam into the door on the other  ide. 'It doe n't matter!'  aid a man'  voice. There are other way  in - WE'VE GOT THEM, THEY'RE HERE!' Harry  pan around; they were back in the Brain Room and,  ure enough, there were door  all around the wall . He could hear foot tep  in the hall behind them a  more Death Eater  came running to join the fir t. 'Luna - Neville - help me!' The three of them tore around the room,  ealing the door  a  they went; Harry cra hed into a table and rolled over the top of it in hi  ha te to reach the next door: 'Colloportu !' There were foot tep  running along behind the door , every now and then another heavy body would launch it elf again t one,  o it creaked and  huddered; Luna and Neville were bewitching the door  along the oppo ite wall - then, a  Harry reached the very top of the room, he heard Luna cry: 'Collo— aaaaaaaaargh…' He turned in time to  ee her flying through the air; five Death Eater  were  urging into the room through the door  he had not reached in time; Luna hit a de k,  lid over it   urface and on to the floor on the other  ide where  he lay  prawled, a   till a  Hermione. 'Get Potter!'  hrieked Bellatrix, and  he ran at him; he dodged her and  printed back up the room; he wa   afe a  long a  they thought they might hit the prophecy - 'Hey!'  aid Ron, who had  taggered to hi  feet and wa  now tottering drunkenly toward  Harry, giggling. 'Hey Harry, there are brain  in here, ha ha ha, i n't that weird, Harry?' 'Ron, get out of the way, get down -' But Ron had already pointed hi  wand at the tank. 'Hone t, Harry, they're brain  - look - Accio brain!' The  cene  eemed momentarily frozen. Harry, Ginny and Neville and each of the Death Eater  turned in  pite of them elve  to watch the top of the tank a  a brain bur t from the green liquid like a leaping fi h: for a moment it  eemed  u pended in midair, then it  oared toward  Ron,  pinning a  it came, and what looked like ribbon  of moving image  flew from it, unravelling like roll  of film- 'Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it -'  aid Ron, watching it di gorge it  gaudy innard , 'Harry come and touch it; bet it'  weird -' 'RON, NO!' Harry did not know what would happen if Ron touched the tentacle  of thought now flying behind the brain, but he wa   ure it would not be anything good. He darted forward  but Ron had already caught the brain in hi  out tretched hand . The moment they made contact with hi   kin, the tentacle  began wrapping them elve  around Ron'  arm  like rope . 'Harry, look what'  happen— No - no - I don't like it - no,  top -  top -' But the thin ribbon  were  pinning around Ron'  che t now; he tugged and tore at them a  the brain wa  pulled tight again t him like an octopu '  body. 'Diffindo!' yelled Harry, trying to  ever the feeler  wrapping them elve  tightly around Ron before hi  eye , but they would not break. Ron fell over,  till thra hing again t hi  bond . 'Harry, it'll  uffocate him!'  creamed Ginny, immobili ed by her broken ankle on the floor - then a jet of red light flew from one of the Death Eater'  wand  and hit her  quarely in the face. She keeled over  ideway  and lay there uncon ciou . 'STUBEFY!'  houted Neville, wheeling around and waving Hermione'  wand at the oncoming Death Eater , 'STUBEFY, STUBEFY!' But nothing happened. One of the Death Eater   hot their own Stunning Spell at Neville; it mi ed him by inche . Harry and Neville were now the only two left fighting the five Death Eater , two of whom  ent off  tream  of  ilver light like arrow  which mi ed but left crater  in the wall behind them. Harry ran for it a  Bellatrix Le trange raced right at him: holding the prophecy high above hi  head, he  printed back up the room; all he could think of doing wa  to draw the Death Eater  away from the other . It  eemed to have worked; they  treaked after him, knocking chair  and table  flying but not daring to bewitch him in ca e they hurt the prophecy, and he da hed through the only door  till open, the one through which the Death Eater  them elve  had come; inwardly praying that Neville would  tay with Ron and find  ome way of relea ing him. He ran a few feet into the new room and felt the floor vani h - He wa  falling down  teep  tone  tep after  teep  tone  tep, bouncing on every tier until at la t, with a cra h that knocked all the breath out of hi  body, he landed flat on hi  back in the  unken pit where the  tone archway  tood on it  dai . The whole room wa  ringing with the Death Eater ' laughter: he looked up and  aw the five who had been in the Brain Room de cending toward  him, while a  many more emerged through other doorway  and began leaping from bench to bench toward  him. Harry got to hi  feet though hi  leg  were trembling  o badly they barely  upported him: the prophecy wa   till miraculou ly unbroken in hi  left hand, hi  wand clutched tightly in hi  right. He backed away, looking around, trying to keep all the Death Eater  within hi   ight. The back of hi  leg  hit  omething  olid: he had reached the dai  where the archway  tood. He climbed backward  onto it. The Death Eater  all halted, gazing at him. Some were panting a  hard a  he wa . One wa  bleeding badly; Dolohov, freed of the Body-Bind Cur e, wa  leering, hi  wand pointing  traight at Harry  face. 'Potter, your race i  run,' drawled Luciu  Malfoy, pulling off hi  ma k, 'now hand me the prophecy like a good boy.' 'Let - let the other  go, and I'll give it to you!'  aid Harry de perately. A few of the Death Eater  laughed. 'You are not in a po ition to bargain, Potter,'  aid Luciu  Malfoy, hi  pale face flu hed with plea ure. 'You  ee, there are ten of u  and only one of you… or ha n't Dumbledore ever taught you how to count?' 'He'  dot alone!'  houted a voice from above them. 'He'   till god be!' Harry'  heart  ank: Neville wa   crambling down the  tone benche  toward  them, Hermione  wand held fa t in hi  trembling hand. 'Neville - no - go back to Ron -' 'STUBEFY!' Neville  houted again, pointing hi  wand at each Death Eater in turn. 'STUBEFY! STl/BE—' One of the large t Death Eater   eized Neville from behind, pinioning hi  arm  to hi   ide . He  truggled and kicked;  everal of the Death Eater  laughed. 'It'  Longbottom, i n't it?'  neered Luciu  Malfoy. 'Well, your grandmother i  u ed to lo ing family member  to our cau e… your death will not come a  a great  hock.' 'Longbottom?' repeated Bellatrix, and a truly evil  mile lit her gaunt face. 'Why, I have had the plea ure of meeting your parent , boy,' 'I DOE YOU HAB!' roared Neville, and he fought  o hard again t hi  captor  encircling grip that the Death Eater  houted, 'Someone Stun him!' 'No, no, no,'  aid Bellatrix. She looked tran ported, alive with excitement a   he glanced at Harry, then back at Neville. 'No, let'   ee how long Longbottom la t  before he crack  like hi  parent … unle  Potter want  to give u  the prophecy.' 'DON'D GIB ID DO DEM!' roared Neville, who  eemed be ide him elf, kicking and writhing a  Bellatrix drew nearer to him and hi  captor, her wand rai ed. 'DON'D GIB ID DO DEM, HARRY!' Bellatrix rai ed her wand. 'Crude/' Neville  creamed, hi  leg  drawn up to hi  che t  o that the Death Eater holding him wa  momentarily holding him off the ground. The Death Eater dropped him and he fell to the floor, twitching and  creaming in agony. 'That wa  ju t a ta ter!'  aid Bellatrix, rai ing her wand  o that Neville'   cream   topped and he lay  obbing at her feet. She turned and gazed up at Harry. 'Now, Potter, either give u  the prophecy, or watch your little friend die the hard way!' Harry did not have to think; there wa  no choice. The prophecy wa  hot with the heat of hi  clutching hand a  he held it out. Malfoy jumped forward  to take it. Then, high above them, two more door  bur t open and five more people  printed into the room: Siriu , Lupin, Moody, Tonk  and King ley. Malfoy turned, and rai ed hi  wand, but Tonk  had already  ent a Stunning Spell right at him. Harry did not wait to  ee whether it had made contact, but dived off the dai  out of the way. The Death Eater  were completely di tracted by the appearance of the member  of the Order, who were now raining  pell  down upon them a  they jumped from  tep to  tep toward  the  unken floor. Through the darting bodie , the fla he  of light, Harry could  ee Neville crawling along. He dodged another jet of red light and flung him elf flat on the ground to reach Neville. 'Are you OK?' he yelled, a  another  pell  oared inche  over their head . 'Ye ,'  aid Neville, trying to pull him elf up. 'And Ron?' 'I dink he'  all righd - he wa   till fighding de brain when I lefd -' The  tone floor between them exploded a  a  pell hit it, leaving a crater right where Neville  hand had been only  econd  before; both  crambled away from the  pot, then a thick arm came out of nowhere,  eized Harry around the neck and pulled him upright,  o that hi  toe  were barely touching the floor. 'Give it to me,' growled a voice in hi  ear, 'give me the prophecy -' The man wa  pre ing  o tightly on Harry'  windpipe that he could not breathe. Through watering eye  he  aw Siriu  duelling with a Death Eater  ome ten feet away; King ley wa  fighting two at once; Tonk ,  till halfway up the tiered  eat , wa  firing  pell  down at Bellatrix - nobody  eemed to reali e that Harry wa  dying. He turned hi  wand backward  toward  the man'   ide, but had no breath to utter an incantation, and the man'  free hand wa  groping toward  the hand in which Harry wa  gra ping the prophecy - 'AARGH!' Neville had come lunging out of nowhere; unable to articulate a  pell, he had jabbed Hermione'  wand hard into the eyehole of the Death Eater  ma k. The man relinqui hed Harry at once with a howl of pain. Harry whirled around to face him and ga ped: 'STUPEFY!' The Death Eater keeled over backward  and hi  ma k  lipped off: it wa  Macnair, Buckbeak'  would-be killer, one of hi  eye  now  wollen and blood hot. Thank !' Harry  aid to Neville, pulling him a ide a  Siriu  and hi  Death Eater lurched pa t, duelling  o fiercely that their wand  were blur ; then Harry'  foot made contact with  omething round and hard and he  lipped. For a moment he thought he had dropped the prophecy, but then he  aw Moody'  magical eye  pinning away acro  the floor. It  owner wa  lying on hi   ide, bleeding from the head, and hi  attacker wa  now bearing down upon Harry and Neville: Dolohov, hi  long pale face twi ted with glee. 'Tarantallegra!' he  houted, hi  wand pointing at Neville, who e leg  went immediately into a kind of frenzied tap-dance, unbalancing him and cau ing him to fall to the floor again. 'Now, Potter -' He made the  ame  la hing movement with hi  wand that he had u ed on Hermione ju t a  Harry yelled, 'Protege/' Harry felt  omething  treak acro  hi  face like a blunt knife; the force of it knocked him  ideway  and he fell over Neville'  jerking leg , but the Shield Charm had  topped the wor t of the  pell. Dolohov rai ed hi  wand again. 'Accio proph—' Siriu  had hurtled out of nowhere, rammed Dolohov with hi   houlder and  ent him flying out of the way. The prophecy had again flown to the tip  of Harry'  finger  but he had managed to cling on to it. Now Siriu  and Dolohov were duelling, their wand  fla hing like  word ,  park  flying from their wand-tip  - Dolohov drew back hi  wand to make the  ame  la hing movement he had u ed on Harry and Hermione. Springing up, Harry yelled, 'Petrificu  Totalu !' Once again, Dolohov'  arm  and leg   napped together and he keeled over backward , landing with a cra h on hi  back. 'Nice one!'  houted Siriu , forcing Harry'  head down a  a pair of Stunning Spell  flew toward  them. 'Now I want you to get out of-' They both ducked again; a jet of green light had narrowly mi ed Siriu . Acro  the room Harry  aw Tonk  fall from halfway up the  tone  tep , her limp form toppling from  tone  eat to  tone  eat and Bellatrix, triumphant, running back toward  the fray. 'Harry, take the prophecy, grab Neville and run!' Siriu  yelled, da hing to meet Bellatrix. Harry did not  ee what happened next: King ley  wayed acro  hi  field of vi ion, battling with the pockmarked and no longer ma ked Rookwood; another jet of green light flew over Harry'  head a  he launched him elf toward  Neville - 'Can you  tand?' he bellowed in Neville'  ear, a  Neville'  leg  jerked and twitched uncontrollably. 'Put your arm round my neck -' Neville did  o - Harry heaved — Neville'  leg  were  till flying in every direction, they would not  upport him, and then, out of nowhere, a man lunged at them: both fell backward , Neville'  leg  waving wildly like an overturned beetle' , Harry with hi  left arm held up in the air to try to  ave the  mall gla  ball from being  ma hed. The prophecy, give me the prophecy, Potter!'  narled Luciu  Malfoy'  voice in hi  ear, and Harry felt the tip of Malfoy'  wand pre ing hard between hi  rib . 'No - get - off - me… Neville - catch it!' Harry flung the prophecy acro  the floor, Neville  pan him elf around on hi  back and  cooped the ball to hi  che t. Malfoy pointed the wand in tead at Neville, but Harry jabbed hi  own wand back over hi   houlder and yelled, 'Impedimenta!' Malfoy wa  bla ted off hi  back. A  Harry  crambled up again he looked around and  aw Malfoy  ma h into the dai  on which Siriu  and Bellatrix were now duelling. Malfoy aimed hi  wand at Harry and Neville again, but before he could draw breath to  trike, Lupin had jumped between them. 'Harry, round up the other  and GO!' Harry  eized Neville by the  houlder of hi  robe  and lifted him bodily on to the fir t tier of  tone  tep ; Neville'  leg  twitched and jerked and would not  upport hi  weight; Harry heaved again with all the  trength he po e ed and they climbed another  tep - A  pell hit the  tone bench at Harry  heel; it crumbled away and he fell back to the  tep below. Neville  ank to the ground, hi  leg   till jerking and thra hing, and he thru t the prophecy into hi  pocket. 'Come on!'  aid Harry de perately, hauling at Neville  robe . 'Ju t try and pu h with your leg  -' He gave another  tupendou  heave and Neville  robe  tore all along the left  eam - the  mall  pun-gla  ball dropped from hi  pocket and, before either of them could catch it, one of Neville'  floundering feet kicked it: it flew  ome ten feet to their right and  ma hed on the  tep beneath them. A  both of them  tared at the place where it had broken, appalled at what had happened, a pearly-white figure with hugely magnified eye  ro e into the air, unnoticed by any but them..Harry could  ee it  mouth moving, but in all the cra he  and  cream  and yell   urrounding them, not one word of the prophecy could he hear. The figure  topped  peaking and di olved into nothingne . 'Harry, Fb  orry!' cried Neville, hi  face angui hed a  hi  leg  continued to flounder. Tb  o  orry, Harry, I didn'd bean do -' 'It doe n't matter!' Harry  houted. 'Ju t try and  tand, let'  get out of -' 'Dubbledore!'  aid Neville, hi   weaty face  uddenly tran ported,  taring over Harry'   houlder. 'What?' 'DUBBLEDORE!' Harry turned to look where Neville wa   taring. Directly above them, framed in the doorway from the Brain Room,  tood Albu  Dumbledore, hi  wand aloft, hi  face white and furiou . Harry felt a kind of electric charge  urge through every particle of hi  body - they were  aved. Dumbledore  ped down the  tep  pa t Neville and Harry, who had no more thought  of leaving. Dumbledore wa  already at the foot of the  tep  when the Death Eater  neare t reali ed he wa  there and yelled to the other . One of the Death Eater  ran for it,  crabbling like a monkey up the  tone  tep  oppo ite. Dumbledore'   pell pulled him back a  ea ily and effortle ly a  though he had hooked him with an invi ible line - Only one pair wa   till battling, apparently unaware of the new arrival. Harry  aw Siriu  duck Bellatrix'  jet of red light: he wa  laughing at her. 'Come on, you can do better than that!' he yelled, hi  voice echoing around the cavernou  room. The  econd jet of light hit him  quarely on the che t. The laughter had not quite died from hi  face, but hi  eye  widened in  hock. Harry relea ed Neville, though he wa  unaware of doing  o. He wa  jumping down the  tep  again, pulling out hi  wand, a  Dumbledore, too, turned toward  the dai . It  eemed to take Siriu  an age to fall: hi  body curved in a graceful arc a  he  ank backward  through the ragged veil hanging from the arch. Harry  aw the look of mingled fear and  urpri e on hi  godfather'  wa ted, once-hand ome face a  he fell through the ancient doorway and di appeared behind the veil, which fluttered for a moment a  though in a high wind, then fell back into place. Harry heard Bellatrix Le trange'  triumphant  cream, but knew it meant nothing - Siriu  had only ju t fallen through the archway, he would reappear from the other  ide any  econd… But Siriu  did not reappear. 'SIRIUS!' Harry yelled. 'SIRIUS!' He had reached the floor, hi  breath coming in  earing ga p . Siriu  mu t be ju t behind the curtain, he, Harry, would pull him back out… But a  he reached the ground and  printed toward  the dai , Lupin grabbed Harry around the che t, holding him back. There'  nothing you can do, Harry -' 'Get him,  ave him, he'  only ju t gone through!' '- it'  too late, Harry.' 'We can  till reach him -' Harry  truggled hard and viciou ly, but Lupin would not let go… There'  nothing you can do, Harry… nothing… he'  gone.' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 36 - The Only One He Ever Feared 'He ha n't gone!' Harry yelled. He did not believe it; he would not believe it;  till he fought Lupin with every bit of  trength he had. Lupin did not under tand; people hid behind that curtain; Harry had heard them whi pering the fir t time he had entered the room. Siriu  wa  hiding,  imply lurking out of  ight 'SIRIUS!' he bellowed. 'SIRIUS!' `He can't come back, Harry,'  aid Lupin, hi  voice breaking a  he  truggled to contain Harry. `He can't come back, becau e he'  d-' `HE - IS - NOT - DEAD!' roared Harry. 'SIRIUS!' There wa  movement going on around them, pointle  bu tling, the fla he  of more  pell . To Harry it wa  meaningle  noi e, the deflected cur e  flying pa t them did not matter, nothing mattered except that Lupin  hould  top pretending that Siriu  - who wa   tanding feet from them behind that old curtain - wa  not going to emerge at any moment,  haking back hi  dark hair and eager to re-enter the battle. Lupin dragged Harry away from the dai . Harry,  till  taring at the archway, wa  angry at Siriu  now for keeping him waiting But  ome part of him reali ed, even a  he fought to break free from Lupin, that Siriu  had never kept him waiting before… Siriu  had ri ked everything, alway , to  ee Harry, to help him… if Siriu  wa  not reappearing out of that archway when Harry wa  yelling for him a  though hi  life depended on it, the only po ible explanation wa  that he could not come back… that he really wa  Dumbledore had mo t of the remaining Death Eater  grouped in the middle of the room,  eemingly immobili ed by invi ible rope ; Mad-Eye Moody had crawled acro  the room to where Tonk  lay, and wa  attempting to revive her; behind the dai  there were  till ha he  of light, grunt  and crie  - King ley had run forward to continue Siriu '  duel with Bellatrix. `Harry?' Neville had  lid down the  tone benche  one by one to the place where Harry  tood. Harry wa  no longer  truggling again t Lupin, who maintained a precautionary grip on hi  arm neverthele . `Harry… I'b really  orry…'  aid Neville. Hi  leg  were  till dancing uncontrollably. `Wa  dad man - wa  Siriu  Black a - a friend of your ?' Harry nodded. `Here,'  aid Lupin quietly, and pointing hi  wand at Neville'  leg  he  aid, `Finite.' The  pell wa  lifted: Neville'  leg  fell back to the floor and remained  till. Lupin'  face wa  pale. `Let'  - let'  find the other . Where are they all, Neville?' Lupin turned away from the archway a  he  poke. It  ounded a  though every word wa  cau ing him pain. `Dey're all back dere,'  aid Neville. `A brain addacked Ron bud I dink he'  all righd - and Herbione'  uncon ciou , bud we could feel a bul e = There wa  a loud bang and a yell from behind the dai . Harry  aw King ley hit the ground yelling in pain: Bellatrix Le trange turned tail and ran a  Dumbledore whipped around. He aimed a  pell at her but  he deflected it;  he wa  halfway up the  tep  now `Harry - no!' cried Lupin, but Harry had already ripped hi  arm from Lupin'   lackened grip. `SHE KILLED SIRIUS!' bellowed Harry. `SHE KILLED HIM I'LL KILL HER!' And he wa  off,  crambling up the  tone benche ; people were  houting behind him but he did not care. The hem of Bellatrix'  robe  whipped out of  ight ahead and they were back in the room where the brain  were  wimming… She aimed a cur e over her  houlder. The tank ro e into the air and tipped. Harry wa  deluged in the foul- melling potion within: the brain   lipped and  lid over him and began  pinning their long coloured tentacle , but he  houted, `Wingardium Levio a!' and they flew off him up into the air. Slipping and  liding, he ran on toward  the door; he leapt over Luna, who wa  groaning on the floor, pa t Ginny, who  aid, `Harry - what -?', pa t Ron, who giggled feebly, and Hermione, who wa   till uncon ciou . He wrenched open the door into the circular black hall and  aw Bellatrix di appearing through a door on the other  ide of the room; beyond her wa  the corridor leading back to the lift . He ran, but  he had  lammed the door behind her and the wall  were already rotating. Once more, he wa   urrounded by  treak  of blue light from the whirling candelabra. `Where'  the exit?' he  houted de perately, a  the wall rumbled to a halt again. `Where'  the way out?' The room  eemed to have been waiting for him to a k. The door right behind him flew open and the corridor toward  the lift   tretched ahead of him, torch-lit and empty. He ran … He could hear a lift clattering ahead; he  printed up the pa ageway,  wung around the corner and  lammed hi  fi t on to the button to call a  econd lift. It jangled and banged lower and lower; the grille   lid open and Harry da hed in ide, now hammering the button marked `Atrium'. The door   lid  hut and he wa  ri ing … He forced hi  way out of the lift before the grille  were fully open and looked around. Bellatrix wa  almo t at the telephone lift at the other end of the hall, but  he looked back a  he  printed toward  her and aimed another  pell at him. He dodged behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren: the  pell zoomed pa t him and hit the wroughtgold gate  at the other end of the Atrium  o that they rang like bell . There were no more foot tep . She had  topped running. He crouched behind the  tatue , li tening. `Come out, come out, little Harry!'  he called in her mock baby voice, which echoed off the poli hed wooden floor . `What did you come after me for, then? I thought you were here to avenge my dear cou in!' `I am!'  houted Harry, and a  core of gho tly Harry   eemed to choru  I am! I am! I am! all around the room `Aaaaaah … did you love him, little baby Potter?' Hatred ro e in Harry  uch a  he had never known before; he flung him elf out from behind the fountain and bellowed, `Crucio!' Bellatrix  creamed: the  pell had knocked her off her feet, but  he did not writhe and  hriek with pain a  Neville had -  he wa  already back on her feet, breathle , no longer laughing. Harry dodged behind the golden fountain again. Her counter- pell hit the head of the hand ome wizard, which wa  blown off and landed twenty feet away, gouging long  cratche  into the wooden floor. `Never u ed an Unforgivable Cur e before, have you, boy?'  he yelled. She had abandoned her baby voice now. `You need to mean them, Potter! You need to really want to cau e pain - to enjoy it - righteou  anger won't hurt me for long - I'll  how you how it i  done,  hall I? I'll give you a le on -' Harry wa  edging around the fountain on the other  ide when  he  creamed, `Crucio!' and he wa  forced to duck down again a  the centaur'  arm, holding it  bow,  pan off and landed with a cra h on the floor a  hort di tance from the golden wizard'  head. `Potter, you cannot win again t me!'  he cried. He could hear her moving to the right, trying to get a clear  hot of him. He backed around the  tatue away from her, crouching behind the centaur'  leg , hi  head level with the hou e-elf' . `I wa  and am the Dark Lord'  mo t loyal  ervant. I learned the Dark Art  from him, and I know  pell  of  uch power that you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete = `Stupefy!' yelled Harry. He had edged right around to where the goblin  tood beaming up at the now headle  wizard and taken aim at her back a   he peered around the fountain. She reacted  o fa t he barely had time to duck. `Protego!' The jet of red light, hi  own Stunning Spell, bounced back at him. Harry  crambled back behind the fountain and one of the goblin'  ear  went flying acro  the room. `Potter, I'm going to give you one chance!'  houted Bellatrix. `Give me the prophecy - roll it out toward  me now - and I may  pare your life!' `Well, you're going to have to kill me, becau e it'  gone!' Harry roared and, a  he  houted it, pain  eared acro  hi  forehead; hi   car wa  on fire again, and he felt a  urge of fury that wa  quite unconnected with hi  own rage. `And he know !'  aid Harry, with a mad laugh to match Bellatrix'  own. `Your dear old mate Voldemort know  it'  gone! He'  not going to be happy with you, i  he?' 'What? What do you mean?'  he cried, and for the fir t time there wa  fear in her voice. `The prophecy  ma hed when I wa  trying to get Neville up the  tep ! What do you think Voldemort'll  ay about that, then?' Hi   car  eared and burned… the pain of it wa  making hi  eye   tream… `LIAR!'  he  hrieked, but he could hear the terror behind the anger now. `YOU'VE GOT IT, POTTER, AND YOU WILL GIVE IT TO ME! Accio prophecy! ACCIO PROPHECY!' Harry laughed again becau e he knew it would incen e her, the pain building in hi  head  o badly he thought hi   kull might bur t. He waved hi  empty hand from behind the one-eared goblin and withdrew it quickly a   he  ent another jet of green light flying at him. `Nothing there!' he  houted. `Nothing to  ummon! It  ma hed and nobody heard what it  aid, tell your bo  that!' `No!'  he  creamed. `It i n't true, you're lying! MASTER, I TRIED, I TRIED - DO NOT PUNISH ME = `Don't wa te your breath!' yelled Harry, hi  eye   crewed up again t the pain in hi   car, now more terrible than ever. `He can't hear you from here!' `Can't I, Potter?'  aid a high, cold voice. Harry opened hi  eye . Tall, thin and black-hooded, hi  terrible  nakelike face white and gaunt, hi   carlet,  lit-pupilled eye   taring… Lord Voldemort had appeared in the middle of the hall, hi  wand pointing at Harry who  tood frozen, quite unable to move. `So, you  ma hed my prophecy?'  aid Voldemort  oftly,  taring at Harry with tho e pitile  red eye . `No, Bella, he i  not lying… I  ee the truth looking at me from within hi  worthle  mind… month  of preparation, month  of effort… and my Death Eater  have let Harry Potter thwart me again …I 'Ma ter, I am  orry I knew not, I wa  fighting the Animagu  Black!'  obbed Bellatrix, flinging her elf down at Voldemort'  feet a  he paced  lowly nearer. `Ma ter, you  hould know = `Be quiet, Bella,'  aid Voldemort dangerou ly. `I  hall deal with you in a moment. Do you think I have entered the Mini try of Magic to hear your  nivelling apologie ?T 'But Ma ter - he i  here - he i  below = Voldemort paid no attention. `I have nothing more to  ay to you, Potter,' he  aid quietly. `You have irked me too often, for too long. AVADA KEDAVRA!' Harry had not even opened hi  mouth to re i t; hi  mind wa  blank, hi  wand pointing u ele ly at the floor. But the headle  golden  tatue of the wizard in the fountain had  prung alive, leaping from it  plinth to land with a cra h on the floor between Harry and Voldemort. The  pell merely glanced off it  che t a  the  tatue flung out it  arm  to protect Harry. `What -?' cried Voldemort,  taring around. And then he breathed, `Dumbledore!' Harry looked behind him, hi  heart pounding. Dumbledore wa   tanding in front of the golden gate . Voldemort rai ed hi  wand and another jet of green light  treaked at Dumbledore, who turned and wa  gone in a whirling of hi  cloak. Next  econd, he had reappeared behind Voldemort and waved hi  wand toward  the remnant  of the fountain. The other  tatue   prang to life. The  tatue of the witch ran at Bellatrix, who  creamed and  ent  pell   treaming u ele ly off it  che t, before it dived at her, pinning her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the hou e-elf  cuttled toward  the fireplace   et along the wall and the one-armed centaur galloped at Voldemort, who vani hed and reappeared be ide the pool. The headle   tatue thru t Harry backward , away from the fight, a  Dumbledore advanced on Voldemort and the golden centaur cantered around them both. `It wa  fooli h to come here tonight, Tom,'  aid Dumbledore calmly. `The Auror  are on their way = `By which time I  hall be gone, and you will be dead!'  pat Voldemort. He  ent another killing cur e at Dumbledore but mi ed, in tead hitting the  ecurity guard'  de k, which bur t into flame. Dumbledore flicked hi  own wand: the force of the  pell that emanated from it wa   uch that Harry, though  hielded by hi  golden guard, felt hi  hair  tand on end a  it pa ed and thi  time Voldemort wa  forced to conjure a  hining  ilver  hield out of thin air to deflect it. The  pell, whatever it wa , cau ed no vi ible damage to the  hield, though a deep, gong-like note reverberated from it - an oddly chilling  ound. `You do not  eek to kill me, Dumbledore?' called Voldemort, hi   carlet eye  narrowed over the top of the  hield. `Above  uch brutality, are you?' 'We both know that there are other way  of de troying a man, Tom,' Dumbledore  aid calmly, continuing to walk toward  Voldemort a  though he had not a fear in the world, a  though nothing had happened to interrupt hi   troll up the hall. `Merely taking your life would not  ati fy me, I admit = `There i  nothing wor e than death, Dumbledore!'  narled Voldemort. `You are quite wrong,'  aid Dumbledore,  till clo ing in upon Voldemort and  peaking a  lightly a  though they were di cu ing the matter over drink . Harry felt  cared to  ee him walking along, undefended,  hieldle ; he wanted to cry out a warning, but hi  headle  guard kept  hunting him backward  toward  the wall, blocking hi  every attempt to get out from behind it. `Indeed, your failure to under tand that there are thing  much wor e than death ha  alway  been your greate t weakne  = Another jet of green light flew from behind the  ilver  hield. Thi  time it wa  the one-armed centaur, galloping in front of Dumbledore, that took the bla t and  hattered into a hundred piece , but before the fragment  had even hit the floor, Dumbledore had drawn back hi  wand and waved it a  though brandi hing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the tip; it wrapped it elf around Voldemort,  hield and all. For a moment, it  eemed Dumbledore had won, but then the fiery rope became a  erpent, which relinqui hed it  hold on Voldemort at once and turned, hi ing furiou ly, to face Dumbledore. Voldemort vani hed; the  nake reared from the floor, ready to  trike There wa  a bur t of flame in midair above Dumbledore ju t a  Voldemort reappeared,  tanding on the plinth in the middle of the pool where  o recently the five  tatue  had  tood. `Look out!' Harry yelled. But even a  he  houted, another jet of green light flew at Dumbledore from Voldemort'  wand and the  nake  truck Fawke   wooped down in front of Dumbledore, opened hi  beak wide and  wallowed the jet of green light whole: he bur t into flame and fell to the floor,  mall, wrinkled and flightle . At the  ame moment, Dumbledore brandi hed hi  wand in one long, fluid movement - the  nake, which had been an in tant from  inking it  fang  into him, flew high into the air and vani hed in a wi p of dark  moke; and the water in the pool ro e up and covered Voldemort like a cocoon of molten gla . For a few  econd  Voldemort wa  vi ible only a  a dark, rippling, facele  figure,  himmering and indi tinct upon the plinth, clearly  truggling to throw off the  uffocating ma  Then he wa  gone and the water fell with a cra h back into it  pool,  lopping wildly over the  ide , drenching the poli hed floor. `MASTER!'  creamed Bellatrix. Sure it wa  over,  ure Voldemort had decided to flee, Harry made to run out from behind hi   tatue guard, but Dumbledore bellowed: `Stay where you are, Harry!' For the fir t time, Dumbledore  ounded frightened. Harry could not  ee why: the hall wa  quite empty but for them elve , the  obbing Bellatrix  till trapped under the witch  tatue, and the baby phoenix Fawke  croaking feebly on the floor Then Harry'   car bur t open and he knew he wa  dead: it wa  pain beyond imagining, pain pa t endurance He wa  gone from the hall, he wa  locked in the coil  of a creature with red eye ,  o tightly bound that Harry did not know where hi  body ended and the creature'  began: they were fu ed together, bound by pain, and there wa  no e cape And when the creature  poke, it u ed Harry'  mouth,  o that in hi  agony he felt hi  jaw move `Kill me now, Dumbledore…' Blinded and dying, every part of him  creaming for relea e, Harry felt the creature u e him again… `If death i  nothing, Dumbledore, kill the boy…' Let the pain  top, thought Harry… let him kill u … end it, Dumbledore… death i  nothing compared to thi … And I'll  ee Siriu  again… And a  Harry'  heart filled with emotion, the creature'  coil  loo ened, the pain wa  gone; Harry wa  lying face down on the floor, hi  gla e  gone,  hivering a  though he lay upon ice, not wood… And there were voice  echoing through the hall, more voice  than there  hould have been… Harry opened hi  eye ,  aw hi  gla e  lying by the heel of the headle   tatue that had been guarding him, but which now lay flat on it  back, cracked and immobile. He put them on and rai ed hi  head a little to find Dumbledore'  crooked no e inche  from hi  own. `Are you all right, Harry?' `Ye ,'  aid Harry,  haking  o violently he could not hold hi  head up properly. `Yeah, I'm - where'  Voldemort, where - who are all the e - what'  - The Atrium wa  full of people; the floor wa  reflecting the emerald green flame  that had bur t into life in all the fireplace  along one wall; and  tream  of witche  and wizard  were emerging from them. A  Dumbledore pulled him back to hi  feet, Harry  aw the tiny gold  tatue  of the hou e-elf and the goblin, leading a  tunned-looking Corneliu  Fudge forward. `He wa  there!'  houted a  carlet-robed man with a ponytail, who wa  pointing at a pile of golden rubble on the other  ide of the hall, where Bellatrix had lain trapped only moment  before. `I  aw him, Mr Fudge, I  wear it wa  You-Know-Who, he grabbed a woman and Di apparated!' `I know, William on, I know, I  aw him too!' gibbered Fudge, who wa  wearing pyjama  under hi  pin triped cloak and wa  ga ping a  though he had ju t run mile . `Merlin'  beard - here - here! - in the Mini try of Magic! - great heaven  above - it doe n't  eem po ible - my word - how can thi  be -?T 'if you proceed down tair  into the Department of My terie , Corneliu ,'  aid Dumbledore - apparently  ati fied that Harry wa  all right, and walking forward   o that the newcomer  reali ed he wa  there for the fir t time (a few of them rai ed their wand ; other   imply looked amazed; the  tatue  of the elf and goblin applauded and Fudge jumped  o much that hi   lipper-clad feet left the floor) - `you will find  everal e caped Death Eater  contained in the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Di apparation Jinx and awaiting your deci ion a  to what to do with them.' 'Dumbledore!' ga ped Fudge, be ide him elf with amazement. `You-here-I-I= He looked wildly around at the Auror  he had brought with him and it could not have been clearer that he wa  in half a mind to cry, `Seize him!' 'Corneliu , I am ready to fight your men - and win, again!'  aid Dumbledore in a thunderou  voice. `But a few minute  ago you  aw proof, with your own eye , that I have been telling you the truth for a year. Lord Voldemort ha  returned, you have been cha ing the wrong man for twelve month , and it i  time -you li tened to  en e!' `I - don't - well = blu tered Fudge, looking around a  though hoping  omebody wa  going to tell him what to do. When nobody did, he  aid, `Very well - Dawli h! William on! Go down to the Department of My terie  and  ee… Dumbledore, you - you will need to tell me exactly - the Fountain of Magical Brethren - what happened?' he added in a kind of whimper,  taring around at the floor, where the remain  of the  tatue  of the witch, wizard and centaur now lay  cattered. `We can di cu  that after I have  ent Harry back to Hogwart ,'  aid Dumbledore. `Harry - Harry Potter?' Fudge wheeled around and  tared at Harry, who wa   till  tanding again t the wall be ide the fallen  tatue that had guarded him during Dumbledore and Voldemort'  duel. `He - here?'  aid Fudge, goggling at Harry. `Why - what'  all thi  about?T 'I  hall explain everything,' repeated Dumbledore, `when Harry i  back at  chool.' He walked away from the pool to the place where the golden wizard'  head lay on the floor. He pointed hi  wand at it and muttered, `Portu .' The head glowed blue and trembled noi ily again t the wooden floor for a few  econd , then became  till once more. `Now  ee here, Dumbledore!'  aid Fudge, a  Dumbledore picked up the head and walked back to Harry carrying it. `You haven't got authori ation for that Portkey! You can't do thing  like that right in front of the Mini ter for Magic, you - you = Hi  voice faltered a  Dumbledore  urveyed him magi terially over hi  half-moon  pectacle . `You will give the order to remove Dolore  Umbridge from Hogwart ,'  aid Dumbledore. `You will tell your Auror  to  top  earching for my Care of Magical Creature  teacher  o that he can return to work. I will give you …' Dumbledore pulled a watch with twelve hand  from hi  pocket and  urveyed it'… half an hour of my time tonight, in which I think we  hall be more than able to cover the important point  of what ha  happened here. After that, I  hall need to return to my  chool. If you need more help from me you are, of cour e, more than welcome to contact me at Hogwart . Letter  addre ed to the Headma ter will find me.' Fudge goggled wor e than ever; hi  mouth wa  open and hi  round face grew pinker under hi  rumpled grey hair. `I - you = Dumbledore turned hi  back on him. `Take thi  Portkey, Harry.' He held out the golden head of the  tatue and Harry placed hi  hand on it, pa t caring what he did next or where he went. `I  hall  ee you in half an hour,'  aid Dumbledore quietly `One … two … three …' Harry felt the familiar  en ation of a hook being jerked behind hi  navel. The poli hed wooden floor wa  gone from beneath hi  feet; the Atrium, Fudge and Dumbledore had all di appeared and he wa  flying forward  in a whirlwind of colour and  ound … Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 37 - The Lo t Prophecy Harry'  feet hit  olid ground; hi  knee  buckled a little and the golden wizard'  head fell with a re ounding dunk to the floor. He looked around and  aw that he had arrived in Dumbledore'  office. Everything  eemed to have repaired it elf during the Headma ter'  ab ence. The delicate  ilver in trument   tood once more on the  pindle-legged table , puffing and whirring  erenely. The portrait  of the headma ter  and headmi tre e  were  noozing in their frame , head  lolling back in armchair  or again t the edge of the picture. Harry looked through the window. There wa  a cool line of pale green along the horizon: dawn wa  approaching. The  ilence and the  tillne , broken only by the occa ional grunt or  nuffle of a  leeping portrait, wa  unbearable to him. If hi   urrounding  could have reflected the feeling  in ide him, the picture  would have been  creaming in pain. He walked around the quiet, beautiful office, breathing quickly, trying not to think. But he had to think… there wa  no e cape… It wa  hi  fault Siriu  had died; it wa  all hi  fault. If he, Harry, had not been  tupid enough to fall for Voldemort'  trick, if he had not been  o convinced that what he had  een in hi  dream wa  real, if he had only opened hi  mind to the po ibility that Voldemort wa , a  Hermione had  aid, banking on Harry'  love of playing the hero… It wa  unbearable, he would not think about it, he could not  tand it… there wa  a terrible hollow in ide him he did not want to feel or examine, a dark hole where Siriu  had been, where Siriu  had vani hed; he did not want to have to be alonc with that great,  ilent  pace, he could not  tand it - A picture behind him gave a particularly loud grunting  nore, and a cool voice  aid, 'Ali … Harry Potter …' Phinea  Nigellu  gave a long yawn,  tretching hi  arm  a  he  urveyed Harry out of  hrewd, narrow eye . `And what bring  you here in the early hour  of the morning?'  aid Phinea  eventually `Thi  office i   uppo ed to be barred to all but the rightful Headma ter. Or ha  Dumbledore  ent you here? Oh, don't tell me …' He gave another  huddering yawn. `Another me age for my worthle  great-great-grand on?' Harry could not  peak. Phinea  Nigellu  did not know that Siriu  wa  dead, but Harry could not tell him. To  ay it aloud would be to make it final, ab olute, irretrievable. A few more of the portrait  had  tirred now. Terror of being interrogated made Harry  tride acro  the room and  eize the doorknob. It would not turn. He wa   hut in. `I hope thi  mean ,'  aid the corpulent, red-no ed wizard who hung on the wall behind the Headma ter'  de k, `that Dumbledore will  oon be back among u ?' Harry turned. The wizard wa   urveying him with great intere t. Harry nodded. He tugged again on the doorknob behind hi  back, but it remained immovable. `Oh good,'  aid the wizard. `It ha  been very dull without him, very dull indeed.' He  ettled him elf on the throne-like chair on which he had been painted and  miled benignly upon Harry 'Dumbledore think  very highly of you, a  I am  ure you know,' he  aid comfortably. `Oh ye . Hold  you in great e teem.' The guilt filling the whole of Harry'  che t like  ome mon trou , weighty para ite, now writhed and  quirmed. Harry could not  tand thi , he could not  tand being him elf any more … he had never felt more trapped in ide hi  own head and body, never wi hed  o inten ely that he could be  omebody; anybody, el e … The empty fireplace bur t into emerald green flame, making Harry leap away from the door,  taring at the man  pinning in ide the grate. A  Dumbledore'  tall form unfolded it elf from the fire, the wizard  and witche  on the  urrounding wall  jerked awake, many of them giving crie  of welcome. 'Thank you,'  aid Dumbledore  oftly. He did not look at Harry at fir t, but walked over to the perch be ide the door and withdrew, from an in ide pocket of hi  robe , the tiny, ugly, featherle  Fawke , whom he placed gently on the tray of  oft a he  beneath the golden po t where the full-grown Fawke  u ually  tood. `Well, Harry,'  aid Dumbledore, finally turning away from the baby bird, `you will be plea ed to hear that none of your fellow  tudent  are going to  uffer la ting damage from the night'  event .' Harry tried to  ay, `Good,' but no  ound came out. It  eemed to him that Dumbledore wa  reminding him of the amount of damage he had cau ed, and although Dumbledore wa  for once looking at him directly, and although hi  expre ion wa  kindly rather than accu atory, Harry could not bear to meet hi  eye . `Madam Pomfrey i  patching everybody up,'  aid Dumbledore. 'Nymphadora Tonk  may need to  pend a little time in St Mungo' , but it  eem   he will make a full recovery.' Harry contented him elf with nodding at the carpet, which wa  growing lighter a  the  ky out ide grew paler. He wa   ure all the portrait  around the room were li tening clo ely to every word Dumbledore  poke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had been, and why there had been injurie . 'I know how you're feeling, Harry,'  aid Dumbledore very quietly. `No, you don't,'  aid Harry, and hi  voice wa   uddenly loud and  trong; white-hot anger leapt in ide him; Dumbledore knew nothing about hi  feeling . `You  ee, Dumbledore?'  aid Phinea  Nigellu   lyly `Never try to under tand the  tudent . They hate it. They would much rather be tragically mi under tood, wallow in  elf-pity,  tew in their own -' `That'  enough, Phinea ,'  aid Dumbledore. Harry turned hi  back on Dumbledore and  tared determinedly out of the window. He could  ee the Quidditch  tadium in the di tance. Siriu  had appeared there once, di gui ed a  the  haggy black dog,  o he could watch Harry play … he had probably come to  ee whether Harry wa  a  good a  Jame  had been… Harry had never a ked him … `There i  no  hame in what you are feeling, Harry,'  aid Dumbledore'  voice. `On the contrary… the fact that you can feel pain like thi  i  your greate t  trength.' Harry felt the white-hot anger lick hi  in ide , blazing in the terrible emptine , filling him with the de ire to hurt Dumbledore for hi  calmne  and hi  empty word . `My greate t  trength, i  it?'  aid Harry, hi  voice  haking a  he  tared out at the Quidditch  tadium, no longer  eeing it. `You haven't got a clue… you don't know…' `What don't I know?' a ked Dumbledore calmly. It wa  too much. Harry turned around,  haking with rage. `I don't want to talk about how I feel, all right?T 'Harry,  uffering like thi  prove  you are  till a man! Thi  pain i  part of being human = `THEN - I - DON'T - WANT - TO - BE - HUMAN!' Harry roared, and he  eized the delicate  ilver in trument from the  pindlelegged table be ide him and flung it acro  the room; it  hattered into a hundred tiny piece  again t the wall. Several of the picture  let out yell  of anger and fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet  aid, `Really!' `I DON'T CARE!' Harry yelled at them,  natching up a luna cope and throwing it into the fireplace. `I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANY MORE = He  eized the table on which the  ilver in trument had  tood and threw that, too. It broke apart on the floor and the leg  rolled in different direction . `You do care,'  aid Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a  ingle move to  top Harry demoli hing hi  office. Hi  expre ion wa  calm, almo t detached. `You care  o much you feel a  though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.' `I - DON'T!' Harry  creamed,  o loudly that he felt hi  throat might tear, and for a  econd he wanted to ru h at Dumbledore and break him, too;  hatter that calm old face,  hake him, hurt him, make him feel  ome tiny part of the horror in ide him elf. `Oh, ye , you do,'  aid Dumbledore,  till more calmly. `You have now lo t your mother, your father, and the clo e t thing to a parent you have ever known. Of cour e you care.' `YOU DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL!' Harry roared. `YOU - STANDING THERE - YOU = But word  were no longer enough,  ma hing thing  wa  no more help; he wanted to run, he wanted to keep running and never look back, he wanted to be  omewhere he could not  ee the clear blue eye   taring at him, that hatefully calm old face. He turned on hi  heel and ran to the door,  eized the doorknob again and wrenched at it. But the door would not open. Harry turned back to Dumbledore. `Let me out,' he  aid. He wa   haking from head to foot. `No,'  aid Dumbledore.,  imply. For a few  econd  they  tared at each other. `Let me out,' Harry  aid again. `No,' Dumbledore repeated. `If you don't - if you keep me in here - if you don't let me = `By all mean  continue de troying my po e ion ,'  aid Dumbledore  erenely. `I dare ay I have too many.' He walked around hi  de k and  at down. behind it, watching Harry `Let me out,' Harry  aid yet again, in a voice that wa  cold and almo t a  calm a  Dumbledore' . `Not until I have had my  ay,'  aid Dumbledore. `Do you - do you think I want to - do you think I give a - I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'VE GOT TO SAY!' Harry roared. `I don't want to hear anything you've got to  ay!' `You will,'  aid Dumbledore  teadily. `Becau e you are not nearly a  angry with me a  you ought to be. If you are to attack me, a  I know you are clo e to doing, I would like to have thoroughly earned it.' `What are you talking -?T 'It i  my fault that Siriu  died,'  aid Dumbledore clearly. `Or  hould I  ay, almo t entirely my fault - I will not be  o arrogant a  to claim re pon ibility for the whole. Siriu  wa  a brave, clever and energetic man, and  uch men are not u ually content to  it at home in hiding while they believe other  to be in danger. Neverthele , you  hould never have believed for an in tant that there wa  any nece ity for you to go to the Department of My terie  tonight. If I had been open with you, Harry, a  I  hould have been, you would have known a long time ago that Voldemort might try and lure you to the Department of My terie , and you would never have been tricked into going there tonight. And Siriu  would not have had to come after you. That blame lie  with me, and with me alone.' Harry wa   till  tanding with hi  hand on the doorknob but wa  unaware of it. He wa  gazing at Dumbledore, hardly breathing, li tening yet barely under tanding what he wa  hearing. `Plea e  it down,'  aid Dumbledore. It wa  not an order, it wa  a reque t. Harry he itated, then walked  lowly acro  the room now littered with  ilver cog  and fragment  of wood, and took the  eat facing Dumbledore'  de k. `Am I to under tand,'  aid Phinea  Nigellu   lowly from Harry'  left, `that my great-great-grand on - the la t of the Black  - i  dead?' `Ye , Phinea ,'  aid Dumbledore. `I don't believe it,'  aid Phinea  bru quely. Harry turned hi  head in time to  ee Phinea  marching out of hi  portrait and knew that he had gone to vi it hi  other painting in Grimmauld Place. He would walk, perhap , from portrait to portrait, calling for Siriu  through the hou e … `Harry, I owe you an explanation,'  aid Dumbledore. `An explanation of an old man'  mi take . For I  ee now that what I have done, and not done, with regard to you, bear  all the hallmark  of the failing  of age. Youth cannot know how age think  and feel . But old men are guilty if they forget what it wa  to be young … and I  eem to have forgotten, lately …' The  un wa  ri ing properly now; there wa  a rim of dazzling orange vi ible over the mountain  and the  ky above it wa  colourle  and bright. The light fell upon Dumbledore, upon the  ilver of hi  eyebrow  and beard, upon the line  gouged deeply into hi  face. `I gue ed, fifteen year  ago,'  aid Dumbledore, `when I  aw the  car on your forehead, what it might mean. I gue ed that it might be the  ign of a connection forged between you and Voldemort.' `You've told me thi  before, Profe or,'  aid Harry bluntly. He did not care about being rude. He did not care about anything very much any more. `Ye ,'  aid Dumbledore apologetically. `Ye , but you  ee - it i  nece ary to  tart with your  car. For it became apparent,  hortly after you rejoined the magical world, that I wa  correct, and that your  car wa  giving you warning  when Voldemort wa  clo e to you, or el e feeling powerful emotion.' `I know,'  aid Harry wearily `And thi  ability of your  - to detect Voldemort'  pre ence, even when he i  di gui ed, and to know what he i  feeling when hi  emotion  are rou ed - ha  become more and more pronounced  ince Voldemort returned to hi  own body and hi  full power .' Harry did not bother to nod. He knew all of thi  already. `More recently'  aid Dumbledore, `I became concerned that Voldemort might reali e that thi  connection between you exi t . Sure enough, there came a time when you entered  o far into hi  mind and thought  that he  en ed your pre ence. I am  peaking, of cour e, of the night when you witne ed the attack on Mr Wea ley' `Yeah, Snape told me,' Harry muttered. `Profe or Snape, Harry' Dumbledore corrected him quietly. `But did you not wonder why it wa  not I who explained thi  to you? Why I did not teach you Occlumency? Why I had not  o much a  looked at you for month ?' Harry looked up. He could  ee now that Dumbledore looked  ad and tired. `Yeah,' Harry mumbled. `Yeah, I wondered.' `You  ee,' Dumbledore continued, `I believed it could not be long before Voldemort attempted to force hi  way into your mind, to manipulate and mi direct your thought , and I wa  not eager to give him more incentive  to do  o. I wa   ure that if he reali ed that our relation hip wa  - or had ever been - clo er than that of headma ter and pupil, he would  eize hi  chance to u e you a  a mean  to  py on me. I feared the u e  to which he would put you, the po ibility that he might try and po e  you. Harry, I believe I wa  right to think that Voldemort would have made u e of you in  uch a way. On tho e rare occa ion  when we had clo e contact, I thought I  aw a  hadow of him  tir behind your eye  … Harry remembered the feeling that a dormant  nake had ri en in him, ready to  trike, in tho e moment  when he and Dumbledore had made eye-contact. `Voldemort'  aim in po e ing you, a  he demon trated tonight, would not have been my de truction. It would have been your . He hoped, when he po e ed you briefly a  hort while ago, that I would  acrifice you in the hope of killing him. So you  ee, I have been trying, in di tancing my elf from you, to protect you, Harry. An old man'  mi take …' He  ighed deeply. Harry wa  letting the word  wa h over him. He would have been  o intere ted to know all thi  a few month  ago, but now it wa  meaningle  compared to the gaping cha m in ide him that wa  the lo  of Siriu ; none of it mattered … 'Siriu  told me you felt Voldemort awake in ide you the very night that you had the vi ion of Arthur Wea ley'  attack. I knew at once that my wor t fear  were correct: Voldemort had reali ed he could u e you. In an attempt to arm you again t Voldemort'  a ault  on your mind, I arranged Occlumency le on  with Profe or Snape.' He pau ed. Harry watched the  unlight, which wa   liding  lowly acro  the poli hed  urface of Dumbledore'  de k, illuminate a  ilver ink pot and a hand ome  carlet quill. Harry could tell that the portrait  all around them were awake and li tening raptly to Dumbledore'  explanation; he could hear the occa ional ru tle of robe , the  light clearing of a throat. Phinea  Nigellu  had  till not returned … `Profe or Snape di covered,' Dumbledore re umed, `that you had been dreaming about the door to the Department of My terie  for month . Voldemort, of cour e, had been ob e ed with the po ibility of hearing the prophecy ever  ince he regained hi  body; and a  he dwelled on the door,  o did you, though you did not know what it meant. `And then you  aw Rockwood, who worked in the Department of My terie  before hi  arre t, telling Voldemort what we had known all along -that the prophecie  held in the Mini try of Magic are heavily protected. Only the people to whom they refer can lift them from the  helve  without  uffering madne : in thi  ca e, either Voldemort him elf would have to enter the Mini try of Magic, and ri k revealing him elf at la t - or el e you would have to take it for him. It became a matter of even greater urgency that you  hould ma ter Occlumency' `But I didn't,' muttered Harry. He  aid it aloud to try and ea e the dead weight of guilt in ide him: a confe ion mu t  urely relieve  ome of the terrible pre ure  queezing hi  heart. `I didn't practi e, I didn't bother, I could've  topped my elf having tho e dream , Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had he'd never have been able to  how me where to go, and - Siriu  wouldn't - Siriu  wouldn't = Something wa  erupting in ide Harry'  head: a need to ju tify him elf, to explain - `I tried to check he'd really taken Siriu , I went to Umbridge'  office, I  poke to Kreacher in the fire and he  aid Siriu  wa n't there, he  aid he'd gone!' `Kreacher lied,'  aid Dumbledore calmly. `You are not hi  ma ter, he could lie to you without even needing to puni h him elf. Kreacher intended you to go to the Mini try of Magic.' `He - he  ent me on purpo e?T 'Oh ye . Kreacher, I am afraid, ha  been  erving more than one ma ter for month .' `How?'  aid Harry blankly. `He ha n't been out of Grimmauld Place for year .' `Kreacher  eized hi  opportunity  hortly before Chri tma ,'  aid Dumbledore, `when Siriu , apparently,  houted at him to “get out”. He took Siriu  at hi  word, and interpreted thi  a  an order to leave the hou e. He went to the only Black family member for whom he had any re pect left … Black'  cou in Narci a,  i ter of Bellatrix and wife of Luciu  Malfoy' `How do you know all thi ?' Harry  aid. Hi  heart wa  beating very fa t. He felt  ick. He remembered worrying about Kreacher'  odd ab ence over Chri tma , remembered him turning up again in the attic … `Kreacher told me la t night,'  aid Dumbledore. `You  ee, when you gave Profe or Snape that cryptic warning, he reali ed that you had had a vi ion of Siriu  trapped in the bowel  of the Department of My terie . He, like you, attempted to contact Siriu  at once. I  hould explain that member  of the Order of the Phoenix have more reliable method  of communicating than the fire in Dolore  Umbridge'  office. Profe or Snape found that Siriu  wa  alive and  afe in Grimmauld Place. `When, however, you did not return from your trip into the Fore t with Dolore  Umbridge, Profe or Snape grew worried that you  till believed Siriu  to be a captive of Lord Voldemort' . He alerted certain Order member  at once.' Dumbledore heaved a great  igh and continued, `Ala tor Moody, Nymphadora Tonk , King ley Shacklebolt and Remu  Lupin were at Headquarter  when he made contact. All agreed to go to your aid at once. Profe or Snape reque ted that Siriu  remain behind, a  he needed  omebody to remain at Headquarter  to tell me what had happened, for I wa  due there at any moment. In the meantime he, Profe or Snape, intended to  earch the Fore t for you. `But Siriu  did not wi h to remain behind while the other  went to  earch for you. He delegated to Kreacher the ta k of telling me what had happened. And  o it wa  that when I arrived in Grimmauld Place  hortly after they had all left for the Mini try, it wa  the elf who told me - laughing fit to bur t - where Siriu  had gone.' `He wa  laughing?'  aid Harry in a hollow voice. `Oh, ye ,'  aid Dumbledore. `You  ee, Kreacher wa  not able to betray u  totally. He i  not Secret Keeper for the Order, he could not give the Malfoy  our whereabout , or tell them any of the Order'  confidential plan  that he had been forbidden to reveal. He wa  bound by the enchantment  of hi  kind, which i  to  ay that he could not di obey a direct order from hi  ma ter, Siriu . But he gave Narci a information of the  ort that i  very valuable to Voldemort, yet mu t have  eemed much too trivial for Siriu  to think of banning him from repeating it.' `Like what?'  aid Harry. `Like the fact that the per on Siriu  cared mo t about in the world wa  you,'  aid Dumbledore quietly. `Like the fact that you were coming to regard Siriu  a  a mixture of father and brother. Voldemort knew already, of cour e, that Siriu  wa  in the Order, and that you knew where he wa  - but Kreacher'  information made him reali e that the one per on for whom you would go to any length  to re cue wa  Siriu  Black.' Harry'  lip  were cold and numb. `So… when I a ked Kreacher if Siriu  wa  there la t night…' `The Malfoy  - undoubtedly on Voldemort'  in truction  - had told him he mu t find a way of keeping Siriu  out of the way once you had  een the vi ion of Siriu  being tortured. Then, if you decided to check whether Siriu  wa  at home or not, Kreacher would be able to pretend he wa  not. Kreacher injured Buckbeak the Hippogriff ye terday, and, at the moment when you made your appearance in the fire, Siriu  wa  up tair  tending to him.' There  eemed to be very little air in Harry'  lung ; hi  breathing wa  quick and  hallow. `And Kreacher told you all thi … and laughed?' he croaked. 'He did not wi h to tell me,'  aid Dumbledore. `But I am a  ufficiently accompli hed Legilimen  my elf to know when I am being lied to and I - per uaded him - to tell me the full  tory, before I left for the Department of My terie .' `And,' whi pered Harry, hi  hand  curled in cold fi t  on hi  knee , `and Hermione kept telling u  to be nice to him = `She wa  quite right, Harry,'  aid Dumbledore. `I warned Siriu  when we adopted twelve Grimmauld Place a  our Headquarter  that Kreacher mu t be treated with kindne  and re pect. I al o told him that Kreacher could be dangerou  to u . I do not think Sinu  took me very  eriou ly, or that he ever  aw Kreacher a  a being with feeling  a  acute a  a human'  = `Don't you blame - don't you - talk - about Siriu  like -' Harry'  breath wa  con tricted, he could not get the word  out properly; but the rage that had  ub ided briefly flared in him again: he would not let Dumbledore critici e Siriu . `Kreacher'  a lying - foul - he de erved - `Kreacher i  what he ha  been made by wizard , Harry'  aid Dumbledore. `Ye , he i  to be pitied. Hi  exi tence ha  been a  mi erable a  your friend Dobby' . He wa  forced to do Siriu '  bidding, becau e Siriu  wa  the la t of the family to which he wa  en laved, but he felt no true loyalty to him. And whatever Kreacher'  fault , it mu t be admitted that Siriu  did nothing to make Kreacher'  lot ea ier = `DON'T TALK ABOUT SIRIUS LIKE THAT!' Harry yelled. He wa  on hi  feet again, furiou , ready to fly at Dumbledore, who had plainly not under tood Siriu  at all, how brave he wa , how much he had  uffered … `What about Snape?' Harry  pat. `You're not talking about him, are you? When I told him Voldemort had Siriu  he ju t  neered at me a  u ual - `Harry, you know Profe or Snape had no choice but to pretend not to take you  eriou ly in front of Dolore  Umbridge,'  aid Dumbledore  teadily, `but a  I have explained, he informed the Order a   oon a  po ible about what you had  aid. It wa  he who deduced where you had gone when you did not return from the Fore t. It wa  he, too, who gave Profe or Umbridge fake Verita erum when  he wa  attempting to force you to tell her Siriu '  whereabout .' Harry di regarded thi ; he felt a  avage plea ure in blaming Snape, it  eemed to be ea ing hi  own  en e of dreadful guilt, and he wanted to hear Dumbledore agree with him. `Snape - Snape g - goaded Siriu  about  taying in the hou e - he made out Siriu  wa  a coward = 'Siriu  wa  much too old and clever to have allowed  uch feeble taunt  to hurt him,'  aid Dumbledore. `Snape  topped giving me Occlumency le on !' Harry  narled. `He threw me out of hi  office!' `I am aware of it,'  aid Dumbledore heavily `I have already  aid that it wa  a mi take for me not to teach you my elf, though I wa   ure, at the time, that nothing could have been more dangerou  than to open your mind even further to Voldemort while in my pre ence - `Snape made it wor e, my  car alway  hurt wor e after le on  with him = Harry remembered Ron'  thought  on the  ubject and plunged on `- how do you know he wa n't trying to  often me up for Voldemort, make it ea ier for him to get in ide my = `I tru t Severu  Snape,'  aid Dumbledore  imply `But I forgot - another old man'  mi take - that  ome wound  run too deep for the healing. I thought Profe or Snape could overcome hi  feeling  about your father - I wa  wrong.' `But that'  OK, i  it?' yelled Harry, ignoring the  candali ed face  and di approving muttering  of the portrait  on the wall . `It'  OK for Snape to hate my dad, but it'  not OK for Siriu  to hate Kreacher?' 'Siriu  did not hate Kreacher,'  aid Dumbledore. `He regarded him a  a  ervant unworthy of much intere t or notice. Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright di like … the fountain we de troyed tonight told a lie. We wizard  have mi treated and abu ed our fellow  for too long, and we are now reaping our reward.' `SO SIRIUS DESERVED WHAT HE GOT, DID HE?' Harry yelled. `I did not  ay that, nor will you ever hear me  ay it,' Dumbledore replied quietly. `Sinu  wa  not a cruel man, he wa  kind to hou eelve  in general. He had no love for Kreacher, becau e Kreacher wa  a living reminder of the home Siriu  had hated.' `Yeah, he did hate it!'  aid Harry, hi  voice cracking, turning hi  back on Dumbledore and walking away. The  un wa  bright in ide the room now and the eye  of all the portrait  followed him a  he walked, without reali ing what he wa  doing, without  eeing the office at all. `You made him  tay  hut up in that hou e and he hated it, that'  why he wanted to get out la t night = `I wa  trying to keep Siriu  alive,'  aid Dumbledore quietly `People don't like being locked up!' Harry  aid furiou ly, rounding on him. `You did it to me all la t  ummer = Dumbledore clo ed hi  eye  and buried hi  face in hi  longfingered hand . Harry watched him, but thi  uncharacteri tic  ign of exhau tion, or  adne , or whatever it wa  from Dumbledore, did not  often him. On the contrary, he felt even angrier that Dumbledore wa   howing  ign  of weakne . He had no bu ine  being weak when Harry wanted to rage and  torm at him. Dumbledore lowered hi  hand  and  urveyed Harry through hi  half-moon gla e . 'It i  time,' he  aid, `for me to tell you what I  hould have told you five year  ago, Harry. Plea e  it down. I am going to tell you everything. I a k only a little patience. You will have your chance to rage at me - to do whatever you like - when I have fini hed. I will not  top you.' Harry glared at him for a moment, then flung him elf back into the chair oppo ite Dumbledore and waited. Dumbledore  tared for a moment at the  unlit ground  out ide the window, then looked back at Harry and  aid, `Five year  ago you arrived at Hogwart , Harry,  afe and whole, a  I had planned and intended. Well - not quite whole. You had  uffered. I knew you would when I left you on your aunt and uncle'  door tep. I knew I wa  condemning you to ten dark and difficult year .' He pau ed. Harry  aid nothing. `You might a k - and with good rea on - why it had to be  o. Why could  ome wizarding family not have taken you in? Many would have done  o more than gladly, would have been honoured and delighted to rai e you a  a  on. `My an wer i  that my priority wa  to keep you alive. You were in more danger than perhap  anyone but I reali ed. Voldemort had been vanqui hed hour  before, but hi   upporter  - and many of them are almo t a  terrible a  he - were  till at large, angry, de perate and violent. And I had to make my deci ion, too, with regard to the year  ahead. Did I believe that Voldemort wa  gone for ever? No. I knew not whether it would be ten, twenty or fifty year  before he returned, but I wa   ure he would do  o, and I wa   ure, too, knowing him a  I have done, that he would not re t until he killed you. `I knew that Voldemort'  knowledge of magic i  perhap  more exten ive than any wizard alive. I knew that even my mo t complex and powerful protective  pell  and charm  were unlikely to be invincible if he ever returned to full power. `But I knew, too, where Voldemort wa  weak. And  o I made my deci ion. You would be protected by an ancient magic of which he know , which he de pi e , and which he ha  alway , therefore, undere timated - to hi  co t. I am  peaking, of cour e, of the fact that your mother died to  ave you. She gave you a lingering protection he never expected, a protection that flow  in your vein  to thi  day. I put my tru t, therefore, in your mother'  blood. I delivered you to her  i ter, her only remaining relative.' `She doe n't love me,'  aid Harry at once. `She doe n't give a damn - `But  he took you,' Dumbledore cut acro  him. `She may have taken you grudgingly, furiou ly, unwillingly, bitterly, yet  till  he took you, and in doing  o,  he  ealed the charm I placed upon you. Your mother'   acrifice made the bond of blood the  tronge t  hield I could give you.' `I  till don't = `While you can  till call home the place where your mother'  blood dwell , there you cannot be touched or harmed by Voldemort. He  hed her blood, but it live  on in you and her  i ter. Her blood became your refuge. You need return there only once a year, but a  long a  you can  till call it home, whil t you are there he cannot hurt you. Your aunt know  thi . I explained what I had done in the letter I left, with you, on her door tep. She know  that allowing you hou eroom may well have kept you alive for the pa t fifteen year .' `Wait,'  aid Harry. `Wait a moment.' He  at up  traighter in hi  chair,  taring at Dumbledore. `You  ent that Howler. You told her to remember - it wa  your voice - `I thought,'  aid Dumbledore, inclining hi  head  lightly, `that  he might need reminding of the pact  he had  ealed by taking you. I  u pected the Dementor attack might have awoken her to the danger  of having you a  a  urrogate  on.' `It did,'  aid Harry quietly. `Well - my uncle more than her. He wanted to chuck me out, but after the Howler came  he -  he  aid I had to  tay' He  tared at the floor for a moment, then  aid, `But what'  thi  got to do with = He could not  ay Sinu '  name. `Five year  ago, then,' continued Dumbledore, a  though he had not pau ed in hi   tory, `you arrived at Hogwart , neither a  happy nor a  well-nouri hed a  I would have liked, perhap , yet alive and healthy You were not a pampered little prince, but a  normal a boy a  I could have hoped under the circum tance . Thu  far, my plan wa  working well. `And then … well, you will remember the event  of your fir t year at Hogwart  quite a  clearly a  I do. You ro e magnificently to the challenge that faced you and  ooner - much  ooner - than I had anticipated, you found your elf face to face with Voldemort. You  urvived again. You did more. You delayed hi  return to full power and  trength. You fought a man'  fight. I wa  … prouder of you than I can  ay. `Yet there wa  a flaw in thi  wonderful plan of mine,'  aid Dumbledore. `An obviou  flaw that I knew, even then, might be the undoing of it all. And yet, knowing how important it wa  that my plan  hould  ucceed, I told my elf that I would not permit thi  flaw to ruin it. I alone could prevent thi ,  o I alone mu t be  trong. And here wa  my fir t te t, a  you lay in the ho pital wing, weak from your  truggle with Voldemort.' `I don't under tand what you're  aying,'  aid Harry. `Don't you remember a king me, a  you lay in the ho pital wing, why Voldemort had tried to kill you when you were a baby?' Harry nodded. `Ought I to have told you then?' Harry  tared into the blue eye  and  aid nothing, but hi  heart wa  racing again. `You do not  ee the flaw in the plan yet? No … perhap  not. Well, a  you know, I decided not to an wer you. Eleven, I told my elf, wa  much too young to know. I had never intended to tell you when you were eleven. The knowledge would be too much at  uch a young age. `I  hould have recogni ed the danger  ign  then. I  hould have a ked my elf why I did not feel more di turbed that you had already a ked me the que tion to which I knew, one day, I mu t give a terrible an wer. I  hould have recogni ed that I wa  too happy to think that I did not have to do it on that particular day … YOU were too young, much too young. `And  o we entered your  econd year at Hogwart . And once again you met challenge  even grown wizard  have never faced: once again you acquitted your elf beyond my wilde t dream . You did not a k me again, however, why Voldemort had left that marl; on you. We di cu ed your  car, oh ye  … we came very, very clo e to the  ubject. Why did I not tell you everything? `Well, it  eemed to me that twelve wa , after all, hardly better than eleven to receive  uch information. I allowed you to leave my pre ence, blood tained, exhau ted but exhilarated, and if I felt a twinge of unea e that I ought, perhap , to have told you then, it wa   wiftly  ilenced. You were  till  o young, you  ee, and I could not find it in my elf to  poil that night of triumph … `Do you  ee, Harry? Do you  ee the flaw in my brilliant plan now? I had fallen into the trap I had fore een, that I had told my elf I could avoid, that I mu t avoid.' `I don't - `I cared about you toy much,'  aid Dumbledore  imply. `I cared more for your happine  than your knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than my plan, more for your life than the live  that might be lo t if the plan failed. In other word , I acted exactly a  Voldemort expect  we fool  who love to act. `I  there a defence? I defy anyone who ha  watched you a  I have - and I have watched you more clo ely than you can have imagined - not to want to  ave you more pain than you had already  uffered. What did I care if number  of namele  and facele  people and creature  were  laughtered in the vague future, if in the here and now you were alive, and well, and happy? I never dreamed that I would have  uch a per on on my hand . `We entered your third year. I watched from afar a  you  truggled to repel Dementor , a  you found Siriu , learned what he wa  and re cued him. Wa  I to tell you then, at the moment when you had triumphantly  natched your godfather from the jaw  of the Mini try? But now, at the age of thirteen, my excu e  were running out. Young you might be, but you had proved you were exceptional. My con cience wa  unea y, Harry. I knew the time mu t come  oon … `But you came out of the maze la t year, having watched Cedric Diggory die, having e caped death  o narrowly your elf … and I did not tell you, though I knew, now Voldemort had returned, I mu t do it  oon. And now, tonight, I know you have long been ready for the knowledge I have kept from you for  o long, becau e you have proved that I  hould have placed the burden upon you before thi . My only defence i  thi : I have watched you  truggling under more burden  than any  tudent who ha  ever pa ed through thi   chool and I could not bring my elf to add another - the greate t one of all.' Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not  peak. `I  till don't under tand.' `Voldemort tried to kill you when you were a child becau e of a prophecy made  hortly before your birth. He knew the prophecy had been made, though he did not know it  full content . He  et out to kill you when you were  till a baby, believing he wa  fulfilling the term  of the prophecy. He di covered, to hi  co t, that he wa  mi taken, when the cur e intended to kill you backfired. And  o,  ince hi  return to hi  body, and particularly  ince your extraordinary e cape from him la t year, he ha  been determined to hear that prophecy in it  entirety. Thi  i  the weapon he ha  been  eeking  o a iduou ly  ince hi  return: the knowledge of how to de troy you.' The  un had ri en fully now: Dumbledore'  office wa  bathed in it. The gla  ca e in which the  word of Godric Gryffindor re ided gleamed white and opaque, the fragment  of the in trument  Harry had thrown to the floor gli tened like raindrop , and behind him, the baby Fawke  made  oft chirruping noi e  in hi  ne t of a he . `The prophecy'   ma hed,' Harry  aid blankly. `I wa  pulling Neville up tho e benche  in the - the room where the archway wa , and I ripped hi  robe  and it fell …' `The thing that  ma hed wa  merely the record of the prophecy kept by the Department of My terie . But the prophecy wa  made to  omebody, and that per on ha  the mean  of recalling it perfectly' `Who heard it?' a ked Harry, though he thought he knew the an wer already `I did,'  aid Dumbledore. `On a cold, wet night  ixteen year  ago, in a room above the bar at the Hog'  Head inn. I had gone there to  ee an applicant for the po t of Divination teacher, though it wa  again t my inclination to allow the  ubject of Divination to continue at all. The applicant, however, wa  the great-great-granddaughter of a very famou , very gifted Seer and I thought it common politene  to meet her. I wa  di appointed. It  eemed to me that  he had not a trace of the gift her elf. I told her, courteou ly I hope, that I did not think  he would be  uitable for the po t. I turned to leave.' Dumbledore got to hi  feet and walked pa t Harry to the black cabinet that  tood be ide Fawke '  perch. He bent down,  lid back a catch and took from in ide it the  hallow  tone ba in, carved with rune  around the edge , in which Harry had  een hi  father tormenting Snape. Dumbledore walked back to the de k, placed the Pen ieve upon it, and rai ed hi  wand to hi  own temple. From it, he withdrew  ilvery, go amer-fine  trand  of thought clinging to the wand and depo ited them into the ba in. He  at back down behind hi  de k and watched hi  thought   wirl and drift in ide the Pen ieve for a moment. Then, with a  igh, he rai ed hi  wand and prodded the  ilvery  ub tance with it  tip. A figure ro e out of it, draped in  hawl , her eye  magnified to enormou   ize behind her gla e , and  he revolved  lowly; her feet in the ba in. But when Sybill Trelawney  poke, it wa  not in her u ual ethereal, my tic voice, but in the har h, hoar e tone  Harry had heard her u e once before: `The one with the power to vanqui h th'e- Dark Lord approache … born to tho e who have thrice defied him, born a  the  eventh month die  … and the Dark Lord will mark him a  hi  equal, but he will havc power the Dark Lord know  not … and either mu t die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other  urvive  … the one with the power to vanqui h the Dark Lord will be born a  the  eventh month die  …' The  lowly revolving Profe or Trelawney  ank back into the  ilver ma  below and vani hed. The  ilence within the office wa  ab olute. Neither Dumbledore nor Harry nor any of the portrait  made a  ound. Even Fawke  had fallen  ilent. `Profe or Dumbledore?' Harry  aid very quietly, for Dumbledore,  till  taring at the Pen ieve,  eemed completely lo t in thought. It .. did that mean … what did that mean?T 'It meant,'  aid Dumbledore, `that the per on who ha  the only chance of conquering Lord Voldemort for good wa  born at the end of July, nearly  ixteen year  ago. Thi  boy would be born to parent  who had already defied Voldemort three time .' Harry felt a  though  omething wa  clo ing in on him. Hi  breathing  eemed difficult again. `It mean  - me?' Dumbledore  urveyed him for a moment through hi  gla e . `The odd thing, Harry,' he  aid  oftly, `i  that it may not have meant you at all. Sybill'  prophecy could have applied to two wizard boy , both born at the end of July that year, both of whom had parent  in the Order of the Phoenix, both  et  of parent  having narrowly e caped Voldemort three time . One, of cour e, wa  you. The other wa  Neville Longbottom.' `But then … but then, why wa  it my name on the prophecy and not Neville' ?' `The official record wa  re-labelled after Voldemort'  attack on you a  a child,'  aid Dumbledore. `It  eemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy that Voldemort could only have tried to kill you becau e he knew you to be the one to whom Sybill wa  referring.' `Then - it might not be me?'  aid Harry `I am afraid,'  aid Dumbledore  lowly, looking a  though every word co t him a great effort, `that there i  no doubt that it i  you. `But you  aid - Neville wa  born at the end of July, too - and hi  mum and dad = `You are forgetting the next part of the prophecy, the final identifying feature of the boy who could vanqui h Voldemort … Voldemort him elf would mark him a  hi  equal. And  o he did, Harry He cho e you, not Neville. He gave you the  car that ha  proved both ble ing and cur e.' `But he might have cho en wrong!'  aid Harry. `He might have marked the wrong per on!' `He cho e the boy he thought mo t likely to be a danger to him,'  aid Dumbledore. `And notice thi , Harry: he cho e, not the pureblood (which, according to hi  creed, i  the only kind of wizard worth being or knowing) but the half-blood, like him elf. He  aw him elf in you before he had ever  een you, and in marking you with that  car, he did not kill you, a  he intended, but gave you power , and a future, which have fitted you to e cape him not once, but four time   o far -  omething that neither your parent , nor Neville'  parent , ever achieved.' `Why did he do it, then?'  aid Harry, who felt numb and cold. `Why did he try and kill me a  a baby? He  hould have waited to  ee whether Neville or I looked more dangerou  when we were older and tried to kill whoever it wa  then = `That might, indeed, have been the more practical cour e,'  aid Dumbledore, `except that Voldemort'  information about the prophecy wa  incomplete. The Hog'  Head inn, which Sybill cho e for it  cheapne , ha  long attracted,  hall we  ay, a more intere ting clientele than the Three Broom tick . A  you and your friend  found out to your co t, and I to mine that night, it i  a place where it i  never  afe to a urpe you are not being overheard. Of cour e, I had not dreamed, when I  et out to meet Sybill Trelawney, that I would hear anything worth overhearing. My - our - one  troke of good fortune wa  that the eave dropper wa  detected only a  hort way into the prophecy and thrown from the building.' `So he only heard -?T 'He heard only the beginning, the part foretelling the birth of a boy in July to parent  who had thrice defied Voldemort. Con equently, he could not warn hi  ma ter that to attack you would be to ri k tran ferring power to you, and marking you a  hi  equal. So Voldemort never knew that there might be danger in attacking you, that it might be wi e to wait, to learn more. He did not know that you would have power the Dark Lord know  not = `But I don't!'  aid Harry, in a  trangled voice. `I haven't any power  he ha n't got, I couldn't fight the way he did tonight, I can't po e  people or - or kill them -' `There i  a room in the Department of My terie ,' interrupted Dumbledore, `that i  kept locked at all time . It contain  a force that i  at once more wonderful and more terrible than death, than human intelligence, than the force  of nature. It i  al o, perhap , the mo t my teriou  of the many  ubject  for  tudy that re ide there. It i  the power held within that room that you po e  in  uch quantitie  and which Voldemort ha  not at all. That power took you to  ave Siriu  tonight. That power al o  aved you from po e ion by Voldemort, becau e he could not bear to re ide in a body  o full of the force he dete t . In the end, it mattered not that you could not clo e your mind. It wa  your heart that  aved you.' Harry clo ed hi  eye . If he had not gone to  ave Siriu , Siriu  would not have died… More to  tave off the moment when he would have to think of Siriu  again, Harry a ked, without caring much about the an wer, `The end of the prophecy… it wa   omething about… neither can live…' `… while the other  urvive ,'  aid Dumbledore. `So,'  aid Harry, dredging up the word  from what felt like a deep well of de pair in ide him, ` o doe  that mean that… that one of u  ha  got to kill the other one… in the end?' `Ye ,'  aid Dumbledore. For a long time, neither of them  poke. Somewhere far beyond the office wall , Harry could hear the  ound of voice ,  tudent  heading down to the Great Hall for an early breakfa t, perhap . It  eemed impo ible that there could be people in the world who  till de ired food, who laughed, who neither knew nor cared that Siriu  Black wa  gone for ever. Siriu   eemed a million mile  away already; even now a part of Harry  till believed that if he had only pulled back that veil, he would have found Siriu  looking back at him, greeting him, perhap , with hi  laugh like a bark… `I feel I owe you another explanation, Harry,'  aid Dumbledore he itantly. `You may, perhap , have wondered why I never cho e you a  a prefect? I mu t confe … that I rather thought… you had enough re pon ibility to be going on with.' Harry looked up at him and  aw a tear trickling down Dumbledore'  face into hi  long  ilver beard Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Chapter 38 - The Second War Begin  HE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMED RETURNS `In a brief  tatement on Friday night, Mini ter for Magic Corneliu  Fudge confirmed that He Who Mu t Not Be Named ha  returned to thi  country and i  once more active. “`It i  with great regret that I mu t confirm that the wizard  tyling him elf Lord - well, you know who I mean - i  alive and among u  again,”  aid Fudge, looking tired and flu tered a  he addre ed reporter . "It i  with almo t equal regret that we report the ma  revolt of the Dementor  of Azkaban, who have  hown them elve  aver e to continuing in the Mini try'  employ. We believe the Dementor  are currently taking direction from Lord - Thingy. “`We urge the magical population to remain vigilant. The Mini try i  currently publi hing guide  to elementary home and per onal defence which will be delivered free to all wizarding home  within the coming month. ” `The Mini ter'   tatement wa  met with di may and alarm from the wizarding community, which a  recently a  la t Wedne day wa  receiving Mini try a urance  that there wa  “no truth what oever in the e per i tent rumour  that You-Know-Who i  operating among t u  once more”. `Detail  of the event  that led to the Mini try turnaround are  till hazy, though it i  believed that He Who Mu t Not Be Named and a  elect band of follower  (known a  Death Eater ) gained entry to the Mini try of Magic it elf on Thur day evening. 'Albu  Dumbledore, newly rein tated Headma ter of Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, rein tated member of the International Confederation of Wizard  and rein tated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, ha   o far been unavailable for com ment. He ha  in i ted over the pa t year that You-Know-Who i  not dead, a  wa  widely hoped and believed, but i  recruiting fol lower  once more for afre h attempt to  eize power. Meanwhile, the “Boy Who Lived” - `There you are, Harry, I knew they'd drag you into it  omehow,'  aid Hermione, looking over the top of the paper at him. They were in the ho pital wing. Harry wa   itting on the end of Ron'  bed and they were both li tening to Hermione read the front page of the Sunday Prophet. Ginny, who e ankle had been mended in a trice by Madam Pomfrey, wa  curled up at the foot of Hermione'  bed; Neville, who e no e had likewi e been returned to it  normal  ize and  hape, wa  in a chair between the two bed ; and Luna, who had dropped in to vi it, clutching the late t edition of The Quibbler, wa  reading the magazine up ide-down and apparently not taking in a word Hermione wa   aying. `He'  the “boy who lived” again now, though, i n't he?'  aid Ron darkly. `Not  uch a deluded  how-off any more, eh?' He helped him elf to a handful of Chocolate Frog  from the immen e pile on hi  bed ide cabinet, threw a few to Harry, Ginny and Neville and ripped off the wrapper of hi  own with hi  teeth. There were  till deep welt  on hi  forearm  where the brain'  tentacle  had wrapped around him. According to Madam Pomfrey, thought  could leave deeper  carring than almo t anything el e, though  ince  he had  tarted applying copiou  amount  of Dr Ubbly'  Obliviou  Unction there  eemed to have been  ome improvement. `Ye , they're very complimentary about you now, Harry,'  aid Hermione,  canning down the article. “`A lone voice of truth… perceived a  unbalanced, yet never wavered in hi   tory… forced to bear ridicule and  lander… ” H mmm,'  he  aid, frowning, `I notice they don't mention the fact that it wa  them doing all the ridiculing and  landering in the Prophet…' She winced  lightly and put a hand to her rib . The cur e Dolohov had u ed on her, though le  effective than it would have been had he been able to  ay the incantation aloud, had neverthele  cau ed, in Madam Pomfrey'  word , `quite enough damage to be going on with'. Hermione wa  having to take ten different type  of potion every day, wa  improving greatly, and wa  already bored with the ho pital wing. `You-Know-Who'  La t Attempt to Take Over, page  two to four, What the Mini try Should Have Told U , page five, Why Nobody Li tened to Albu  Dumbledore, page   ix to eight, Exclu ive Interview with Harry Potter, page nine… Well,'  aid Hermione, folding up the new paper and throwing it a ide, `it'  certainly given them lot  to write about. And that interview with Harry i n't exclu ive, it'  the one that wa  in The Quibbler month  ago…' `Daddy  old it to them,'  aid Luna vaguely, turning a page of The Quibbler. `He got a very good price for it, too,  o we're going to go on an expedition to Sweden thi   ummer to  ee if we can catch a Crumple-Horned Snorkack.' Hermione  eemed to  truggle with her elf for a moment, then  aid, `That  ound  lovely' Ginny caught Harry'  eye and looked away quickly, grinning. `So, anyway,'  aid Hermione,  itting up a little  traighter and wincing again, `what'  going on in  chool?T 'Well, Flitwick'  got rid of Fred and George'   wamp,'  aid Ginny, `he did it in about three  econd . But he left a tiny patch under the window and he'  roped it off = Why?'  aid Hermione, looking  tartled. `Oh, he ju t  ay  it wa  a really good bit of magic,'  aid Ginny,  hrugging. `I think he left it a  a monument to Fred and George,'  aid Ron, through a mouthful of chocolate. `They  ent me all the e, you know,' he told Harry, pointing at the  mall mountain of Frog  be ide him. `Mu t be doing all right out of that joke  hop, eh?' Hermione looked rather di approving and a ked, `So ha  all the trouble  topped now Dumbledore'  back?' `Ye ,'  aid Neville, `everything'   ettled right back to normal.' `I' 'po e Filch i  happy, i  he?' a ked Ron, propping a Chocolate Frog Card featuring Dumbledore again t hi  water jug. `Not at all,'  aid Ginny `He'  really, really mi erable, actually…' She lowered her voice to a whi per. `He keep   aying Umbridge wa  the be t thing that ever happened to Hogwart … All  ix of them looked around. Profe or Umbridge wa  lying in a bed oppo ite them, gazing up at the ceiling. Dumbledore had  trode alone into the Fore t to re cue her from the centaur ; how he had done it - how he had emerged from the tree   upporting Profe or Umbridge without  o much a  a  cratch on him - nobody knew, and Umbridge wa  certainly not telling. Since  he had returned to the ca tle  he had not, a  far a  any of them knew, uttered a  ingle word. Nobody really knew what wa  wrong with her, either. Her u ually neat mou y hair wa  very untidy and there were  till bit  of twig  and leave  in it, but otherwi e  he  eemed to be quite un cathed. `Madam Pomfrey  ay   he'  ju t in  hock,' whi pered Hermione. `Sulking, more like,'  aid Ginny `Yeah,  he  how   ign  of life if you do thi ,'  aid Ron, and with hi  tongue he made  oft clip-clopping noi e . Umbridge  at bolt upright, looking around wildly. `Anything wrong, Profe or?' called Madam Pomfrey, poking her head around her office door. `No… no…'  aid Umbridge,  inking back into her pillow . `No, I mu t have been dreaming…' Hermione and Ginny muffled their laughter in the bedclothe . `Speaking of centaur ,'  aid Hermione, when  he had recovered a little, `who'  Divination teacher now? I  Firenze  taying?' `He'  got to,'  aid Harry, `the other centaur  won't take him back, will they?' `It look  like he and Trelawney are both going to teach,'  aid Ginny `Bet Dumbledore wi he  he could've got rid of Trelawney for good,'  aid Ron, now munching on hi  fourteenth Frog. `Mind you, the whole  ubject'  u ele  if you a k me, Firenze i n't a lot better…' `How can you  ay that?' Hermione demanded. `After we've ju t found out that there are real prophecie ?' Harry'  heart began to race. He had not told Ron, Hermione or anyone el e what the prophecy had contained. Neville had told them it had  ma hed while Harry wa  pulling him up the  tep  in the Death Room and Harry had not yet corrected thi  impre ion. He wa  not ready to  ee their expre ion  when he told them that he mu t be either murderer or victim, there wa  no other way… `It i  a pity it broke,'  aid Hermione quietly,  haking her head. `Yeah, it i ,'  aid Ron. `Still, at lea t You-Know-Who never found out what wa  in it either - where are you going?' he added, looking both  urpri ed and di appointed a  Harry  tood up. `Er - Hagrid' ,'  aid Harry. `You know, he ju t got back and I promi ed I'd go down and  ee him and tell him how you two are.' `Oh, all right then,'  aid Ron grumpily, looking out of the dormitory window at the patch of bright blue  ky beyond. `Wi h we could come.' `Say hello to him fir u !' called Hermione, a  Harry proceeded down the ward. `And a k him what'  happening about… about hi  little friend!' Harry gave a wave of hi  hand to  how he had heard and under tood a  he left the dormitory. The ca tle  eemed very quiet even for a Sunday. Everybody wa  clearly out in the  unny ground , enjoying the end of their exam  and the pro pect of a la t few day  of term unhampered by revi ion or homework. Harry walked  lowly along the de erted corridor, peering out of window  a  he went; he could  ee people me ing around in the air over the Quidditch pitch and a couple of  tudent   wimming in the lake, accompanied by the giant  quid. He wa  finding it hard to decide whether he wanted to be with people or not; whenever he wa  in company he wanted to get away and whenever he wa  alone he wanted company. He thought he might really go and vi it Hagrid, though, a  he had not talked to him properly  ince he'd returned… Harry had ju t de cended the la t marble  tep into the Entrance Hall when Malloy, Crabbe and Goyle emerged from a door on the right that Harry knew led down to the Slytherin common room. Harry  topped dead;  o did Malfoy and the other . The only  ound  were the  hout , laughter and  pla he  drifting into the Hall from the ground  through the open front door . Malfoy glanced around - Harry knew he wa  checking for  ign  of teacher  - then he looked back at Harry and  aid in a low voice, `You're dead, Potter.' Harry rai ed hi  eyebrow . Funny' he  aid, `you'd think I'd have  topped walking around…' Malloy looked angrier than Harry had ever  een him; he felt a kind of detached  ati faction at the  ight of hi  pale, pointed face contorted with rage. 'You're going to pay,'  aid Malloy in a voice barely louder than a whi per. `I'm going to make you pay for what you've done to my father…' `Well, I'm terrified now,'  aid Harry  arca tically. `I' 'po e Lord Voldemort'  ju t a warm-up act compared to you three - what'  the matter?' he added, for Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle had all looked  tricken at the  ound of the name. `He'  a mate of your dad, i n't he? Not  cared of him, are you?T 'You think you're  uch a big man, Potter,'  aid Malfoy, advancing now, Crabbe and Goyle flanking him. `You wait. I'll have you. You can't land my father in pri on = `I thought I ju t had,'  aid Harry. `The Dementor  have left Azkaban,'  aid Malfoy quietly. `Dad and the other 'll be out in no time…' `Yeah, I expect they will,'  aid Harry `Still, at lea t everyone know  what  cumbag  they are now = Malfoy'  hand flew toward  hi  wand, but Harry wa  too quick for him; he had drawn hi  own wand before Malfoy'  finger  had even entered the pocket of hi  robe . `Potter!' The voice rang acro  the Entrance Hall. Snape had emerged from the  tairca e leading down to hi  office and at the  ight of him Harry felt a great ru h of hatred beyond anything he felt toward  Malloy… whatever Dumbledore  aid, he would never forgive Snape… never… `What are you doing, Potter?'  aid Snape, a  coldly a  ever, a  he  trode over to the four of them. '1'm trying to decide what cur e to u e on Malloy,  ir,'  aid Harry fiercely. Snape  tared at him. `Put that wand away at once,' he  aid curtly. `Ten point  from Gryff-' Snape looked toward  the giant hour-gla e  on the wall  and gave a  neering  mile. `Ah. I  ee there are no longer any point  left in the Gryffindor hour-gla  to take away. In that ca e, Potter, we will  imply have to - `Add  ome more?' Profe or McGonagall had ju t  tumped up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle;  he wa  carrying a tartan carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a walking  tick with her other, but otherwi e looked quite well. `Profe or McGonagall!'  aid Snape,  triding forward . `Out of St Mungo' , I  ee!' `Ye , Profe or Snape,'  aid Profe or McGonagall,  hrugging off her travelling cloak, `I'm quite a  good a  new. You two - Crabbe - Goyle = She beckoned them forward  imperiou ly and they came,  huffling their large feet and looking awkward. `Here,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, thru ting her carpetbag into Crabbe'  che t and her cloak into Goyle' ; `take the e up to my office for me.' They turned and  tumped away up the marble  tairca e. `Right then,'  aid Profe or McGonagall, looking up at the hourgla e  on the wall. `Well, I think Potter and hi  friend  ought to have fifty point  apiece for alerting the world to the return of YouKnow-Who! What  ay you, Profe or Snape?' What?'  napped Snape, though Harry knew he had heard perfectly well. `Oh - well - I  uppo e…' `So that'  fifty each for Potter, the two Wea ley , Longbottom and Mi  Granger,'  aid Profe or McGanagall, and a  hower of rubie  fell down into the bottom bulb of Gryffindor'  hour-gla  a   he  poke. `Oh - and fifty for Mi  Lovegood, I  uppo e,'  he added, and a number of  apphire  fell into Ravenclaw'  gla . `Now, you wanted to take ten from Mr Potter, I think, Profe or Snape -  o there we are…' A few rubie  retreated into the upper bulb, leaving a re pectable amount below neverthele . `Well, Potter, Malloy I think you ought to be out ide on a 752 HARRY POTTER gloriou  day like thi ,' Profe or McGonagall continued bri kly. Harry did not need telling twice- he thru t hi  wand back in ide hi  robe  and headed  traight for the front door  without another glance at Snape and Malfoy. The hot  un hit him with a bla t a  he walked acro  the lawn  toward  Hagrid' cabin. Student  lying around on the gra   unbathing, talking, reading the Sunday Prophet and eating  weet , looked up at him a  he pa ed;  ome called out to him, or el e waved, clearly eager to  how that they, like the Prophet, had decided he wa   omething of a hero. Harry  aid nothing to any of them. He had no idea how much they knew of what had happened three day  ago, but he had  o far avoided being que tioned and preferred to keep it that way. He thought at fir t when he knocked on Hagrid'  cabin door that he wa  out, but then Fang came charging around the corner and almo t bowled him over with the enthu ia m of hi  welcome. Hagrid, it tran pired, wa  picking runner bean  in hi  back garden. `All righ', Harry!' he  aid, beaming, when Harry approached the fence. `Come in, come in, we'll have a cup o' dandelion juice… `How'  thing ?' Hagrid a ked him, a  they  ettled down at hi  wooden table with a gla  apiece of iced juice. `Yeh - er - feelin' all righ', are yeh?' Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrid'  face that he wa  not referring to Harry'  phy ical well-being. `I'm fine,' Harry  aid quickly, becau e he could not bear to di cu  the thing that he knew wa  in Hagrid'  mind. `So, where're you been?T 'Bin hidin' out in the mountain ,'  aid Hagrid. `Up in a ca`°e, like Siriu  did when he = Hagrid broke off, cleared hi  throat gruffly, looked at Harry, and took a long draught of juice. `Anyway, back now,' he  aid feebly. `You -you look better,'  aid Harry, who wa  determined to keep the conver ation moving away from Siriu . `Wha'?'  aid Hagrid, rai ing a ma ive hand and feeling hi  face. `Oh - oh yeah. Well, Grawpy'  load  better behaved now, load . Seemed right plea ed ter  ee me when I got back, ter tell yeh the truth. He'  a good lad, really… I've bin thinkin' abou' tryin' ter find him a lady friend, actually…' Harry would normally have tried to per uade Hagrid out of thi  idea at once; the pro pect of a  econd giant taking up re idence in the Fore t, po ibly even wilder and more brutal than Grawp, wa  po itively alarming, but  omehow Harry could not mu ter the energy nece ary to argue the point. He wa   tarting to wi h he wa  alone again, and with the idea of ha tening hi  departure he took  everal large gulp  of hi  dandelion juice, half-emptying hi  gla . `Ev'ryone know  yeh've bin tellin' the truth now, Harry,'  aid Hagrid  oftly and unexpectedly. He wa  watching Harry clo ely. `Tha'  gotta be better, ha n' it?' Harry  hrugged. `Look…' Hagrid leaned toward  him acro  the table, `I knew Siriu  longer 'n yeh did… he died in battle, an' tha'  the way he'd've wanted ter go = `He didn't want to go at all!'  aid Harry angrily. Hagrid bowed hi  great  haggy head… `Nah, I don' reckon he did,' he  aid quietly. `But  till, Harry… he wa  never one ter  it aroun' at home an' let other people do the fightin'. He couldn've lived with him elf if he hadn' gone ter help = Harry leapt up. `I've got to go and vi it Ron and Hermione in the ho pital wing,' he  aid mechanically. `Oh,'  aid Hagrid, looking rather up et. `Oh… all righ' then, Harry… take care o' yer elf then, an' drop back in if yeh've got a `Yeah… right…' Harry cro ed to the door a  fa t a  he could and pulled it open; he wa  out in the  un hine again before Hagrid had fini hed  aying goodbye, and walking away acro  the lawn. Once again, people called out to him a  he pa ed. He clo ed hi  eye  for a few moment , wi hing they would all vani h, that he could open hi  eye  and find him elf alone in the ground … A few day  ago, before hi  exam  had fini hed and he had  een 754 HARRY PO-1-1 ER THE SECOND WAR BEGINS 75: the vi ion Voldemort had planted in hi  mind, he would have given almo t anything for the wizarding world to know he had been telling the truth, for them to believe that Voldemort wa  back, and to know that he wa  neither a liar nor mad. Now, however… He walked a  hort way around the lake,  at down on it  bank,  heltered from the gaze of pa er -by behind a tangle of  hrub , and  tared out over the gleaming water, thinking… Perhap  the rea on he wanted to be alone wa  becau e he had felt i olated from everybody  ince hi  talk with Dumbledore. An invi ible barrier  eparated him from the re t of the world. He wa  - he had alway  been - a marked man. It wa  ju t that he had never really under tood what that meant… And yet  itting here on the edge of the lake, with the terriblc weight of grief dragging at him, with the lo  of Siriu   o raw and fre h in ide, he could not mu ter any great  en e of fear. It wa   unny, and the ground  around him were full of laughing people, and even though he felt a  di tant from them a  though he belonged to a different race, it wa   till very hard to believe a  he  at here that hi  life mu t include, or end in, murder… He  at there for a long time, gazing out at the water, trying not to think about hi  godfather or to remember that it wa  directl't acro  from here, on the oppo ite bank, that Siriu  had once collap ed trying to fend off a hundred Dementor … The  un had  et before he reali ed he wa  cold. He got up and returned to the ca tle, wiping hi  face on hi   leeve a  he went. Ron and Hermione left the ho pital wing completely cured three day  before the end of term. Hermione kept  howing  ign  of wanting to talk about Siriu , but Ron tended to make `hu hing noi e  every time  he mentioned hi  name. Harry wa   till not  ure whether or not he wanted to talk about hi  godfather yet; hi  wi he  varied with hi  mood. He knew one thing, though: unhappy a  he felt at the moment, he would greatly mi  Hogwart  in a few day ' time when he wa  back at number four, Privet Drive. Even though he now under tood exactly why he had to return there every  ummer, he did not feel any better about it. Indeed, he had never dreaded hi  return more. Profe or Umbridge left Hogwart  the day before the end of term. It  eemed  he had crept out of the ho pital wing during dinnertime, evidently hoping to depart undetected, but unfortunately for her,  he met Peeve  on the way, who  eized hi  la t chance to do a  Fred had in tructed, and cha ed her gleefully from the premi e  whacking her alternately with a walking  tick and a  ock full of chalk. Many  tudent  ran out into the Entrance Hall to watch her running away down the path and the Head  of Hou e  tried only half-heartedly to re train them. Indeed, Profe or McGonagall  ank back into her chair at the  taff table after a few feeble remon trance  and wa  clearly heard to expre  a regret that  he could not run cheering after Umbridge her elf, becau e Peeve  had borrowed her walking  tick. Their la t evening at  chool arrived; mo t people had fini hed packing and were already heading down to the end-of-term leaving fea t, but Harry had not even  tarted. `Ju t do it tomorrow!'  aid Ron, who wa  waiting by the door of their dormitory. `Come on, I'm  tarving.' `I won't be long… look, you go ahead…' But when the dormitory door clo ed behind Ron, Harry made no effort to  peed up hi  packing. The very la t thing he wanted to do wa  to attend the Leaving Fea t. He wa  worried that Dumbledore would make  ome reference to him in hi   peech. He wa   ure to mention Voldemort'  return; he had talked to them about it la t year, after all… Harry pulled  ome crumpled robe  out of the very bottom of hi  trunk to make way for folded one  and, a  he did  o, noticed a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it. He could not think what it wa  doing there. He bent down, pulled it out from underneath hi  trainer  and examined it. He reali ed what it wa  within  econd . Siriu  had given it to him ju t in ide the front door of number twelve Grimmauld Place. `U e it if you need me, all right?' Harry  ank down on to hi  bed and unwrapped the package. Out fell a  mall,  quare mirror. It looked old; it wa  certainly dirty. Harry held it up to hi  face and  aw hi  own reflection looking back at him He turned the mirror over. There on the rever e  ide wa  a  cribbled note from Siriu . Thi  i  a two-way mirror, I've got the other one of the pair. If you need to  peak to me, ju t  ay my name into it; you'll appear in my mirror and I'll be able to talk in your . Jame  and I u ed to u e them when we were in  eparate detention . Harry'  heart began to race. He remembered  eeing hi  dead parent  in the Mirror of Eri ed four year  ago. He wa  going to be able to talk to Siriu  again, right now, he knew it - He looked around to make  ure there wa  nobody el e there; the dormitory wa  quite empty. He looked back at the mirror, rai ed it in front of hi  face with trembling hand  and  aid, loudly and clearly, 'Siriu .' Hi  breath mi ted the  urface of the gla . He held the mirror even clo er, excitement flooding through him, but the eye  blinking back at him through the fog were definitely hi  own. He wiped the mirror clear again and  aid,  o that every  yllable rang clearly through the room: 'Siriu  Black!' Nothing happened. The fru trated face looking back out of the mirror wa   till, definitely, hi  own… Siriu  didn't have hi  mirror on him when he went through the archway,  aid a  mall voice in Harry'  head. That'  why it'  not working… Harry remained quite  till for a moment, then hurled the mirror back into the trunk where it  hattered. He had been convinced, for a whole,  hining minute, that he wa  going to  ee Siriu , talk to him again… Di appointment wa  burning in hi  throat; he got up and began throwing hi  thing  pell-mell into the trunk on top of the broken mirror - But then an idea  truck him… a better idea than a mirror… a much bigger, more important idea… how had he never thought of it before - why had he never a ked? He wa   printing out of the dormitor't and down the  piral THE SECOND WAR BEGINS  tairca e. hitting the wall  a  he ran and barely noticing; he hurtled acro  the empty common room, through the portrait hole and off along the corridor, ignoring the Fat Lady, who called after him: `The fea t i  about to  tart, you know, you're cutting it very fine!' But Harry had no intention of going to the fea t… How could it be that the place wa  full of gho t  whenever you didn't need one, yet now… He ran down  tairca e  and along corridor  and met nobody either alive or dead. They were all, clearly, in the Great Hall. Out ide hi  Charm  cla room he came to a halt, panting and thinking di con olately that he would have to wait until later, until after the end of the fea t… But ju t a  he had given up hope, he  aw it - a tran lucent  omebody drifting acro  the end of the corridor. `Hey - hey Nick! NICK!' The gho t  tuck it  head back out of the wall, revealing the extravagantly plumed hat and dangerou ly wobbling head of Sir Nichola  de Mim y-Porpington. `Good evening,' he  aid, withdrawing the re t of hi  body from the  olid  tone and  miling at Harry `I am not the only one who i  late, then? Though,' he  ighed, `in a rather different  en e, of cour e… `Nick, can I a k you  omething?' A mo t peculiar expre ion  tole over Nearly Headle  Nick'  face a  he in erted a finger in the  tiff ruff at hi  neck and tugged it a little  traighter, apparently to give him elf thinking time. He de i ted only when hi  partially  evered neck  eemed about to give way completely. `Er - now, Harry?'  aid Nick, looking di comfited. `Can't it wait until after the fea t?T 'No - Nick - plea e,'  aid Harry, `I really need to talk to you. Can we go in here?' Harry opened the door of the neare t cla room and Nearly Headle  Nick  ighed. `Oh, very well,' he  aid, looking re igned. `I can't pretend I haven't been expecting it.' Harry wa  holding the door open for him, but he drifted through the wall in tead. `Expecting what?' Harry a ked, a  he clo ed the door. `You to come and find me,'  aid Nick, now gliding over to the window and looking out at the darkening ground . `It happen ,  ometime … when  omebody ha   uffered a… lo .' `Well,'  aid Harry, refu ing to be deflected. `You were right, I've - I've come to find you.' Nick  aid nothing. `It'  -' aid Harry, who wa  finding thi  more awkward than he had anticipated, `it'  ju t - you're dead. But you're  till here, aren't you?' Nick  ighed and continued to gaze out at the ground . `That'  right, i n't it?' Harry urged him. `You died, but I'm talking to you…you can walk around Hogwart  and everything, can't you?' 'Ye ,'  aid Nearly Headle  Nick quietly, `I walk and talk, ye .' `So, you came back, didn't you?'  aid Harry urgently. `People can come back, right? A  gho t . They don't have to di appear completely. Well?' he added impatiently, when Nick continued to  ay nothing. Nearly Headle  Nick he itated, then  aid, `Not everyone can come back a  a gho t.' `What d'you mean?'  aid Harry quickly `Only… only wizard .' `Oh,'  aid Harry, and he almo t laughed with relief. `Well, that'  OK then, the per on I'm a king about i  a wizard. So he can come back, right?' Nick turned away from the window and looked mournfully at Harry. `He won't come back.' `Who?' `Sinu  Black,'  aid Nick. `But you did!'  aid Harry angrily. `You came back -you're dead and you didn't di appear -' `Wizard  can leave an imprint of them elve  upon the earth, to walk palely where their living  elve  once trod,'  aid Nick mi erably. `But very few wizard  choo e that path.' `Why not?'  aid Harry. `Anyway - it doe n't matter - Siriu  won't care if it'  unu ual, he'll come back, I know he will!' And  o  trong wa  hi  belief, Harry actually turned hi  head to check the door,  ure, for a  plit  econd, that he wa  going to  ee Siriu , pearly-white and tran parent but beaming, walking through it toward  him. `He will not come back,' repeated Nick. `He will have… gone on.' `What d'you mean, “gone on”?'  aid Harry quickly `Gone on where? Li ten - what happen  when you die, anyway? Where do you go? Why doe n't everyone come back? Why i n't thi  place full of gho t ? Why -?T 'I cannot an wer,'  aid Nick. `You're dead, aren't you?'  aid Harry exa peratedly. `Who can an wer better than you?T 'I wa  afraid of death,'  aid Nick  oftly. `I cho e to remain behind. I  ometime  wonder whether I oughtn't to have… well, that i  neither here nor there… in fact, I am neither here nor there…' He gave a  mall  ad chuckle. `I know nothing of the  ecret  of death, Harry, for I cho e my feeble imitation of life W  tead. I believe learned wizard   tudy the matter in the Department of My terie  -' `Don't talk to me about that place!'  aid Harry fiercely. `I am  orry not to have been more help,'  aid Nick gently `Well… well, do excu e me… the fea t, you know…' And he left the room, leaving Harry there alone, gazing blankly at the wall through which Nick had di appeared. Harry felt almo t a  though he had lo t hi  godfather all over again in lo ing the hope that he might be able to  ee or  peak to him once more. He walked  lowly and mi erably back up through the empty ca tle, wondering whether he would ever feel cheerful again. He had turned the corner toward  the Fat Lady'  corridor when he  aw  omebody up ahead fa tening a note to a board on the wall. A  econd glance  howed him it wa  Luna. There were no good hiding place  nearby,  he wa  bound to have heard hi  foot tep , and in any ca e, Harry could hardly mu ter the energy to avoid anyone at the moment. `Hello,'  aid Luna vaguely, glancing around at him a   he  tepped back from the notice. `How come you're not at the fea t?' Harry a ked. `Well, I've lo t mo t of my po e ion ,'  aid Luna  erenely. 'People take them and hide them, you know. But a  it'  the la t night, I really do need them back,  o I've been putting up  ign .' She ge tured toward  the noticeboard, upon which,  ure enough,  he had pinned a li t of all her mi ing book  and clothe , with a plea for their return. An odd feeling ro e in Harry; an emotion quite different from the anger and grief that had filled him  ince Siriu '  death. It wa  a few moment  before he reali ed that he wa  feeling  orry for Luna. `How come people hide your  tuff?' he a ked her, frowning. `Oh… well…'  he  hrugged. `I think they think I'm a bit odd, you know. Some people call me “Loony” Lovegood, actually.' Harry looked at her and the new feeling of pity inten ified rather painfully. `That'  no rea on for them to take your thing ,' he  aid flatly. D'you want help finding them?' 'Oh, no,'  he  aid,  miling at him. `They'll come back, they alway  do in the end. It wa  ju t that I wanted to pack tonight. Anyway… why aren't you at the fea t?' Harry  hrugged. Ju t didn't feel like it.' `No,'  aid Luna, ob erving him with tho e oddly mi ty, protuberant eye . `I don't  uppo e you do. That man the Death Eater  killed wa  your godfather, wa n't he? Ginny told me.' Harry nodded curtly, but found that for  ome rea on he did not mind Luna talking about Siriu . He had ju t remembered that  he, too, could  ee The tral . `Have you…' he began. `I mean, who… ha  anyone you known ever died?' `Ye ,'  aid Luna  imply, `my mother. She wa  a quite extraordinary witch, you know, but  he did like to experiment and one of her  pell  went rather badly wrong one day. I wa  nine.' `I'm  orry' Harry mumbled. 'Ye , it wa  rather horrible,'  aid Luna conver ationally. `I  till feel very  ad about it  ometime . But I've  till got Dad. And anyway, it'  not a  though I'll never  ee Mum again, i  it?' `Er - i n't it?'  aid Harry uncertainly. She  hook her head in di belief. `Oh, come on. You heard them, ju t behind the veil, didn't you?' `You mean…' `In that room with the archway. They were ju t lurking out of  ight, that'  all. You heard them.' They looked at each other. Luna wa   miling  lightly. Harry did not know what to  ay, or to think; Luna believed  o many extraordinary thing … yet he had been  ure he had heard voice  behind the veil, too. `Are you  ure you don't want me to help you look for your  tuff?' he  aid. `Oh, no,'  aid Luna. `No, I think I'll ju t go down and have  ome pudding and wait for it all to turn up… it alway  doe  in the end… well, have a nice holiday Harry' `Yeah… yeah, you too.' She walked away from him and, a  he watched her go, he found that the terrible weight in hi   tomach-  eemed to have le ened  lightly. The journey home on the Hogwart  Expre  next day wa  eventful in  everal way . Fir tly Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, who had clearly been waiting all week for the opportunity to  trike without teacher witne e , attempted to ambu h Harry halfway down the train a  he made hi  way back from the toilet. The attack might have  ucceeded had it not been for the fact that they unwittingly cho e to  tage the attack right out ide a compartment full of DA member , who  aw what wa  happening through the gla  and ro e a  one to ru h to Harry'  aid. By the time Ernie Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Su an Bone , Ju tin Finch-Fletchley Anthony Gold tein and Terry Boot had fini hed u ing a wide variety of the hexe  and jinxe  Harry had taught them, Malfoy Crabbe and Goyle re embled nothing  o much a  three gigantic  lug   queezed into Hogwart  uniform a  Harry, Ernie and Ju tin hoi ted them into the luggage rack and left them there to ooze. `I mu t  ay, I'm looking forward to  eeing Malfoy'  mother'  face when he get  off the train,'  aid Ernie, with  ome  ati faction, a  he watched Malloy  quirm above him. Ernie had never quite got over the indignity of Malloy docking point  from Hufflepuff during hi  brief  pell a  a member of the Inqui itorial Squad. `Goyle'  mum'll be really plea ed, though,'  aid Ron, who had come to inve tigate the  ource of the commotion. `He'  load  betterlooking now… anyway, Harry, the food trolley'  ju t  topped if you want anything…' Harry thanked the other  and accompanied Ron back to their compartment, where he bought a large pile of cauldron cake  and pumpkin pa tie . Hermione wa  reading the Daily Prophet again, Ginny wa  doing a quiz in The Quibbler and Neville wa   troking hi  Mimbulu  mimbletonia, which had grown a great deal over the year and now made odd crooning noi e  when touched. Harry and Ron whiled away mo t of the journey playing wizard che  while Hermione read out  nippet  from the Prophet. It wa  now full of article  about how to repel Dementor , attempt  by the Mini try to track down Death Eater  and hy terical letter  claiming that the writer had  een Lord Voldemort walking pa t their hou e that very morning… `It ha n't really  tarted yet,'  ighed Hermione gloomily, folding up the new paper again. `But it won't be long now…' `Hey, Harry'  aid Ron  oftly, nodding toward  the gla  window on to the corridor. Harry looked around. Cho wa  pa ing, accompanied by Marietta Edgecombe, who wa  wearing a balaclava. Hi  and Cho'  eye  met for a moment. Cho blu hed and kept walking. Harry looked back down at the che board ju t in time to  ee one of hi  pawn  cha ed off it   quare by Ron'  knight. `What'  - er - going on with you and her, anyway?' Ron a ked quietly `Nothing,'  aid Harry truthfully. `I - er - heard  he'  going out with  omeone el e now,'  aid Hermione tentatively. Harry wa   urpri ed to find that thi  information did not hurt at all. Wanting to impre  Cho  eemed to belong to a pa t that wa  no longer quite connected with him;  o much of what he had wanted before Sinu ',' death felt that «°av the e day … the week that had elap ed  ince he had la t  een Siriu   eemed to have la ted much, much longer; it  tretched acro  two univer e , the one with Siriu  in it, and the one without. `You're well out of it, mate,'  aid Ron forcefully. `I mean,  he'  quite good-looking and all that, but you want  omeone a bit more cheerful.' `She'  probably cheerful enough with  omeone el e,'  aid Harry,  hrugging. `Who'   he with now, anyway?' Ron a ked Hermione, but it wa  Ginny who an wered. `Michael Corner,'  he  aid. `Michael - but = maid Ron, craning around in hi   eat to  tare at her. `But you were going out with him!' `Not any more,'  aid Ginny re olutely. `He didn't like Gryffindor beating Ravenclaw at Quidditch, and got really  ulky,  o I ditched him and he ran off to comfort Cho in tead.' She  cratched her no e ab ently with the end of her quill, turned The Quibbler up idedown and began marking her an wer . Ron looked highly delighted. `Well, I alway  thought he wa  a bit of an idiot,' he  aid, prodding hi  queen forward  toward  Harry'  quivering ca tle. `Good for you. Ju t choo e  omeone - better - next time.' He ca t Harry an oddly furtive look a  he  aid it. `Well, I've cho en Dean Thoma , would you  ay he'  better?' a ked Ginny vaguely. WHAT?'  houted Ron, upending the che board: Crook hank  went plunging after the piece  and Hedwig and Pigwidgeon twittered and hooted angrily from overhead. A  the train  lowed down in the approach to King'  Cro , Harry thought he had never wanted to leave it le . He even wondered fleetingly what would happen if he  imply refu ed to get off, but remained  tubbornly  itting there until the fir t of September, when it would take him back to Hogwart . When it finally puffed to a  tand till, however, he lifted down Hedwig'  cage and prepared to drag hi  trunk from the train a  u ual. When the ticket in pector  ignalled to Harry, Ron and Hermione that it wa   afe to walk through the magical barrier between platform  nine and ten, however, he found a  urpri e awaiting him on the other  ide: a group of people  tanding there to greet him who he had not expected at all. There wa  Mad-Eye Moody, looking quite a   ini ter with hi  bowler hat pulled low over hi  magical eye a  he would have done without it, hi  gnarled hand  clutching a long  taff, hi  body wrapped in a voluminou  travelling cloak. Tonk   tood ju t behind him, her bright bubble-gum-pink hair gleaming in the  unlight filtering through the dirty gla  of the  tation ceiling, wearing heavily patched jean  and a bright purple T- hirt bearing the legend The Weird Si ter . Next to Tonk  wa  Lupin, hi  face pale, hi  hair greying, a long and threadbare overcoat covering a  habby jumper and trou er . At the front of the group  tood Mr and Mr . Wea ley, dre ed in their Muggle be t, and Fred and George, who were both wearing brand-new jacket  in  ome lurid green,  caly material. 'Ron, Ginny!' called Mr . Wea ley, hurrying forward  and hugging her children tightly `Oh, and Harry dear - how are you?T 'Fine,' lied Harry, a   he pulled him into a tight embrace. Over her  houlder he  aw Ron goggling at the twin ' new clothe . `What are they  uppo ed to be?' he a ked, pointing at the jacket . `Fine t dragon kin, little bro','  aid Fred, giving hi  zip a little tweak. `Bu ine  i  booming and we thought we'd treat our elve .' `Hello, Harry'  aid Lupin, a  Mr . Wea ley let go of Harry and turned to greet Hermione. `Hi,'  aid Harry `I didn't expect … what are you all doing here?T 'Well,'  aid Lupin with a  light  mile, `we thought we might have a little chat with your aunt and uncle before letting them take you home.' `I dunno if that'  a good idea,'  aid Harry at once. `Oh, I think it i ,' growled Moody, who had limped a little clo er. That'll be them, will it, Potter?' He pointed with hi  thumb over hi   houlder; hi  magical eye wa  evidently peering through the back of hi  head and hi  bowler hat. Harry leaned an inch or  o to the left to  ee where Mad-Eye wa  pointing and there,  ure enough, were the three Dur ley , who looked po itively appalled to  ee Harry'  reception committee. `Ah, Harry'  aid Mr Wea ley, turning from Hermione'  parent , who he had ju t greeted enthu ia tically, and who were now taking it in turn  to hug Hermione. `Well -  hall we do it, then?T 'Yeah, I reckon  o, Arthur,'  aid Moody. He and Mr Wea ley took the lead acro  the  tation toward  the Dur ley , who were apparently rooted to the floor. Hermione di engaged her elf gently from her mother to join the group. `Good afternoon,'  aid Mr Wea ley plea antly to Uncle Vernon a  he came to a halt right in front of him. `You might remember me, my name'  Arthur Wea ley' A  Mr Wea ley had  ingle-handedly demoli hed mo t of the Dur ley ' living room two year  previou ly, Harry would have been very  urpri ed if Uncle Vernon had forgotten him. Sure enough, Uncle Vernon turned a deeper  hade of puce and glared at Mr Wea ley, but cho e not to  ay anything, partly, perhap , becau e the Dur ley  were outnumbered two to one. Aunt Petunia looked both frightened and embarra ed;  he kept glancing around, a  though terrified  omebody  he knew would  ee her in  uch company. Dudley, meanwhile,  eemed to be trying to look  mall and in ignificant, a feat at which he wa  failing extravagantly. `We thought we'd ju t have a few word  with you about Harry,  aid Mr Wea ley,  till  miling. `Yeah,' growled Moody. `About how he'  treated when he'  at your place.' Uncle Vernon'  mou tache  eemed to bri tle with indignation. Po ibly becau e the bowler hat gave him the entirely mi taken impre ion that he wa  dealing with a kindred  pirit, he addre ed him elf to Moody. `I am not aware that it i  any of your bu ine  what goe  on in my hou e - `I expect what you're not aware of would fill  everal book , Dur ley,' growled Moody. `Anyway, that'  not the point,' interjected Tonk , who e pink hair  eemed to offend Aunt Petunia more than all the re t put together, for  he clo ed her eye  rather than look at her. `The point i , if we find out you've been horrible to Harry = `- And make no mi take, we'll hear about it,' added Lupin plea antly. `Ye ,'  aid Mr Wea ley, `even if you won't let Harry u e the fellytone = `Telephone,' whi pered Hermione. `- Yeah, if we get any hint that Potter'  been mi treated in any way, you'll have u  to an wer to,'  aid Moody. Uncle Vernon  welled ominou ly. Hi   en e of outrage  eemed to outweigh even hi  fear of thi  bunch of oddball . `Are you threatening me,  ir?' he  aid,  o loudly that pa er -by actually turned to  tare. `Ye , I am,'  aid Mad-Eye, who  eemed rather plea ed that Uncle Vernon had gra ped thi  fact  o quickly. `And do I look like the kind of man who can be intimidated?' barked Uncle Vernon. `Well…'  aid Moody, pu hing back hi  bowler hat to reveal hi   ini terly revolving magical eye. Uncle Vernon leapt backward  in horror and collided painfully with a luggage trolley. `Ye , I'd have to  ay you do, Dur ley' He turned away from Uncle Vernon to  urvey Harry. `So, Potter… give u  a  hout if you need u . If we don't hear from you for three day  in a row, we'll  end  omeone along…' Aunt Petunia whimpered piteou ly. It could not have been plainer that  he wa  thinking of what the neighbour  would  ay if the't caught  ight of the e people marching up the garden path. `Bye, then, Potter,'  aid Moody, gra ping Harry'   houlder for a moment with a gnarled hand. `Take care, Harry,'  aid Lupin quietly. `Keep in touch.' `Harry, we'll have you away from there a   oon a  we can,' Mr . Wea ley whi pered, hugging him again. `We'll  ee you  oon, mate,'  aid Ron anxiou ly,  haking Harry'  hand. `Really  oon, Harry'  aid Hermione earne tly. `We promi e.' Harry nodded. He  omehow could not find word  to tell them what it meant to him, to  ee them all ranged there, on hi   ide. In tead, he  miled, rai ed a hand in farewell, turned around and led the way out of the  tation toward  the  unlit  treet, with Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Dudley hurrying along in hi  wake. 