The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yard  apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. For a  econd they  tood quite  till, wand  directed at each other'  che t ; then, recognizing each other, they  towed their wand  beneath their cloak  and  tarted walking bri kly in the  ame direction. “New ?” a ked the taller of the two. “The be t,” replied Severu  Snape. The lane wa  bordered on the left by wild, low-growing bramble , on the right by a high, neatly manicured hedge. The men'  long cloak  flapped around their ankle  a  they marched. “Thought I might be late,”  aid Yaxley, hi  blunt feature   liding in and out of  ight a  the branche  of overhanging tree  broke the moonlight. “It wa  a little trickier than I expected. But I hope he will be  ati fied. You  ound confident that your reception will be good?” Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned right, into a wide driveway that led off the lane. The high hedge curved into them, running off into the di tance beyond the pair of impo ing wrought-iron gate  barring the men’  way. Neither of them broke  tep: In  ilence both rai ed their left arm  in a kind of  alute and pa ed  traight through, a  though the dark metal wa   moke. The yew hedge  muffled the  ound of the men’  foot tep . There wa  a ru tle  omewhere to their right: Yaxley drew hi  wand again pointing it over hi  companion’  head, but the  ource of the noi e proved to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock,  trutting maje tically along the top of the hedge. “He alway  did him elf well, Luciu . Peacock  …” Yaxley thru t hi  wand back under hi  cloak with a  nort. A hand ome manor hou e grew out of the darkne  at the end of the  traight drive, light  glinting in the diamond paned down tair  window . Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain wa  playing. Gravel crackled beneath their feet a  Snape and Yaxley  ped toward the front door, which  wung inward at their approach, though nobody had vi ibly opened it. The hallway wa  large, dimly lit, and  umptuou ly decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering mo t of the  tone floor. The eye  of the pale-faced portrait  on the wall followed Snape and Yaxley a  they  trode pa t. The two men halted at a heavy wooden door leading into the next room, he itated for the  pace of a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle. The drawing room wa  full of  ilent people,  itting at a long and ornate table. The room’  u ual furniture had been pu hed carele ly up again t the wall . Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a hand ome marble mantelpiece  urmounted by a gilded mirror. Snape and Yaxley lingered for a moment on the thre hold. A  their eye  grew accu tomed to the lack of light, they were drawn upward to the  trange t feature of the  cene: an apparently uncon ciou  human figure hanging up ide down over the table, revolving  lowly a  if  u pended by an invi ible rope, and reflected in the mirror and in the bare, poli hed  urface of the table below. None of the people  eated underneath thi   ingular  ight were looking at it except for a pale young man  itting almo t directly below it. He  eemed unable to prevent him elf from glancing upward every minute or  o. “Yaxley. Snape,”  aid a high, clear voice from the head of the table. “You are very nearly late.” The  peaker wa   eated directly in front of the fireplace,  o that it wa  difficult, at fir t, for the new arrival  to make out more than hi   ilhouette. A  they drew nearer, however, hi  face  hone through the gloom, hairle ,  nakelike, with  lit  for no tril  and gleaming red eye  who e pupil  were vertical. He wa   o pale that he  eemed to emit a pearly glow. “Severu , here,”  aid Voldemort, indicating the  eat on hi  immediate right. “Yaxley – be ide Dolohov.” The two men took their allotted place . Mo t of the eye  around the table followed Snape, and it wa  to him that Voldemort  poke fir t. “So?” “My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intend  to move Harry Potter from hi  current place of  afety on Saturday next, at nightfall.” The intere t around the table  harpened palpably: Some  tiffened, other  fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort. “Saturday … at nightfall,” repeated Voldemort. Hi  red eye  fa tened upon Snape’  black one  with  uch inten ity that  ome of the watcher  looked away, apparently fearful that they them elve  would be  corched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemort’  face and, after a moment or two, Voldemort’  liple  mouth curved into  omething like a  mile. “Good. Very good. And thi  information come  –“ “ – from the  ource we di cu ed,”  aid Snape. “My Lord.” Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table at Voldemort and Snape. All face  turned to him. “My Lord, I have heard differently.” Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not  peak,  o he went on, “Dawli h, the Auror, let  lip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turn   eventeen.” Snape wa   miling. “My  ource told me that there are plan  to lay a fal e trail; thi  mu t be it. No doubt a Confundu  Charm ha  been placed upon Dawli h. It would not be the fir t time; he i  known to be  u ceptible.” “I a ure you, my Lord, Dawli h  eemed quite certain,”  aid Yaxley. “If he ha  been Confunded, naturally he i  certain,”  aid Snape. “I a ure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter. The Order believe  that we have infiltrated the Mini try.” “The Order’  got one thing right, then, eh?”  aid a  quat man  itting a  hort di tance from Yaxley; he gave a wheezy giggle that wa  echoed here and there along the table. Voldemort did not laugh. Hi  gaze had wandered upward to the body revolving  lowly overhead, and he  eemed to be lo t in thought. “My Lord,” Yaxley went on, “Dawli h believe  an entire party of Auror  will be u ed to tran fer the boy –“ Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley  ub ided at once, watching re entfully a  Voldemort turned back to Snape. “Where are they going to hide the boy next?” “At the home of one of the Order,”  aid Snape. “The place, according to the  ource, ha  been given every protection that the Order and Mini try together could provide. I think that there i  little chance of taking him once he i  there, my Lord, unle , of cour e, the Mini try ha  fallen before next Saturday, which might give u  the opportunity to di cover and undo enough of the enchantment  to break through the re t.” “Well, Yaxley?” Voldemort called down the table, the firelight glinting  trangely in hi  red eye . “Will the Mini try have fallen by next Saturday?” Once again, all head  turned. Yaxley  quared hi   houlder . “My Lord, I have good new  on that  core. I have – with difficulty, and after great effort –  ucceeded in placing an Imperiu  Cur e upon Piu  Thickne e.” Many of tho e  itting around Yaxley looked impre ed; hi  neighbor, Dolohov, a man with a long, twi ted face, clapped him on the back. “It i  a  tart,”  aid Voldemort. “But Thickne e i  only one man. Scrimgeour mu t be  urrounded by our people before I act. One failed attempt on the Mini ter’  life will  et me back a long way.” “Ye  – my Lord, that i  true – but you know, a  Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Thickne e ha  regular contact not only with the Mini ter him elf, but al o with the Head  of all the other Mini try department . It will, I think, be ea y now that we have  uch a high-ranking official under our control, to  ubjugate the other , and then they can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down.” “A  long a  our friend Thickne e i  not di covered before he ha  converted the re t,”  aid Voldemort. “At any rate, it remain  unlikely that the Mini try will be mine before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the boy at hi  de tination, then it mu t be done while he travel .” “We are at an advantage there, my Lord,”  aid Yaxley, who  eemed determined to receive  ome portion of approval. “We now have  everal people planted within the Department of Magical Tran port. If Potter Apparate  or u e  the Floo Network, we  hall know immediately.” “He will not do either,”  aid Snape. “The Order i  e chewing any form of tran port that i  controlled or regulated by the Mini try; they mi tru t everything to do with the place.” “All the better,”  aid Voldemort. “He will have to move in the open. Ea ier to take, by far.” Again, Voldemort looked up at the  lowly revolving body a  he went on, “I  hall attend to the boy in per on. There have been too many mi take  where Harry Potter i  concerned. Some of them have been my own. That Potter live  i  due more to my error  than to hi  triumph .” The company around the table watched Voldemort apprehen ively, each of them, by hi  or her expre ion, afraid that they might be blamed for Harry Potter’  continued exi tence. Voldemort, however,  eemed to be  peaking more to him elf than to any of them,  till addre ing the uncon ciou  body above him. “I have been carele , and  o have been thwarted by luck and chance, tho e wrecker  of all but the be t-laid plan . But I know better now. I under tand tho e thing  that I did not under tand before. I mu t be the one to kill Harry Potter, and I  hall be.” At the e word ,  eemingly in re pon e to them, a  udden wail  ounded, a terrible, drawn-out cry of mi ery and pain. Many of tho e at the table looked downward,  tartled, for the  ound had  eemed to i ue from below their feet. “Wormtail,”  aid Voldemort, with no change in hi  quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing hi  eye  from the revolving body above, “have I not  poken to you about keeping our pri oner quiet?” “Ye , m-my Lord,” ga ped a  mall man halfway down the table, who had been  itting  o low in hi  chair that it appeared, at fir t glance, to be unoccupied. Now he  crambled from hi   eat and  curried from the room, leaving nothing behind him but a curiou  gleam of  ilver. “A  I wa   aying,” continued Voldemort, looking again at the ten e face  of hi  follower , “I under tand better now. I  hall need, for in tance, to borrow a wand from one of you before I go to kill Potter.” The face  around him di played nothing but  hock; he might have announced that he wanted to borrow one of their arm . “No volunteer ?”  aid Voldemort. “Let’   ee … Luciu , I  ee no rea on for you to have a wand anymore.” Luciu  Malfoy looked up. Hi   kin appeared yellowi h and waxy in the firelight, and hi  eye  were  unken and  hadowed. When he  poke, hi  voice wa  hoar e. “My Lord?” “Your wand, Luciu . I require your wand.” “I …” Malfoy glanced  ideway  at hi  wife. She wa   taring  traight ahead, quite a  pale a  he wa , her long blonde hair hanging down her back, but beneath the table her  lim finger  clo ed briefly on hi  wri t. At her touch, Malfoy put hi  hand into hi  robe , withdrew a wand, and pa ed it along to Voldemort, who held it up in front of hi  red eye , examining it clo ely. “What i  it?” “Elm, my Lord,” whi pered Malfoy. “And the core?” “Dragon – dragon heart tring.” “Good,”  aid Voldemort. He drew out hi  wand and compared the length . Luciu  Malfoy made an involuntary movement; for a fraction of a  econd, it  eemed he expected to receive Voldemort’  wand in exchange for hi  own. The ge ture wa  not mi ed by Voldemort, who e eye  widened maliciou ly. “Give you my wand, Luciu ? My wand?” Some of the throng  niggered. “I have given you your liberty, Luciu , i  that not enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your family  eem le  than happy of late … What i  it about my pre ence in your home that di place  you, Luciu ?” “Nothing – nothing, my Lord!” “Such lie  Luciu  … “ The  oft voice  eemed to hi  on even after the cruel mouth had  topped moving. One or two of the wizard  barely repre ed a  hudder a  the hi ing grew louder;  omething heavy could be heard  liding acro  the floor beneath the table. The huge  nake emerged to climb  lowly up Voldemort’  chair. It ro e,  eemingly endle ly, and came to re t acro  Voldemort’   houlder : it  neck the thickne  of a man’  thigh; it  eye , with their vertical  lit  for pupil , unblinking. Voldemort  troked the creature ab ently with long thin finger ,  till looking at Luciu  Malfoy. “Why do the Malfoy  look  o unhappy with their lot? I  my return, my ri e to power, not the very thing they profe ed to de ire for  o many year ?” “Of cour e, my Lord,”  aid Luciu  Malfoy. Hi  hand  hook a  he wiped  weat from hi  upper lip. “We did de ire it – we do.” To Malfoy’  left, hi  wife made an odd,  tiff nod, her eye  averted from Voldemort and the  nake. To hi  right, hi   on, Draco, who had been gazing up at the inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye contact. “My Lord,”  aid a dark woman halfway down the table, her voice con tricted with emotion, “it i  an honor to have you here, in our family’  hou e. There can be no higher plea ure.” She  at be ide her  i ter, a  unlike her in look , with her dark hair and heavily lidded eye , a   he wa  in bearing and demeanor; where Narci a  at rigid and impa ive, Bellatrix leaned toward Voldemort, for mere word  could not demon trate her longing for clo ene . “No higher plea ure,” repeated Voldemort, hi  head tilted a little to one  ide a  he con idered Bellatrix. “That mean  a great deal, Bellatrix, from you.” Her face flooded with color; her eye  welled with tear  of delight. “My Lord know  I  peak nothing but the truth!” “No higher plea ure … even compared with the happy event that, I hear, ha  taken place in your family thi  week?” She  tared at him, her lip  parted, evidently confu ed. “I don’t know what you mean, my Lord.” “I’m talking about your niece, Bellatrix. And your , Luciu  and Narci a. She ha  ju t married the werewolf, Remu  Lupin. You mu t be  o proud.” There wa  an eruption of jeering laughter from around the table. Many leaned forward to exchange gleeful look ; a few thumped the table with their fi t . The giant  nake, di liking the di turbance, opened it  mouth wide and hi ed angrily, but the Death Eater  did not hear it,  o jubilant were they at Bellatrix and the Malfoy ’ humiliation. Bellatrix’  face,  o recently flu hed wit happine , had turned an ugly, blotchy red. “She i  no niece of our , my Lord,”  he cried over the outpouring of mirth. “We – Narci a and I – have never  et eye  on our  i ter  ince  he married the Mudblood. Thi  brat ha  nothing to do with either of u , nor any bea t  he marrie .” “What  ay you, Draco?” a ked Voldemort, and though hi  voice wa  quiet, it carried clearly through the catcall  and jeer . “Will you baby it the cub ?” The hilarity mounted; Draco Malfoy looked in terror at hi  father, who wa   taring down into hi  own lap, then caught hi  mother’  eye. She  hook her head almo t imperceptibly, then re umed her own deadpan  tare at the oppo ite wall. “Enough,”  aid Voldemort,  troking the angry  nake. “Enough.” And the laughter died at once. “Many of our olde t family tree  become a little di ea ed over time,” he  aid a  Bellatrix gazed at him, breathle  and imploring, “You mu t prune your , mu t you not, to keep it healthy? Cut away tho e part  that threaten the health of the re t.” “Ye , my Lord,” whi pered Bellatrix, and her eye   wam with tear  of gratitude again. “At the fir t chance!” “You  hall have it,”  aid Voldemort. “And in your family,  o in the world … we  hall cut away the canker that infect  u  until only tho e of the true blood remain …” Voldemort rai ed Luciu  Malfoy’  wand, pointed it directly at the  lowly revolving figure  u pended over the table, and gave it a tiny flick. The figure came to life with a groan and began to  truggle again t invi ible bond . “Do you recognize our gue t, Severu ?” a ked Voldemort. Snape rai ed hi  eye  to the up ide down face. All of the Death Eater  were looking up at the captive now, a  though they had been given permi ion to  how curio ity. A   he revolved to face the firelight, the woman  aid in a cracked and terrified voice, “Severu ! Help me!” “Ah, ye ,”  aid Snape a  the pri oner turned  lowly away again. “And you, Draco?” a ked Voldemort,  troking the  nake’   nout with hi  wand-free hand. Draco  hook hi  head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he  eemed unable to look at her anymore. “But you would not have taken her cla e ,”  aid Voldemort. “For tho e of you who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.” There were  mall noi e  of comprehen ion around the table. A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth cackled. “Ye  … Profe or Burbage taught the children of witche  and wizard  all about Muggle  … how they are not  o different from u  … “ One of the Death Eater   pat on the floor. Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape again. “Severu  … plea e … plea e … “ “Silence,”  aid Voldemort, with another twitch of Malfoy’  wand, and Charity fell  ilent a  if gagged. “Not content with corrupting and polluting the mind  of Wizarding children, la t week Profe or Burbage wrote an impa ioned defen e of Mudblood  in the Daily Prophet. Wizard ,  he  ay , mu t accept the e thieve  of their knowledge and magic. The dwindling of the pureblood  i ,  ay  Profe or Burbage, a mo t de irable circum tance … She would have u  all mate with Muggle  … or, no doubt, werewolve  … “ Nobody laughed thi  time. There wa  no mi taking the anger and contempt in Voldemort’  voice. For the third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. Tear  were pouring from her eye  into her hair. Snape looked back at her, quite impa ive, a   he turned  lowly away from him again. “Avada Kedavra” The fla h of green light illuminated every corner of the room. Charity fell, with a re ounding cra h, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of the Death Eater  leapt back in their chair . Draco fell out of hi  onto the floor. “Dinner, Nagini,”  aid Voldemort  oftly, and the great  nake  wayed and  lithered from hi   houlder  onto the poli hed wood. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWO IN MEMORANDUM Harry wa  bleeding. Clutching hi  right hand in hi  left and  wearing under hi  breath, he  houldered open hi  bedroom door. There wa  a crunch of breaking china. He had trodden on a cup of cold tea that had been  itting on the floor out ide hi  bedroom door. “What the --?” He looked around, the landing of number four, Privet Drive, wa  de erted. Po ibly the cup of tea wa  Dudley'  idea of a clever booby trap. Keeping hi  bleeding hand elevated, Harry  craped the fragment  of cup together with the other hand and threw them into the already crammed bin ju t vi ible in ide hi  bedroom door. Then he tramped acro  to the bathroom to run hi  finger under the tap. It wa   tupid, pointle , irritating beyond belief that he  till had four day  left of being unable to perform magic…but he had to admit to him elf that thi  jagged cut in hi  finger would have defeated him. He had never learned how to repair wound , and now he came to think of it – particularly in light of hi  immediate plan  – thi   eemed a  eriou  flaw in hi  magical education. Making a mental note to a k Hermione how it wa  done, he u ed a large wad of toilet paper to mop up a  much of the tea a  he could before returning to hi  bedroom and  lamming the door behind him. Harry had  pent the morning completely emptying hi   chool trunk for the fir t time  ince he had packed it  ix year  ago. At the  tart of the intervening  chool year , he had merely  kimmed off the topmo t three quarter  of the content  and replaced or updated them, leaving a layer of general debri  at the bottom – old quill , de iccated beetle eye ,  ingle  ock  that no longer fit. Minute  previou ly, Harry had plunged hi  hand into thi  mulch, experienced a  tabbing pain in the fourth finger of hi  right hand, and withdrawn it to  ee a lot of blood. He now proceeded a little more cautiou ly. Kneeling down be ide the trunk again, he groped around in the bottom and, after retrieving an old badge that flickered feebly between SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STINKS, a cracked and worn-out Sneako cope, and a gold locket in ide which a note  igned R.A.B. had been hidden, he finally di covered the  harp edge that had done the damage. He recognized it at once. It wa  a two-inch-long fragment of the enchanted mirror that hi  dead godfather, Siriu , had given him. Harry laid it a ide and felt cautiou ly around the trunk for the re t, but nothing more remained of hi  godfather'  la t gift except powdered gla , which clung to the deepe t layer of debri  like glittering grit. Harry  at up and examined the jagged piece on which he had cut him elf,  eeing nothing but hi  own bright green eye reflected back at him. Then he placed the fragment on top of that morning'  Daily prophet, which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to  tem the  udden up urge of bitter memorie , the  tab  of regret and of longing the di covery of the broken mirror had occa ioned, by attacking the re t of the rubbi h in the trunk. It took another hour to empty it completely, throw away the u ele  item , and  ort the remainder in pile  according to whether or not he would need them from now on. Hi   chool and Quidditch robe , cauldron, parchment, quill , and mo t of hi  textbook  were piled in a corner, to be left behind. He wondered what hi  aunt and uncle would do with them; burn them in the dead of night, probably, a  if they were evidence of  ome dreadful crime. Hi  Muggle clothing, Invi ibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain book , the photograph album Hagrid had once given him, a  tack of letter , and hi  wand had been repacked into an old ruck ack. In a front pocket were the Marauder'  Map and the locket with the note  igned R.A.B. in ide it. The locket wa  accorded thi  place of honor not becau e it wa  valuable – in all u ual  en e  it wa  worthle  – but becau e of what it had co t to attain it. Thi  left a  izable  tack of new paper   itting on hi  de k be ide hi   nowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of the day  Harry had  pent at Privet Drive thi   ummer. He got up off the floor,  tretched, and moved acro  to hi  de k. Hedwig made no movement a  he began to flick through new paper , throwing them into the rubbi h pile one by one. The owl wa  a leep or el e faking;  he wa  angry with Harry about the limited amount of time  he wa  allowed out of her cage at the moment. A  he neared the bottom of the pile of new paper , Harry  lowed down,  earching for one particular i ue that he knew had arrived  hortly after he had returned to Privet Drive for the  ummer; he remembered that there had been a  mall mention on the front about the re ignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studie  teacher at Hogwart . At la t he found it. Turning to page ten, he  ank into hi  de k chair and reread the article he had been looking for. ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED By Elphia  Doge I met Albu  Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our fir t day at Hogwart . Our mutual attraction wa  undoubtedly due to the fact that we both felt our elve  to be out ider . I had contracted dragon pox  hortly before arriving at  chool, and while I wa  no longer contagiou , my pock-marked vi age and greeni h hue did not encourage many to approach me. For hi  part, Albu  had arrived at Hogwart  under the burden of unwanted notoriety. Scarcely a year previou ly, hi  father, Percival, had been convicted of a  avage and well-publicized attack upon three young Muggle . Albu  never attempted to deny that hi  father (who wa  to die in Azkaban) had committed thi  crime; on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to a k him, he a ured me that he knew hi  father to be guilty. Beyond that, Dumbledore refu ed to  peak of the  ad bu ine , though many attempted to make him do  o. Some, indeed, were di po ed to prai e hi  father'  action and a umed that Albu  too wa  a Muggle-hater. They could not have been more mi taken: A  anybody who knew Albu  would atte t, he never revealed the remote t anti-Muggle tendency. Indeed, hi  determined  upport for Muggle right  gained him many enemie  in  ub equent year . In a matter of month , however, Albu '  own fame had begun to eclip e that of hi  father. By the end of hi  fir t year he would never again be known a  the  on of a Muggle-hater, but a  nothing more or le  than the mo t brilliant  tudent ever  een at the  chool. Tho e of u  who were privileged to be hi  friend  benefited from hi  example, not to mention hi  help and encouragement, with which he wa  alway  generou . He confe ed to me later in life that he knew even then that hi  greate t plea ure lay in teaching. He not only won every prize of note that the  chool offered, he wa   oon in regular corre pondence with the mo t notable magical name  of the day, including Nicola  Flamel, the celebrated alchemi t; Bathilda Bag hot, the noted hi torian; and Adalbert Waffling, the magical theoretician. Several of hi  paper  found their way into learned publication   uch a  Tran figuration Today, Challenge  in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer. Dumbledore'  future career  eemed likely to be meteoric, and the only que tion that remained wa  when he would become Mini ter of Magic. Though it wa  often predicted in later year  that he wa  on the point of taking the job, however, he never had Mini terial ambition . Three year  after we had  tarted at Hogwart , Albu '  brother, Aberforth, arrived at  chool. They were not alike: Aberforth wa  never booki h and, unlike Albu , preferred to  ettle argument  by dueling rather than through rea oned di cu ion. However, it i  quite wrong to  ugge t, a   ome have, that the brother  were not friend . They rubbed along a  comfortably a  two  uch different boy  could do. In fairne  to Aberforth, it mu t be admitted that living in Albu '   hadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable experience. Being continually out hone wa  an occupational hazard of being hi  friend and cannot have been any more plea urable a  a brother. When Albu  and I left Hogwart  we intended to take the then-traditional tour of the world together, vi iting and ob erving foreign wizard , before pur uing our  eparate career . However, tragedy intervened. On the very eve of our trip, Albu '  mother, Kendra, died, leaving Albu  the head, and  ole breadwinner, of the family. I po tponed my departure long enough to pay my re pect  at Kendra'  funeral, then left for what wa  now to be a  olitary journey. With a younger brother and  i ter to care for, and little gold left to them, there could no longer be any que tion of Albu  accompanying me. That wa  the period of our live  when we had lea t contact. I wrote to Albu , de cribing, perhap  in en itively, the wonder  of my journey, from narrow e cape  from chimaera  in Greece to the experiment  of the Egyptian alchemi t . Hi  letter  told me little of hi  day-to-day life, which I gue ed to be fru tratingly dull for  uch a brilliant wizard. Immer ed in my own experience , it wa  with horror that I heard, toward the end of my year'  travel , that another tragedy had  truck the Dumbledore : the death of hi   i ter, Ariana. Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming  o  oon after the lo  of their mother, had a profound effect on both of her brother . All tho e clo e t to Albu  – and I count my elf one of that lucky number – agree that Ariana'  death, and Albu '  feeling of per onal re pon ibility for it (though, of cour e, he wa  guiltle ), left their mark upon him forevermore. I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older per on'   uffering. Albu  wa  more re erved than before, and much le  light-hearted. To add to hi  mi ery, the lo  of Ariana had led, not to a renewed clo ene  between Albu  and Aberforth, but to an e trangement. (In time thi  would lift – in later year  they ree tabli hed, if not a clo e relation hip, then certainly a cordial one.) However, he rarely  poke of hi  parent  or of Ariana from then on, and hi  friend  learned not to mention them. Other quill  will de cribe the triumph  of the following year . Dumbledore'  innumerable contribution  to the  tore of Wizarding knowledge, including hi  di covery of the twelve u e  of dragon'  blood, will benefit generation  to come, a  will the wi dom he di played in the many judgment  while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. They  ay,  till, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1945. Tho e who witne ed it have written of the terror and the awe they felt a  they watched the e two extraordinary wizard  to battle. Dumbledore'  triumph, and it  con equence  for the Wizarding world, are con idered a turning point in magical hi tory to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named. Albu  Dumbledore wa  never proud or vain; he could find  omething to value in anyone, however apparently in ignificant or wretched, and I believe that hi  early lo e  endowed him with great humanity and  ympathy. I  hall mi  hi  friend hip more than I can  ay, but my lo  i  nothing compared to the Wizarding world' . That he wa  the mo t in piring and be t loved of all Hogwart  headma ter  cannot be in que tion. He died a  he lived: working alway  for the greater good and, to hi  la t hour, a  willing to  tretch out a hand to a  mall boy with dragon pox a  he wa  on the day I met him. Harry fini hed reading, but continued to gaze at the picture accompanying the obituary. Dumbledore wa  wearing hi  familiar, kindly  mile, but a  he peered over the top of hi  half-moon  pectacle , he gave the impre ion, even in new print, of X-raying Harry, who e  adne  mingled with a  en e of humiliation. He had thought he knew Dumbledore quite well, but ever  ince reading thi  obituary he had been forced to recognize that he had barely known him at all. Never once had he imagined Dumbledore'  childhood or youth; it wa  a  though he had  prung into being a  Harry had known him, venerable and  ilver-haired and old. The idea of a teenage Dumbledore wa   imply odd, like trying to imagine a  tupid Hermione or a friendly Bla t-Ended Skrewt. He had never thought to a k Dumbledore about hi  pa t. No doubt it would have felt  trange, impertinent even, but after all it had been common knowledge that Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to a k Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of hi  other famou  achievement . No, they had alway  di cu ed Harry, Harry'  pa t, Harry'  future, Harry'  plan … and it  eemed to Harry now, de pite the fact that hi  future wa   o dangerou  and  o uncertain, that he had mi ed irreplaceable opportunitie  when he had failed to a k Dumbledore more about him elf, even though the only per onal que tion he had ever a ked hi  headma ter wa  al o the only one he  u pected that Dumbledore had not an wered hone tly: “What do you  ee when you look in the mirror?” “I? I  ee my elf holding a pair of thick, woolen  ock .” After  everal minute ' thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the Prophet, folded it carefully, and tucked it in ide the fir t volume of Practical Defen ive Magic and it  U e again t the Dark Art . Then he threw the re t of the new paper onto the rubbi h pile and turned to face the room. It wa  much tidier. The only thing  left out of place were today'  Daily Prophet,  till lying on the bed, and on top of it, the piece of broken mirror. Harry moved acro  the room,  lid the mirror fragment off today'  Prophet, and unfolded the new paper. He had merely glanced at the headline when he had taken the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and thrown it a ide, after noting that it  aid nothing about Voldemort. Harry wa   ure that the Mini try wa  leaning on the Prophet to  uppre  new  about Voldemort. It wa  only now, therefore, that he  aw what he had mi ed. Acro  the bottom half of the front page a  maller headline wa   et over a picture of Dumbledore  triding along, looking harried: DUMBLEDORE – THE TRUTH AT LAST? Coming next week, the  hocking  tory of the flawed geniu  con idered by many to be the greate t wizard of hi  generation. Striping away the popular image of  erene,  ilver-bearded wi dom, Rita Skeeter reveal  the di turbed childhood, the lawle  youth, the life-long feud , and the guilty  ecret  that Dumbledore carried to hi  grave, WHY wa  the man tipped to be the Mini ter of Magic content to remain a mere headma ter? WHAT wa  the real purpo e of the  ecret organization known a  the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Dumbledore really meet hi  end? The an wer  to the e and many more que tion  are explored in the explo ive new biography, The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclu ively interviewed by Berry Braithwaite, page 13, in ide. Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. The article wa  topped with a picture  howing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled gla e  with elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth bared in what wa  clearly  uppo ed to be a winning  mile, wiggling her finger  up at him. Doing hi  be t to ignore thi  nau eating image, Harry read on. In per on, Rita Skeeter i  much warmer and  ofter than her famou ly ferociou  quill-portrait  might  ugge t. Greeting me in the hallway of her cozy home,  he lead  me  traight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a  lice of pound cake and, it goe  without  aying, a  teaming vat of fre he t go ip. “Well, of cour e, Dumbledore i  a biographer'  dream,”  ay  Skeeter. “Such a long, full life. I'm  ure my book will be the fir t of very, very many.” Skeeter wa  certainly quick off the mark. Her nine-hundred-page book wa  completed in a mere four week  after Dumbledore'  my teriou  death in June. I a k her how  he managed thi   uperfa t feat. “Oh, when you've been a journali t a  long a  I have, working to a deadline i   econd nature. I knew that the Wizarding world wa  clamoring for the full  tory and I wanted to be the fir t to meet that need.” I mention the recent, widely publicized remark  of Elphia  Doge, Special Advi or to the Wizengamot and long tanding friend of Albu  Dumbledore' , that “Skeeter'  book contain  le  fact than a Chocolate Frog card.” Skeeter throw  back her head and laugh . “Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing him a few year  back about merpeople right , ble  him. Completely gaga,  eemed to think we were  itting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out for trout.” And yet Elphia  Doge'  accu ation  of inaccuracy have been echoed in many place . Doe  Skeeter really feel that four  hort week  have been enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore'  long and extraordinary life? “Oh, my dear,” beam  Skeeter, rapping me affectionately acro  the knuckle , “you know a  well a  I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleon , a refu al to hear the word 'no,' and a nice  harp Quick-Quote  Quill! People were queuing to di h the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone thought he wa   o wonderful, you know – he trod on an awful lot of important toe . But old Dodgy Doge can get off hi  high hippogriff, becau e I've had acce  to a  ource mo t journali t  would  wap their wand  for, one who ha  never  poken in public before and who wa  clo e to Dumbledore during the mo t turbulent and di turbing pha e of hi  youth.” The advance publicity for Skeeter'  biography ha  certainly  ugge ted that there will be  hock  in  tore for tho e who believe Dumbledore to have led a blamele  life. What were the bigge t  urpri e   he uncovered, I a k? “Now, come off it. Betty, I'm not giving away all the highlight  before anybody'  bought the book!” laugh  Skeeter. “But I can promi e that anybody who  till think  Dumbledore wa  white a  hi  beard i  in for a rude awakening! Let'  ju t  ay that nobody hearing him rage again t You-Know-Who would have dreamed that he dabbled in the Dark Art  him elf in hi  youth! And for a wizard who  pent hi  later year  pleading for tolerance, he wa n't exactly broad-minded when he wa  younger! Ye , Albu  Dumbledore had an extremely murky pa t, not to mention that very fi hy family, which he worked  o hard to keep hu hed up.” I a k whether Skeeter i  referring to Dumbledore'  brother, Aberforth, who e conviction by the Wizengamot for mi u e of magic cau ed a minor  candal fifteen year  ago. “Oh, Aberforth i  ju t the tip of the dung heap,” laugh  Skeeter. ”No, no, I'm talking about much wor e than a brother with a fondne  for fiddling about with goat , wor e even than the Muggle-maiming father – Dumbledore couldn't keep either of them quiet anyway, they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it'  the mother and the  i ter that intrigued me, and a little digging uncovered a po itive ne t of na tine  – but, a  I  ay, you'll have to wait for chapter  nine to twelve for full detail . All I can  ay now i , it'  no wonder Dumbledore never talked about how hi  no e got broken." Family  keleton  notwith tanding, doe  Skeeter deny the brilliance that led to Dumbledore'  many magical di coverie ? “He had brain ,”  he concede , “although many now que tion whether he could really take full credit for all of hi   uppo ed achievement . A  I reveal in chapter  ixteen, Ivor Dillon by claim  he had already di covered eight u e  of dragon'  blood when Dumbledore 'borrowed' hi  paper .” But the importance of  ome of Dumbledore'  achievement  cannot, I venture, be denied. What of hi  famou  defeat of Grindelwald? “Oh, now, I'm glad you mentioned Grindelwald,”  ay  Skeeter with  uch a tantalizing  mile. “I'm afraid tho e who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore'   pectacular victory mu t brace them elve  for a bomb hell – or perhap  a Dungbomb. Very dirty bu ine  indeed. All I'll  ay i , don't be  o  ure that there really wa  a  pectacular duel of legend. After they've read my book, people may be forced to conclude that Grindelwald  imply conjured a white handkerchief from the end of hi  wand and came quietly!” Skeeter refu e  to give any more away on thi  intriguing  ubject,  o we turn in tead to the relation hip that will undoubtedly fa cinate her reader  more than any other. Oh ye ,“  ay  Skeeter, nodding bri kly, ”I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relation hip. It'  been called unhealthy, even  ini ter. Again, your reader  will have to buy my book for the whole  tory, but there i  no que tion that Dumbledore took an unnatural intere t in Potter from the word go. Whether that wa  really in the boy'  be t intere t  – well, we'll  ee. It'  certainly an open  ecret that Potter ha  had a mo t troubled adole cence." I a k whether Skeeter i   till in touch with Harry Potter, whom  he  o famou ly interviewed la t year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter  poke exclu ively of hi  conviction that You-Know-Who had returned. “Oh, ye , we've developed a clo er bond,”  ay  Skeeter. “Poor Potter ha  few real friend , and we met at one of the mo t te ting moment  of hi  life – the Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can  ay that they know the real Harry Potter.” Which lead  u  neatly to the many rumor   till circulating about Dumbledore'  final hour . Doe  Skeeter believe that Potter wa  there when Dumbledore died? “Well, I don't want to  ay too much – it'  all in the book – but eyewitne e  in ide Hogwart  ca tle  aw Potter running away from the  cene moment  after Dumbledore fell, jumped, or wa  pu hed. Potter later gave evidence again t Severu  Snape, a man again t whom he ha  a notoriou  grudge. I  everything a  it  eem ? That i  for the Wizarding community to decide – once they've read my book.” On that intriguing note, I take my leave. There can be no doubt that Skeeter ha  quilled an in tant be t eller. Dumbledore'  legion of admirer , meanwhile, may well be trembling at what i   oon to emerge about their hero. Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to  tare blankly at the page. Revul ion and fury ro e in him like vomit; he balled up the new paper and threw it, with all hi  force, at the wall, where it joined the re t of the rubbi h heaped around hi  overflowing bin. He began to  tride blindly around the room, opening empty drawer  and picking up book  only to replace them on the  ame pile , barely con ciou  of what he wa  doing, a  random phra e  from Rita'  article echoed in hi  head: An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relation hip ... It'  been called unhealthy, even  ini ter ... He dabbled in the Dark Art  him elf in hi  youth ... I've had acce  to a  ource mo t journali t  would  wap their wand  for... “Lie !” Harry bellowed, and through the window he  aw the next-door neighbor, who had pau ed to re tart hi  lawn mower, look up nervou ly. Harry  at down hard on the bed. The broken bit of mirror danced away from him; he picked it up and turned it over in hi  finger , thinking, thinking of Dumbledore and the lie  with which Rita Skeeter wa  defaming him ... A fla h of brighte t blue. Harry froze, hi  cut finger  lipping on the jagged edge of the mirror again. He had imagined it, he mu t have done. He glanced over hi   houlder, but the wall wa  a  ickly peach color of Aunt Petunia'  choo ing: There wa  nothing blue there for the mirror to reflect. He peered into the mirror fragment again, and  aw nothing but hi  own bright green eye looking back at him. He had imagined it, there wa  no other explanation; imagined it, becau e he had been thinking of hi  dead headma ter. If anything wa  certain, it wa  that the bright blue eye  of Albu  Dumbledore would never pierce him again. CHATER THREE THE DURSLEYS DEPARTING The  ound of the front door  lamming echoed up the  tair  and a voice roared, “Oh! You!” Sixteen year  of being addre ed thu  left Harry in no doubt when hi  uncle wa  calling, neverthele , he did not immediately re pond. He wa   till at the narrow fragment in which, for a  plit  econd, he had thought he  aw Dumbledore’  eye. It wa  not until hi  uncle bellowed, “BOY!” that Harry got  lowly out of bed and headed for the bedroom door, pau ing to add the piece of broken mirror to the ruck ack filled with thing  he would be taking with him. “You took you time!” roared Vernon Dur ley when Harry appeared at the top of the  tair , “Get down here. I want a word!” Harry  trolled down tair , hi  hand  deep in hi  pant  pocket . When he  earched the living room he found all three Dur ley . They were dre ed for packing; Uncle Vernon in an old ripped-up jacket and Dudley, Harry’ , large, blond, mu cular cou in, in hi  leather jacket. “Ye ?” a ked Harry. “Sit down!”  aid Uncle Vernon. Harry rai ed hi  eyebrow . “Plea e!” added Uncle Vernon, wincing  lightly a  though the word wa   harp in hi  throat. Harry  at. He though he knew what wa  coming. Hi  uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and Dudley, following hi  movement with anxiou  expre ion . Finally, hi  large purple face crumpled with concentration. Uncle Vernon  topped in front of Harry and  poke. "I've changed my mind,” he  aid. “What a  urpri e,”  aid Harry. “Don't you take that tone—” began Aunt Petunia in a  hrill voice, but Vernon Dur ley waved her down “It'  all a lot of claptrap,”  aid Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eye . ”I've decided I don't believe a word of it. We’re  taying put, we’re not going anywhere.” Harry looked up at hi  uncle and felt a mixture of exa peration and amu ement. Vernon Dur ley had been changing hi  mind every twenty four hour  for the pa t four week , packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. Harry’  favorite moment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware that Dudley had added hi  dumbbell  to hi  ca e  ince the la t time it been repacked, had attempted to hoi t it back into the boot and collap ed with a yelp of pain and much  wearing. “According to you,” Vernon Dur ley  aid, now re uming hi  pacing up and down the living room, “we – Petunia, Dudley, and I – are in danger. From – from –“ “Some of ‘my lot’ right?”  aid Harry “Well I don’t believe it,” repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt in front of Harry again. “I wa  awake half the night thinking it all over, and I believe it'  a plot to get the hou e.” “The hou e?” repeated Harry. “What hou e?” “Thi  hou e!”  hrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein hi  forehead  tarting to pul e. “Our hou e! Hou e price  are  kyrocketing around here! You want u  out of the way and then you're going to do a bit of hocu  pocu  and before we know it the deed  will be in your name and –” “Are you out of your mind?“ demanded Harry. ”A plot to get thi  hou e? Are you actually a   tupid a  you look?" “Don't you dare --!”  quealed Aunt Petunia, but again Vernon waved her down. Slight  on hi  per onal appearance were it  eemed a  nothing to the danger he had  potted. “Ju t in ca e you've forgotten,”  aid Harry, “I've already got a hou e my godfather left me one. So why would I want thi  one? All the happy memorie ?” There wa   ilence. Harry thought he had rather impre ed hi  uncle with thi  argument. “You claim,”  aid Uncle Vernon,  tarting to pace yet again, “that thi  Lord Thing –” “—Voldemort,”  aid Harry impatiently, "and we've been through thi  about a hundred time  already. Thi  i n't a claim, it'  fact. Dumbledore told you la t year, and King ley and Mr. Wea ley “ Vernon Dur ley hunched hi   houlder  angrily, and Harry gue ed that hi  uncle wa  attempting to ward off recollection  of the unannounced vi it, a few day  into Harry'   ummer holiday , of two fully grown wizard . The arrival on the door tep of King ley Shacklebolt and Arthur Wea ley had come a  a mo t unplea ant  hock to the Dur ley . Harry had to admit, however that a  Mr. Wea ley had once demoli hed half of the living room, hi  reappearance could not have been expected to delight Uncle Vernon. “King ley and Mr. Wea ley explained it all a  well,” Harry pre ed on remor ele ly, “Once I'm  eventeen, the protective charm that keep  me  afe will break, and that expo e  you a  well a  me. The Order i   ure Voldemort will target you, whether to torture you to try and find out where I am, or becau e he think  by holding you ho tage I'd come and try to re cue you.” Uncle Vernon'  and Harry'  eye  met. Harry wa   ure that in that in tant they were both wondering the  ame thing. Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry re umed, “You've got to go into hiding and the Order want  to help. You're being offered  eriou  protection, the be t there i .” Uncle Vernon  aid nothing but continued to pace up and down. Out ide the  un hung low over the privet hedge . The next door neighbor'  lawn mower  talled again. “I thought there wa  a Mini try of Magic?” a ked Vernon Dur ley abruptly. “There i ,”  aid Harry,  urpri ed. “Well, then, why can't they protect u ? It  eem  to me that, a  innocent victim , guilty of nothing more than harboring a marked man, we ought to qualify for government protection!” Harry laughed; he could not help him elf. It wa   o very typical of hi  uncle to put hi  hope  in the e tabli hment, even within thi  world that he de pi ed and mi tru ted. “You heard what Mr. Wea ley and King ley  aid,” Harry replied. “We think the Mini try ha  been infiltrated.” Uncle Vernon  trode back to the fireplace and back breathing  o  trongly that hi  great black mu tache rippled hi  face  till purple with concentration. “All right,” he  aid. Stopping in front of Harry get again. “All right, let'   ay for the  ake of argument we accept thi  protection. I  till don't  ee why we can't have that King ley bloke.” Harry managed not to roll hi  eye , but with difficulty. Thi  que tion had al o been addre ed half a dozen time . “A  I've told you,” he  aid through gritted teeth, “King ley i  protecting the Mug – I mean, your Prime Mini ter.” “Exactly – he'  the be t!”  aid Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank televi ion  creen. The Dur ley  had  potted King ley on the new , walking along the Muggle Prime Mini ter a  he vi ited a ho pital. Thi , and the fact that King ley had ma tered the knack of dre ing like a Muggle, not to mention a certain rea uring  omething in hi   low, deep voice, had cau ed the Dur ley  to take to King ley in a way that they had certainly not done with any other wizard, although it wa  true that they had never  een him with earring in. “Well, he'  taken,”  aid Harry. ”But He tia Jone  and Dedalu  Diggle are more than up to the job –" “If we'd even  een CV …” began Uncle Vernon, but Harry lo t patience. Getting to hi  feet, he advanced on hi  uncle, not pointing at the TV  et him elf. “The e accident  aren't accident  – the cra hed and explo ion  and derailment  and whatever el e ha  happened  ince we la t watched the new . People are di appearing and dying and he'  behind it – Voldemort. I've told you thi  over and over again, he kill  Muggle  for fun. Even the fog  – they're cau ed by dementor , and if you can't remember what they are, a k your  on!” Dudley '  hand  jerked upward to tower hi  mouth. With hi  parent ' and Harry'  eye  upon him, he  lowly lowered them again and a ked, “There are… more of them?” “More?” laughed Harry. “More than the two that attacked u , you mean? Of cour e there are hundred , maybe thou and  by thi  time,  eeing a  they feed off fear and de pair—” “All right, all right,” blu tered Vernon Dur ley. “You've made your point –” “I hope  o,”  aid Harry, “becau e once I'm  eventeen, all of them – Death Eater , dementor , maybe even Inferi – which mean  dead bodie  enchanted by a Dark wizard – will be able to find you and will certainly attack you. And if you remember the la t time you tried to outrun wizard , I think you'll agree you need help.” There wa  a brief  ilence in which the di tant echo of Hagrid  ma hing down a wooden front door  eemed to reverberate through the intervening year . Aunt Petunia wa  looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley wa   taring at Harry. Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, “But what about my work? What about Dudley'   chool? I don't  uppo e tho e thing  matter to a bunch of layabout wizard  –” “Don't you under tand?”  houted Harry. “They will torture and kill you like they did my parent !” “Dad,”  aid Dudley in a loud voice, “Dad – I'm going with the e Order people.” “Dudley,”  aid Harry, “for the fir t time in your life, you're talking  en e.” He knew the battle wa  won. If Dudley wa  frightened enough to accept the Order'  help, hi  parent  would accompany him. There could be no que tion of being  eparated from their Duddykin . Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece. "They'll be here in about five minute , he  aid, and when one of the Dur ley  replied, he left the room. The pro pect of parting—probably forever – from hi  aunt, uncle, and cou in wa  one that he wa  able to contemplate quite cheerfully but there wa  neverthele  a certain awkwardne  in the air. What did you  ay to one another at the end of  ixteen year '  olid di like? Back in hi  bedroom, Harry fiddled aimle ly with hi  ruck ack then poked a couple of owl nut  through the bat  of Hedwig'  cage. They fell with dull thud  to the bottom where  he ignored them. “We're leaving  oon, really  oon,” Harry told her. “And then you'll be able to fly again.” The doorbell rang. Harry he itated, then headed back out of hi  room and down tair . It wa  too much to expect He tia and Dedalu  to cope with the Dur ley  on their own. “Harry Potter!”  queaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a  mall man in a mauve top hat that wa   weeping him a deep bow. “An honor a  ever!” “Thank , Dedalu ,”  aid Harry, be towing a  mall and embarra ed  mile upon the dark haired He tia. “It'  really good of you to do thi … They're through here, my aunt and uncle and cou in…” “Good day to you, Harry Potter'  relative !”  aid Dedalu  happily  triding into the living room. The Dur ley  did not look at all happy to be addre ed thu ; Harry half expected another change of mind. Dudley  hrank neared to hi  mother at the  ight of the witch and wizard. “I  ee you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, a  Harry ha  told you, i  a  imple one,”  aid Dedalu , pulling an immen e pocket watch out of hi  wai tcoat and examining it. “We  hall be leaving before Harry doe . Due to the danger of u ing magic in your hou e –Harry being  till underage it could provide the Mini try with an excu e to arre t him – we  hall be driving,  ay, ten mile  or  o before Di apparating to the  afe location we have picked out for you. You know how to drive, I take it?” He a ked Uncle Vernon politely. “Know how to –? Of cour e I ruddy well know how to drive!”  pluttered Uncle Vernon. “Very clever of you,  ir, very clever. I per onally would be utterly bamboozled by all tho e button  and knob ,”  aid Dedalu . He wa  clearly under the impre ion that he wa  flattering Vernon Dur ley, who wa  vi ibly lo ing confidence in the plan with every word Dedalu   poke. “Can't even drive,” he muttered under hi  breath, hi  mu tache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither Dedalu  nor He tia  eemed to hear him. “You, Harry,” Dedalu  continued, “will wait here for your guard. There ha  been a little change in the arrangement  –” “What d'you mean?“  aid Harry at once. ”I thought Mad-Eye wa  going to come and take me by Side Along-Apparition?" “Can't do it,”  aid He tia ter ely, “Mad-Eye will explain.” The Dur ley , who had li tened to all of thi  with look  of utter incomprehen ion on their face , jumped a  a loud voice  creeched, “Hurry up!” Harry looked all around the room before realizing the voice had i ued from Dedalu '  pocket watch. “Quite right, were operating to a very tight  chedule,”  aid Dedalu  nodding at hi  watch and tucking it back into hi  wai t coat. “We are attempting to time your departure from the hou e with your family'  Di apparition, Harry thu  the charm break  the moment you all head for  afety.” He turned to the Dur ley , “Well, are we all packed and ready to go?” None of them an wered him. Uncle Vernon wa   till  taring appalled at the bulge in Dedalu '  wai tcoat pocket. “Perhap  we  hould wait out ide in the hall, Dedalu ,” murmured He tia. She clearly felt that it would be tactle  for them to remain the room while Harry and the Dur ley  exchanged loving, po ibly tearful farewell . “There'  no need,” Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnece ary by  aying loudly, “Well, thi  i  good-bye then boy.” He  wung hi  right arm upward to  hake Harry'  hand, but at the la t moment  eemed unable to face it, and merely clo ed hi  fi t and began  winging it backward and forward like a metronome. “Ready, Duddy?” a ked Petunia, fu ily checking the cla p of her handbag  o a  to avoid looking at Harry altogether. Dudley did not an wer but  tood there with hi  mouth  lightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the giant, Grawp. “Come along, then,”  aid Uncle Vernon. He had already reached the living room door when Dudley mumbled, “I don't under tand.” “What don't you under tand, popkin?” a ked Petunia looking up at her  on. Dudley rai ed a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry. "Why i n't he coming with u ? Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze when they  tood  taring at Dudley a  though he had ju t expre ed a de ire to become a ballerina. “What?”  aid Uncle Vernon loudly. “Why i n't he coming too?” a ked Dudley. “Well, he—doe n't want to,”  aid Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, “You don't want to, do you?” “Not in the  lighte t,”  aid Harry. “There you are,” Uncle Vernon told Dudley. “Now come on we're off.” He marched out of the room. They heard the front door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few faltering  tep  Aunt Petunia  topped too. “What now?” barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the doorway. It  eemed that Dudley wa   truggling with concept  too difficult to put into word . After  everal moment  of apparently painful internal  truggle he  aid, “But where'  he going to go?” Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. It wa  clear that Dudley wa  frightening them. He tia Jone  broke the  ilence. “But…  urely you know where your nephew i  going?”  he a ked looking bewildered. “Certainly we know,”  aid Vernon Dur ley. "He'  off with  ome of your lot, i n't he? Right, Dudley, let'  get in the car, you heard the man, we're in a hurry. Again, Vernon Dur ley marched a  far a  the front door, but Dudley did not follow. “Off with  ome of our lot?” He tia looked outraged. Harry had met thi  attitude before Witche  and wizard   eemed  tunned that hi  clo ed living relative  took  o little intere t in the famou  Harry Potter. “It'  fine,” Harry a ured her. “It doe n't matter, hone tly.” “Doe n't matter?” repeated He tia, her voice ri ing con iderably. “Don't the e people realize what you've been through? What danger you are in? The unique po ition you hold in the heart  of the anti Voldemort movement?” “Er –no, they don't,”  aid Harry. “They think I'm a wa te of  pace, actually but I'm u ed to –” “I don't think you're a wa te of  pace” If Harry had not  een Dudley'  lip  move, he might not have believed it. A  it wa , he  tared at Dudley for  everal  econd  before accepting that it mu t have been hi  cou in who had  poken; for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry wa  embarra ed and a toni hed him elf. “Well... er… thank , Dudley.” Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thought  too unwieldy for expre ion before mumbling, “You  aved my life,” “Not really,”  aid Harry. “It wa  your  oul the dementor would have taken…” He looked curiou ly at hi  cou in. They had had virtually no contact during thi   ummer or la t, a  Harry had come back to Privet Drive  o briefly and kept to hi  room  o much. It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which he had trodden that morning might not have been a booby trap at all. Although rather touched he wa  neverthele  quite relieved that Dudley appeared to have exhau ted hi  ability to expre  hi  feeling . After opening hi  mouth once or twice more, Dudley  ub ided into  carlet-faced  ilence. Aunt Petunia bur t into tear . He tia Jone  gave her an approving look that changed to outrage a  Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry. “S- o  weet, Dudder …”  he  obbed into hi  ma ive che t. “S- uch a lovely b-boy…  - aying thank you…” “But he ha n't  aid thank you at all!”  aid He tia indignantly. “He only  aid he didn't think Harry wa  a wa te of  pace!” “Yea but coming from Dudley that'  like 'I love you,'”  aid Harry, torn between annoyance and a de ire to laugh a  Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley a  if he had ju t  aved Harry from a burning building. “Are we going or not?” roared Uncle Vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door. “I thought we were on a tight  chedule!” “Ye  –ye , we are,”  aid Dedalu  Diggle, who had been watching the e exchanged with an air of bemu ement and now  eemed to pull him elf together. “We really mu t be off. Harry –” He tripped forward and wrung Harry'  hand with both of hi  own. “—good luck. I hope we meet again. The hope  of the Wizarding world re t upon your  houlder .” “Oh,”  aid Harry, “right. Thank .” “Farwell, Harry,”  aid He tia al o cla ping hi  hand. “Our thought  go with you.” “I hope everything'  okay,”  aid Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley. “Oh I'm  ure we  hall end up the be t of chum ,”  aid Diggle  lightly, waving hi  hat a  he left the room. He tia followed him. Dudley gently relea ed him elf from hi  mother'  clutche  and walked toward Harry who had to repre  an urge to threaten him with magic. Then Dudley held out hi  large, pink hand. “Blimey, Dudley,”  aid Harry over Aunt Petunia'  renewed  ob , “did the dementor  blow a different per onality into you?” “Dunno,” muttered Dudley, “See you, Harry.” “Yea …”  aid Harry, raking Dudley'  hand and  haking it. “Maybe. Take care, Big D.” Dudley nearly  miled. They lumbered from the room. Harry heard hi  heavy footfall  on the graveled drive, and then a car door  lammed. Aunt Petunia who e face had been buried in her handkerchief looked around at the  ound. She did not  eem to have expected to find her elf alone with Harry. Ha tily  towing her wet handkerchief into her pocket,  he  aid, “Well – good-bye” and marched toward  the door without looking at him. “Good-bye”  aid Harry. She  topped and looked back. For a moment Harry had the  trange t feeling that  he wanted to  ay  omething to him; She gave him an odd, tremulou  look and  eemed to teeter on the edge of  peech, but then, with a little of her head,  he hu tled out of the room after he hu band and  on. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER FOUR THE SEVEN POTTERS Harry ran back up tair  to hi  bedroom, arriving at the window ju t in time to  ee the Dur ley ' car  winging out of the drive and off up the road. Dedalu ’  top hat wa  vi ible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the back eat. The car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, it  window  burned  carlet for a moment in the now  etting  un, and then it wa  gone. Harry picked up Hedwig’  cage, hi  Firebolt, and hi  ruck ack, gave hi  unnaturally tidy bedroom one la t  weeping look, and then made hi  ungainly way back down tair  to the hall, where he depo ited cage, broom tick, and bag near the foot of the  tair . The light wa  fading rapidly, the hall full of  hadow  in the evening light. It felt mo t  trange to  tand here in the  ilence and know that he wa  about to leave the hou e for the la t time. Long ago, when he had been left alone while the Dur ley  went out to enjoy them elve , the hour  of  olitude had been a rare treat. Pau ing only to  neak  omething ta ty from the fridge, he had ru hed up tair  to play on Dudley’  computer, or put on the televi ion and flicked through the channel  to hi  heart’  content. It gave him an odd, empty feeling remembering tho e time ; it wa  like remembering a younger brother whom he had lo t. “Don’t you want to take a la t look at the place?” he a ked Hedwig, who wa   till  ulking with her head under her wing. “We’ll never be here again. Don’t you want to remember all the good time ? I mean, look at thi  doormat. What memorie  … Dudley  obbed on it after I  aved him from the dementor  … Turn  out he wa  grateful after all, can you believe it? … And la t  ummer, Dumbledore walked through that front door … “ Harry lo t the thread of hi  thought  for a moment and Hedwig did nothing to help him retrieve it, but continued to  it with her head under her wing. Harry turned hi  back on the front door. “And under here, Hedwig” – Harry pulled open a door under the  tair  – “i  where I u ed to  leep! You never knew me then – Blimey, it’   mall, I’d forgotten … “ Harry looked around at the  tacked  hoe  and umbrella  remembering how he u ed to wake every morning looking up at the under ide of the  tairca e, which wa  more often than not adorned with a  pider or two. Tho e had been the day  before he had known anything about hi  true identity; before he had found out how hi  parent  had died or why  uch  trange thing  often happened around him. But Harry could  till remember the dream  that had dogged him, even in tho e day : confu ed dream  involving fla he  of green light and once – Uncle Vernon had nearly cra hed the car when Harry had recounted it – a flying motorbike … There wa  a  udden, deafening roar from  omewhere nearby. Harry  traightened up with a jerk and  macked the top of hi  head on the low door frame. Pau ing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernon’  choice t  wear word , he  taggered back into the kitchen, clutching hi  head and  taring out of the window into the back garden. The darkne   eemed to be rippling, the air it elf quivering. Then, one by one, figure  began to pop into  ight a  their Di illu ionment Charm  lifted. Dominating the  cene wa  Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggle  and  itting a tride an enormou  motorbike with a black  idecar attached. All around him other people were di mounting from broom  and, in two ca e ,  keletal, black winged hor e . Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into their mid t. There wa  a general cry of greeting a  Hermione flung her arm  around him, Ron clapped him on the back, and Hagrid  aid, “All righ’, Harry? Ready fer the off?” “Definitely,”  aid Harry, beaming around at them all. “But I wa n’t expecting thi  many of you!” “Change of plan,” growled Mad-Eye, who wa  holding two enormou  bulging  ack , and who e magical eye wa   pinning from darkening  ky to hou e to garden with dizzying rapidity. “Let’  get undercover before we talk you through it.” Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they  ettled on chair ,  at them elve  upon Aunt Petunia’  gleaming work  urface , or leaned up again t her  potle  appliance ; Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bu hy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly  carred and long-haired; Mr. Wea ley, kind-faced, balding, hi   pectacle  a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, hi  bright blue magical eye whizzing in it   ocket; Tonk , who e  hort hair wa  her favorite  hade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur,  lender and beautiful, with her long  ilvery blonde hair; King ley, bald and broad- houldered; Hagrid, with hi  wild hair and beard,  tanding hunchbacked to avoid hitting hi  head on the ceiling; and Mundungu  Fletcher,  mall, dirty, and hangdog, with hi  droopy beady hound’  eye  and matted hair. Harry’  heart  eemed to expand and glow at the  ight: He felt incredibly fond of all of them, even Mundungu , whom he had tried to  trangle the la t time they had met. “King ley, I thought you were looking after the Muggle Prime Mini ter?” he called acro  the room. “He can get along without me for one night,”  aid King ley, “You’re more important.” “Harry, gue  what?”  aid Tonk  from her perch on top of the wa hing machine, and  he wiggled her left hand at him; a ring gli tened there. “You got married?” Harry yelped, looking from her to Lupin. “I’m  orry you couldn’t be there, Harry, it wa  very quiet.” “That’  brilliant, congrat –“ “All right, all right, we’ll have time for a cozy catch-up later,” roared Moody over the hubbub, and  ilence fell in the kitchen. Moody dropped hi   ack  at hi  feet and turned to Harry. “A  Dedalu  probably told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Piu  Thickne e ha  gone over, which give  u  a big problem. He’  made it an impri onable offen e to connect thi  hou e to the Floo Network, place a Portkey here, or Apparate in or out. All done in the name of your protection, to prevent You-Know-Who getting in at you. Ab olutely pointle ,  eeing a  your mother’  charm doe  that already. What he’  really done i  to  top you getting out of here  afely.” “Second problem: You’re underage, which mean  you’ve  till got the Trace on you.” “I don’t –“ “The Trace, the Trace!”  aid Mad-Eye impatiently. “The charm that detect  magical activity around under- eventeen , the way the Mini try find  out about underage magic! If you, or anyone around you, ca t  a  pell to get you out of here, Thickne e i  going to know about it, and  o will the Death Eater .” “We can’t wait for the Trace to break, becau e the moment you turn  eventeen you’ll lo e all the protection your mother gave you. In  hort, Piu  Thickne e think  he’  got you cornered good and proper.” Harry could not help but agree with the unknown Thickne e. “So what are we going to do?” “We’re going to u e the only mean  of tran port left to u , the only one  the Trace can’t detect, becau e we don’t need to ca t  pell  to u e them: broom , the tral , and Hagrid’  motorbike.” Harry could  ee flaw  in thi  plan; however, he held hi  tongue to give Mad-Eye the chance to addre  them. “Now, your mother’  charm will only break under two condition : when you come of age, or” – Moody ge tured around the pri tine kitchen – “you no longer call thi  place home. You and your aunt and uncle are going your  eparate way  tonight, in the full under tanding that you’re never going to live together again, correct?” Harry nodded. “So thi  time, when you leave, there’ll be no going back, and the charm will break the moment you get out ide it  range. We’re choo ing to break it early, becau e the alternative i  waiting for You-Know-Who to come and  eize you the moment you turn  eventeen. “The one thing we’ve got on our  ide i  that You-Know-Who doe n’t know we’re moving you tonight. We’ve leaked a fake trail to the Mini try: They think you’re not leaving until the thirtieth. However, thi  i  You-Know-Who we’re dealing with,  o we can’t rely on him getting the date wrong; he’  bound to have a couple of Death Eater  patrolling the  kie  in thi  general area, ju t in ca e. So, we’ve given a dozen different hou e  every protection we can throw at them. They all look like they could be the place we’re going to hide you, they’ve all got  ome connection with the Order: my hou e, King ley’  place, Molly’  Auntie Muriel’  – you get the idea.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, not entirely truthfully, becau e he could  till  pot a gaping hole in the plan. “You’ll be going to Tonk ’  parent . Once you’re within the boundarie  of the protective enchantment  we’ve put on their hou e you’ll be able to u e a Portkey to the Burrow. Any que tion ?” “Er – ye ,”  aid Harry. “Maybe they won’t know which of the twelve  ecure hou e  I’m heading for at fir t, but won’t it be  ort of obviou  once” – he performed a quick headcount – “fourteen of u  fly off toward Tonk ’  parent ?” “Ah,”  aid Moody, “I forgot to mention the key point. Fourteen of u  won’t be flying to Tonk ’  parent . There will be  even Harry Potter  moving through the  kie  tonight, each of them with a companion, each pair heading for a different  afe hou e.” From in ide hi  cloak Moody now withdrew a fla k of what looked like mud. There wa  no need for him to  ay another word; Harry under tood the re t of the plan immediately. “No!” he  aid loudly, hi  voice ringing through the kitchen. “No way!” “I told them you’d take it like thi ,”  aid Hermione with a hint of complacency. “If you think I’m going to let  ix people ri k their live  -- !” “—becau e it’  the fir t time for all of u ,”  aid Ron. “Thi  i  different, pretending to be me –“ “Well, none of u  really fancy it, Harry,”  aid Fred earne tly. “Imagine if  omething went wrong and we were  tuck a   pecky,  crawny git  forever.” Harry did not  mile. “You can’t do it if I don’t cooperate, you need me to give you  ome hair.” “Well, that’  the plan  cuppered,”  aid George. “Obviou ly there’  no chance at all of u  getting a bit of your hair unle  you cooperate.” “Yeah, thirteen of u  again t one bloke who’  not allowed to u e magic; we’ve got no chance,”  aid Fred. “Funny,”  aid Harry, “really amu ing.” “If it ha  to come to force, then it will,” growled Moody, hi  magical eye now quivering a little in it   ocket a  he glared at Harry. “Everyone here’  overage, Potter, and they’re all prepared to take the ri k.” Mundungu   hrugged and grimaced; the magical eye  werved  ideway  to glance at him out of the  ide of Moody’  head. “Let’  have no more argument . Time’  wearing on. I want a few of your hair , boy, now.” “But thi  i  mad, there’  no need –“ “No need!”  narled Moody. “With You-Know-Who out there and half the Mini try on hi   ide? Potter, if we’re lucky he’ll have  wallowed the fake bait and he’ll be planning to ambu h you on the thirtieth, but he’d be mad not to have a Death Eater or two keeping an eye out, it’  what I’d do. They might not be able to get at you or thi  hou e while your mother’  charm hold , but it’  about to break and they know the rough po ition of the place. Our only chance i  to u e decoy . Even You-Know-Who can’t  plit him elf into  even.” Harry caught Hermione’  eye and looked away at once. “So, Potter –  ome of your hair, if you plea e.” Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at him in a ju t-do-it  ort of way. “Now!” barked Moody. With all of their eye  upon him, Harry reached up to the top of hi  head, grabbed a hank of hair, and pulled. “Good,”  aid Moody, limping forward a  he pulled the  topper out of the fla k of potion. “Straight in here, if you plea e.” Harry dropped the hair into the mudlike liquid. The moment it made contact with it   urface, the potion began to froth and  moke, then, all at once, it turned a clear, bright gold. “Ooh, you look much ta tier than Crabbe and Goyle, Harry,”  aid Hermione, before catching  ight of Ron’  rai ed eyebrow , blu hing  lightly, and  aying, “Oh, you know what I mean – Goyle’  potion ta ted like bogie .” “Right then, fake Potter  line up over here, plea e,”  aid Moody. Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleur lined up in front of Aunt Petunia’  gleaming  ink. “We’re one  hort,”  aid Lupin. “Here,”  aid Hagrid gruffly, and he lifted Mundungu  by the  cruff of the neck and dropped him down be ide Fleur, who wrinkled her no e pointedly and moved along to  tand between Fred and George in tead. “I’m a  oldier, I’d  ooner be a protector,”  aid Mundungu . “Shut it,” growled Moody. “A  I’ve already told you, you  pinele  worm, any Death Eater  we run into will be aiming to capture Potter, not kill him. Dumbledore alway   aid You-Know-Who would want to fini h Potter in per on. It’ll be the protector  who have got the mo t to worry about, the Death Eater ’ll want to kill them.” Mundungu  did not look particularly rea ured, but Moody wa  already pulling half a dozen eggcup- ized gla e  from in ide hi  cloak, which he handed out, before pouring a little Polyjuice Potion into each one. “Altogether, then … “ Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungu  drank. All of them ga ped and grimaced a  the potion hit their throat ; At once, their feature  began to bubble and di tort like hot wax. Hermione and Mundungu  were  hooting upward; Ron, Fred, and George were  hrinking; their hair wa  darkening, Hermione’  and Fleur’  appearing to  hoot backward into their  kull . Moody, quite unconcerned, wa  now loo ening the tie  of the large  ack  he had brought with him. When he  traightened up again, there were  ix Harry Potter  ga ping and panting in front of him. Fred and George turned to each other and  aid together, “Wow – we’re identical!” “I dunno, though, I think I’m  till better-looking,”  aid Fred, examining hi  reflection in the kettle. “Bah,”  aid Fleur, checking her elf in the microwave door, “Bill, don’t look at me – I’m ‘ideou .” “Tho e who e clothe  are a bit roomy, I’ve got  maller here,”  aid Moody, indicating the fir t  ack, “and vice ver a. Don’t forget the gla e , there’   ix pair  in the  ide pocket. And when you’re dre ed, there’  luggage in the other  ack.” The real Harry thought that thi  might ju t be the mo t bizarre thing he had ever  een, and he had  een  ome extremely odd thing . He watched a  hi   ix doppelganger  rummaged in the  ack , pulling out  et  of clothe , putting on gla e ,  tuffing their own thing  away. He felt like a king them to  how a little more re pect for privacy a  they all began  tripping off with impunity, clearly more at ea e with di playing hi  body than they would have been with their own. “I knew Ginny wa  lying about that tattoo,”  aid Ron, looking down at hi  bare che t. “Harry, your eye ight really i  awful,”  aid Hermione, a   he put on gla e . Once dre ed, the fake Harry  took ruck ack  and owl cage , each containing a  tuffed  nowy owl, from the  econd  ack. “Good,”  aid Moody, a  at la t  even dre ed, be pectacled, and luggage-laden Harry  faced him. “The pair  will be a  follow : Mundungu  will be traveling with me, by broom –“ “Why’m I with you?” grunted the Harry neare t the back door. “Becau e you’re the one that need  watching,” growled Moody, and  ure enough, hi  magical eye did not waver from Mundungu  a  he continued, “Arthur and Fred –“ “I’m George,”  aid the twin at whom Moody wa  pointing. “Can’t you even tell u  apart when we’re Harry?” “Sorry, George –“ “I’m only yanking your wand, I’m Fred really –“ “Enough me ing around!”  narled Moody. “The other one – George or Fred or whoever you are – you’re with Remu . Mi  Delacour –“ “I’m taking Fleur on a the tral,”  aid Bill. “She’  not that fond of broom .” Fleur walked over to  tand be ide him, giving him a  oppy,  lavi h look that Harry hoped with all hi  heart would never appear on hi  face again. “Mi  Granger with King ley, again by the tral –“ Hermione looked rea ured a   he an wered King ley’   mile; Harry knew that Hermione too lacked confidence on a broom tick. “Which leave  you and me, Ron!”  aid Tonk  brightly, knocking over a mug tree a   he waved at him. Ron did not look quite a  plea ed a  Hermione. “An’ you’re with me, Harry. That all righ’?”  aid Hagrid, looking a little anxiou . “We’ll be on the bike, broom  an’ the tral  can’t take me weight,  ee. Not a lot o’ room on the  eat with me on it, though,  o you’ll be in the  idecar.” “That’  great,”  aid Harry, not altogether truthfully. “We think the Death Eater  will expect you to be on a broom,”  aid Moody, who  eemed to gue  how Harry wa  feeling. “Snape’  had plenty of time to tell them everything about you he’  never mentioned before,  o if we do run into any Death Eater , we’re betting they’ll choo e one of the Potter  who look  at home on a broom tick. All right then,” he went on, tying up the  ack with the fake Potter ’ clothe  in it and leading the way back to the door, “I make it three minute  until we’re  uppo ed to leave. No point locking the back door, it won’t keep the Death Eater  out when they come looking. Come on …” Harry hurried to gather hi  ruck ack, Firebolt, and Hedwig’  cage and followed the group to the dark back garden. On every  ide broom tick  were leaping into hand ; Hermione had already been helped up onto a great black the tral by King ley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid wa   tanding ready be ide the motorbike, goggle  on. “I  thi  it? I  thi  Siriu ’  bike?” “The very  ame,”  aid Hagrid, beaming down at Harry. “An’ the la t time yeh wa  on it, Harry, I could fit yeh in one hand!” Harry could not help but feel a little humiliated a  he got into the  idecar. It placed him  everal feet below everybody el e: Ron  mirked at the  ight of him  itting there like a child in a bumper car. Harry  tuffed hi  ruck ack and broom tick down by hi  feet and rammed Hedwig’  cage between hi  knee . He wa  extremely uncomfortable. “Arthur’  done a bit o’ tinkerin’,”  aid Hagrid, quite obliviou  to Harry’  di comfort. He  ettled him elf a tride the motorcycle, which creaked  lightly and  ank inche  into the ground. “It’  got a few trick  up it   leeve  now. Tha’ one wa  my idea.” He pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the  peedometer. “Plea e be careful, Hagrid.”  aid Mr. Wea ley, who wa   tanding be ide them, holding hi  broom tick. “I'm  till not  ure that wa  advi able and it'  certainly only to be u ed in emergencie .” “All right, then.”  aid Moody. “Everyone ready, plea e. I want u  all to leave at exactly the  ame time or the whole point of the diver ion'  lo t.” Everybody motioned their head . “Hold tight now, Ron,”  aid Tonk , and Harry  aw Ron throw a forcing, guilty look at Lupin before placing hi  hand  on each  ide of her wai t. Hagrid kicked the motorbike into life: It roared like a dragon, and the  idecar began to vibrate. “Good luck, everyone,”  houted Moody. “See you all in about an hour at the Burrow. On the count of three. One … two .. THREE.” There wa  a great roar from the motorbike, and Harry felt the  idecar give a na ty lurch. He wa  ri ing through the air fa t, hi  eye  watering  lightly, hair whipped back off hi  face. Around him broom  were  oaring upward too; the long black tail of a the tral flicked pa t. Hi  leg , jammed into the  idecar by Hedwig’  cage and hi  ruck ack, were already  ore and  tarting to go numb. So great wa  hi  di comfort that he almo t forgot to take a la t glimp e of number four Privet Drive . By the time he looked over the edge of the  idecar he could no longer tell which one it wa . And then, out of nowhere, out of nothing, they were  urrounded. At lea t thirty hooded figure ,  u pended in midair, formed a va t circle in the middle of which the Order member  had ri en, obliviou  – Scream , a blaze of green light on every  ide: Hagrid gave a yell and the motorbike rolled over. Harry lo t any  en e of where they were. Streetlight  above him, yell  around him, he wa  clinging to the  idecar for dear life. Hedwig'  cage, the Firebolt, and hi  ruck ack  lipped from beneath hi  knee  – “No – HELP!” The broom tick  pun too, but he ju t managed to  eize the  trap of hi  ruck ack and the top of the cage a  the motorbike  wung the right way up again. A  econd'  relief, and then another bur t of green light. The owl  creeched and fell to the floor of the cage. “No – NO!” The motorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimp ed hooded Death Eater   cattering a  Hagrid bla ted through their circle. “Hedwig – Hedwig –” But the owl lay motionle  and pathetic a  a toy on the floor of her cage. He could not take it in, and hi  terror for the other  wa  paramount. He glanced over hi   houlder and  aw a ma  of people moving, flare  of green light, two pair  of people on broom   oaring off into the di tance, but he could not tell who they were – “Hagrid, we've got to go back, we've got to go back!” he yelled over the thunderou  roar of the engine, pulling out hi  wand, ramming Hedwig'  cage into the floor, refu ing to believe that  he wa  dead. “Hagrid, TURN AROUND!” “My job'  ter get you there  afe, Harry!” bellow Hagrid, and he opened the throttle. “Stop – STOP!” Harry  houted, but a  he looked back again two jet  of green light flew pa t hi  left ear: Four Death Eater  had broken away from the circle and were pur uing them, aiming for Hagrid'  broad back. Hagrid  werved, but the Death Eater  were keeping up with the bike; more cur e   hot after them, and Harry had to  ink low into the  idecar to avoid them. Wriggling around he cried, “Stupefy!” and a red bolt of light  hot from hi  own wand, cleaving a gap between the four pur uing Death Eater  a  they  cattered to avoid it. “Hold on, Harry, thi 'll do for 'em!” roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up ju t in time to  ee Hagrid  lamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge. A wall, a  olid black wall, erupted out of the exhau t pipe. Craning hi  neck, Harry  aw it expand into being in midair. Three of the Death Eater   werved and avoided it, but the fourth wa  not  o lucky; He vani hed from view and then dropped like a boulder from behind it, hi  broom tick broken into piece . One of hi  fellow   lowed up to  ave him, but they and the airborne wall were  wallowed by darkne  a  Hagrid leaned low over the handlebar  and  ped up. More Killing Cur e  flew pa t Harry'  head from the two remaining Death Eater ' wand ; they were aiming for Hagrid. Harry re ponded with further Stunning Spell : Red and green collided in midair in a  hower of multicolored  park , and Harry thought wildly of firework , and the Muggle  below who would have no idea what wa  happening – “Here we go again, Harry, hold on!” yelled Hagrid, and he jabbed at a  econd button. Thi  time a great net bur t from the bike'  exhau t, but the Death Eater  were ready for it. Not only did they  werve to avoid it, but the companion who had  lowed to  ave their uncon ciou  friend had caught up. He bloomed  uddenly out of the darkne  and now three of them were pur uing the motorbike, all  hooting cur e  after it. “Thi 'll do it, Harry, hold on tight!” yelled Hagrid, and Harry  aw him  lam hi  whole hand onto the purple button be ide the  peedometer. With an unmi takable bellowing roar, dragon fire bur t from the exhau t, white-hot and blue, and the motorbike  hot forward like a bullet with a  ound of wrenching metal. Harry  aw the Death Eater   werve out of  ight to avoid the deadly trail of flame, and at the  ame time felt the  idecar  way ominou ly: It  metal connection  to the bike had  plintered with the force of acceleration. “It'  all righ', Harry!” bellowed Hagrid, now thrown flat onto the back by the  urge of  peed; nobody wa   teering now, and the  idecar wa   tarting to twi t violently in the bike'   lip tream. “I'm on it, Harry, don' worry!” Hagrid yelled, and from in ide hi  jacket pocket he pulled hi  flowery pink umbrella. “Hagrid! No! Let me!” “REPARO!” There wa  a deafening bang and the  idecar broke away from the bike completely. Harry  ped forward, propelled by the impetu  of the bike'  flight, then the  idecar began to lo e height – In de peration Harry pointed hi  wand at the  idecar and  houted, “Wingardium Levio a!” The  idecar ro e like a cork, un teerable but at lea t  till airborne. He had but a  plit  econd'  relief, however, a  more cur e   treaked pa t him: The three Death Eater  were clo ing in. “I'm comin', Harry!” Hagrid yelled from out of the darkne , but Harry could feel the  idecar beginning to  ink again: Crouching a  low a  he could, he pointed at the middle of the oncoming figure  and yelled, “Impedimenta!” The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the che t; For a moment the man wa  ab urdly  pread-eagled in midair a  though he had hit an invi ible barrier: One of hi  fellow  almo t collided with him – Then the  idecar began to fall in earne t, and the remaining Death Eater  hot a cur e  o clo e to Harry that he had to duck below the rim of the car, knocking out a tooth on the edge of hi   eat – “I'm comin', Harry, I'm comin'!” A huge hand  eized the back of Harry'  robe  and hoi ted him out of the plummeting  idecar; Harry pulled hi  ruck ack with him a  he dragged him elf onto the motorbike'   eat and found him elf back-to-back with Hagrid. A  they  oared upward, away from the two remaining Death Eater , Harry  pat blood out of hi  mouth, pointed hi  wand at the falling  idecar, and yelled, “Confringo!” He knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig a  it exploded; the Death Eater neare t it wa  bla ted off hi  broom and fell from  ight; hi  companion fell back and vani hed. “Harry, I'm  orry, I'm  orry,” moaned Hagrid, “I  houldn'ta tried ter repair it me elf – yeh've got no room –” “It'  not a problem, ju t keep flying!” Harry  houted back, a  two more Death Eater  emerged out of the darkne , drawing clo er. A  the cur e  came  hooting acro  the intervening  pace again, Hagrid  werved and zigzagged: Harry knew that Hagrid did not dare u e the dragon-fire button again, with Harry  eated  o in ecurely. Harry  ent Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their pur uer , barely holding them off. He  hot another blocking jinx at them: The clo e t Death Eater  werved to avoid it and hi  hood  lipped, and by the red light of hi  next Stunning Spell, Harry  aw the  trangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike – Stan – “Expelliarmu !” Harry yelled. “That'  him, it'  him, it'  the real one!” The hooded Death Eater'   hout reached Harry even above the thunder of the motorbike'  engine: Next moment, both pur uer  had fallen back and di appeared from view. “Harry, what'  happened?” bellowed Hagrid. “Where've they gone?” “I don't know!” But Harry wa  afraid: The hooded Death Eater had  houted, “It'  the real one!”; how had he known? He gazed around at the apparently empty darkne  and felt it  menace. Where were they? He clambered around on the  eat to face forward and  eized hold of the back of Hagrid'  jacket. “Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let'  get out of here!” “Hold on tight, then, Harry!” There wa  a deafening,  creeching roar again and the white-blue fire  hot from the exhau t: Harry felt him elf  lipping backward  off what little of the  eat he had. Hagrid flung backward upon him, barely maintaining hi  grip on the handlebar  – “I think we've lo t 'em Harry, I think we've done it!” yelled Hagrid. But Harry wa  not convinced; Fear lapped at him a  he looked left and right for pur uer  he wa   ure would come. . . . Why had they fallen back? One of them had  till had a wand. . . . It'  him. . . it'  the real one. . . . They had  aid it right after he had tried to Di arm Stan. . . . “We're nearly there, Harry, we've nearly made it!”  houted Hagrid. Harry felt the bike drop a little, though the light  down on the ground  till  eemed remote a   tar . Then the  car on hi  forehead burned like fire: a  a Death Eater appeared on either  ide of the bike, two Killing Cur e  mi ed Harry by millimeter , ca t from behind – And then Harry  aw him. Voldemort wa  flying like  moke on the wind, without broom tick or the tral to hold him, hi   nake-like face gleaming out of the blackne , hi  white finger  rai ing hi  wand again – Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and  teered the motorbike into a vertical dive. Clinging on for dear life, Harry  ent Stunning Spell  flying at random into the whirling night. He  aw a body fly pa t him and knew he had hit one of them, but then he heard a bang and  aw  park  from the engine; the motorbike  piraled through the air, completely out of control – Green jet  of light  hot pa t them again. Harry had no idea which way wa  up, which down: Hi   car wa   till burning; he expected to die at any  econd. A hooded figure on a broom tick wa  feet from him, he  aw it rai e it  arm – “NO!” With a  hout of fury Hagrid launched him elf off the bike at the Death Eater; to hi  horror, Harry  aw both Hagrid and the Death Eater, falling out of  ight, their combined weight too much for the broom tick – Barely gripping the plummeting bike with hi  knee , Harry heard Voldemort  cream, “Mine!” It wa  over: He could not  ee or hear where Voldemort wa ; he glimp ed another Death Eater  wooping out of the way and heard, “Avada –” A  the pain from Harry'   car forced hi  eye   hut, hi  wand acted of it  own accord. He felt it drag hi  hand around like  ome great magnet,  aw a  purt of golden fire through hi  half-clo ed eyelid , heard a crack and a  cream of fury. The remaining Death Eater yelled; Voldemort  creamed, “NO!” Somehow, Harry found hi  no e an inch from the dragon-fire button. He punched it with hi  wand-free hand and the bike  hot more flame  into the air, hurtling  traight toward the ground. “Hagrid!” Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear life. “Hagrid – Accio Hagrid!” The motorbike  ped up,  ucked toward  the earth. Face level with the handlebar , Harry could  ee nothing but di tant light  growing nearer and nearer: He wa  going to cra h and there wa  nothing he could do about it. Behind him came another  cream, “Your wand, Selwyn, give me your wand!” He felt Voldemort before he  aw him. Looking  ideway , he  tared into the red eye  and wa   ure they would be the la t thing he ever  aw: Voldemort preparing to cur e him once more – And then Voldemort vani hed. Harry looked down and  aw Hagrid  pread-eagled on the ground below him. He pulled hard at the handlebar  to avoid hitting him, groped for the brake, but with an ear plitting, ground trembling cra h, he  ma hed into a muddy pond. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER FIVE FALLEN WARRIOR “Hagrid?” Harry  truggled to rai e him elf out of the debri  of metal and leather that  urrounded him; hi  hand   ank into inche  of muddy water a  he tried to  tand. He could not under tand where Voldemort had gone and expected him to  woop out of the darkne  at any moment. Something hot and wet wa  trickling down hi  chin and from hi  forehead. He crawled out of the pond and  tumbled toward the great dark ma  on the ground that wa  Hagrid. “Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me –” But the dark ma  did not  tir. “Who'  there? I  it Potter? Are you Harry Potter?” Harry did not recognize the man'  voice. Then a woman  houted. “They've cra hed. Ted! Cra hed in the garden!” Harry'  head wa   wimming. “Hagrid,” he repeated  tupidly, and hi  knee  buckled. The next thing he knew, he wa  lying on hi  back on what felt like cu hion , with a burning  en ation in hi  rib  and right arm. Hi  mi ing tooth had been regrown. The  car on hi  forehead wa   till throbbing. “Hagrid?” He opened hi  eye  and  aw that he wa  lying on a  ofa in an unfamiliar, lamplit  itting room. Hi  ruck ack lay on the floor a  hort di tance away, wet and muddy. A fair-haired, big-bellied man wa  watching Harry anxiou ly. “Hagrid'  fine,  on,”  aid the man, “the wife'   eeing to him now. How are you feeling? Anything el e broken? I've fixed your rib , your tooth, and your arm. I'm Ted, by the way, Ted Tonk  – Dora'  father.” Harry  at up too quickly. Light  popped in front of hi  eye  and he felt  ick and giddy. “Voldemort –” “Ea y, now,”  aid Ted Tonk , placing a hand on Harry'   houlder and pu hing him back again t the cu hion . “That wa  a na ty cra h you ju t had. What happened, anyway? Something go wrong with the bike? Arthur Wea ley over tretch him elf again, him and hi  Muggle contraption ?” “No,”  aid Harry, a  hi   car pul ed like an open wound. “Death Eater , load  of them – we were cha ed –” “Death Eater ?”  aid Ted  harply. “What d'you mean, Death Eater ? I thought they didn't know you were being moved tonight, I thought –” “They knew,”  aid Harry. Ted Tonk  looked up at the ceiling a  though he could  ee through it to the  ky above. “Well, we know our protective charm  hold, then, don't we? They  houldn't be able to get within a hundred yard  of the place in any direction.” Now Harry under tood why Voldemort had vani hed; it had been at the point when the motorbike cro ed the barrier of the Order'  charm . He only hoped they would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort, a hundred yard  above them a  they  poke, looking for a way to penetrate what Harry vi ualized a  a great tran parent bubble. He  wung hi  leg  off the  ofa; he needed to  ee Hagrid with hi  own eye  before he would believe that he wa  alive. He had barely  tood up, however, when a door opened and Hagrid  queezed through it, hi  face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but miraculou ly alive. “Harry!” Knocking over two delicate table  and an a pidi tra, he covered the floor between them in two  tride  and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked hi  newly repaired rib . “Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o' that? I thought we were both goner .” “Yeah, me too. I can't believe –” Harry broke off. He had ju t noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid. “You!” he  houted, and he thru t hi  hand into hi  pocket, but it wa  empty. “Your wand'  here,  on,”  aid Ted, tapping it on Harry'  arm. “It fell right be ide you, I picked it up…And that'  my wife you're  houting at.” “Oh, I'm – I'm  orry.” A   he moved forward into the room, Mr . Tonk '  re emblance to her  i ter Bellatrix became much le  pronounced: Her hair wa  a light’  oft brown and her eye  were wider and kinder. Neverthele ,  he looked a little haughty after Harry'  exclamation. “What happened to our daughter?”  he a ked. “Hagrid  aid you were ambu hed; where i  Nymphadora?” “I don't know,”  aid Harry. “We don't know what happened to anyone el e.” She and Ted exchanged look . A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the  ight of their expre ion , if any of the other  had died, it wa  hi  fault, all hi  fault. He had con ented to the plan, given them hi  hair . . . “The Portkey,” he  aid, remembering all of a  udden. “We've got to get back to the Burrow and find out – then we'll be able to  end you word, or – or Tonk  will, once  he'  –” “Dora'll be ok, 'Dromeda,”  aid Ted. “She know  her  tuff,  he'  been in plenty of tight  pot  with the Auror . The Portkey'  through here,” he added to Harry. “It'   uppo ed to leave in three minute , if you want to take it.” “Yeah, we do,”  aid Harry. He  eized hi  ruck ack,  wung it onto hi   houlder . “I –” He looked at Mr . Tonk , wanting to apologize for the  tate of fear in which he left her and for which he felt  o terribly re pon ible, but no word  occurred to him that he did not  eem hollow and in incere. “I'll tell Tonk  – Dora – to  end word, when  he . . . Thank  for patching u  up, thank  for everything, I –” He wa  glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonk  along a  hort hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them, bending low to avoid hitting hi  head on the door lintel. “There you go,  on. That'  the Portkey.” Mr. Tonk  wa  pointing to a  mall,  ilver-backed hairbru h lying on the dre ing table. “Thank ,”  aid Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave. “Wait a moment,”  aid Hagrid, looking around. “Harry, where'  Hedwig?” “She . . .  he got hit,”  aid Harry. The realization cra hed over him: He felt a hamed of him elf a  the tear   tung hi  eye . The owl had been hi  companion, hi  one great link with the magical world whenever he had been forced to return to the Dur ley . Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the  houlder. “Never mind,” he  aid gruffly, “Never mind. She had a great old life –” “Hagrid!”  aid Ted Tonk  warningly, a  the hairbru h glowed bright blue, and Hagrid only ju t got hi  forefinger to it in time. With a jerk behind the navel a  though an invi ible hook and line had dragged him forward, Harry wa  pulled into nothingne ,  pinning uncontrollably, hi  finger glued to the Portkey a  he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mr. Tonk . Second later, Harry'  feet  lammed onto hard ground and he fell onto hi  hand  and knee  in the yard of the Burrow. He heard  cream . Throwing a ide the no longer glowing hairbru h, Harry  tood up,  waying  lightly, and  aw Mr . Wea ley and Ginny running down the  tep  by the back door a  Hagrid, who had al o collap ed on landing, clambered laboriou ly to hi  feet. “Harry? You are the real Harry? What happened? Where are the other ?” cried Mr . Wea ley. “What d'you mean? I n't anyone el e back?” Harry panted. The an wer wa  clearly etched in Mr . Wea ley'  pale face. “The Death Eater  were waiting for u ,” Harry told her, “We were  urrounded the moment we took off – they knew it wa  tonight – I don't know what happened to anyone el e, four of them cha ed u , it wa  all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with u  –” He could hear the  elf-ju tifying note in hi  voice, the plea for her to under tand why he did not know what had happened to her  on , but – “Thank goodne  you're all right,”  he  aid, pulling him into a hug he did not feel he de erved. “Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh, Molly?” a ked Hagrid a little  hakily, “Fer medicinal purpo e ?” She could have  ummoned it by magic, but a   he hurried back toward the crooked hou e, Harry knew that  he wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny and  he an wered hi  un poken plea for information at once. “Ron and Tonk   hould have been back fir t, but they mi ed their Portkey, it came back without them,”  he  aid, pointing at a ru ty oil can lying on the ground nearby. “And that one,”  he pointed at an ancient  neaker, “ hould have been Dad and Fred' , they were  uppo ed to be  econd. You and Hagrid were third and,”  he checked her watch, “if they made it, George and Lupin aught to be back in about a minute.” Mr . Wea ley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, which  he handed to Hagrid. He uncorked it and drank it  traight down in one. “Mum!”  houted Ginny pointing to a  pot  everal feet away. A blue light had appeared in the darkne : It grew larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared,  pinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately that there wa   omething wrong: Lupin wa   upporting George, who wa  uncon ciou  and who e face wa  covered in blood. Harry ran forward and  eized George'  leg . Together, he and Lupin carried George into the hou e and through the kitchen to the living room, where they laid him on the  ofa. A  the lamplight fell acro  George'  head, Ginny ga ped and Harry'   tomach lurched: One of George'  ear  wa  mi ing. The  ide of hi  head and neck were drenched in wet,  hockingly  carlet blood. No  ooner had Mr . Wea ley bent over her  on that Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid wa   till attempting to ea e hi  bulk through the back door. “Oi!”  aid Hagrid indignantly, “Le' go of him! Le' go of Harry!” Lupin ignored him. “What creature  at in the corner the fir t time that Harry Potter vi ited my office at Hogwart ?” he  aid, giving Harry a  mall  hake. “An wer me!” “A – a grindylow in a tank, wa n't it?” Lupin relea ed Harry and fell back again t a kitchen cupboard. “Wha' wa  tha' about?” roared Hagrid. “I'm  orry, Harry, but I had to check,”  aid Lupin ter ely. “We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight and the only people who could have told him were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impo tor.” “So why aren' you checkin' me?” panted Hagrid,  till  truggling with the door. “You're half-giant,”  aid Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. “The Polyjuice Potion i  de igned for human u e only.” “None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were moving tonight,”  aid Harry. The idea wa  dreadful to him, he could not believe it of any of them. “Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end, he didn't know which one I wa  in the beginning. If he'd been in on the plan he'd have known from the  tart I wa  the one with Hagrid.” “Voldemort caught up with you?”  aid Lupin  harply. “What happened? How did you e cape?” Harry explained how the Death Eater  pur uing them had  eemed to recognize him a  the true Harry, how they had abandoned the cha e, how they mu t have  ummoned Voldemort, who had appeared ju t before he and Hagrid had reached the  anctuary of Tonk '  parent . “They recognized you? But how? What had you done?” “I . . .” Harry tried to remember; the whole journey  eemed like a blur of panic and confu ion. “I  aw Stan Shunpike . . . . You know, the bloke who wa  the conductor on the Knight Bu ? And I tried to Di arm him in tead of – well, he doe n't know what he'  doing, doe  he? He mu t be Imperiu ed!” Lupin looked agha t. “Harry, the time for Di arming i  pa t! The e people are trying to capture and kill you! At lea t Stun if you aren't prepared to kill!” “We were hundred  of feet up! Stan'  not him elf, and if I Stunned him and he'd fallen, he'd have died the  ame a  if I'd u ed Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmu   aved me from Voldemort two year  ago,” Harry added defiantly. Lupin wa  reminding him of the  neering Hufflepuff Zacharia  Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledore'  Army how to Di arm. “Ye , Harry,”  aid Lupin with painful re traint, “and a great number of Death Eater  witne ed that happening! Forgive me, but it wa  a very unu ual move then, under the imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eater  who either witne ed or heard about the fir t occa ion wa  clo e to  uicidal!” “So you think I  hould have killed Stan Shunpike?”  aid Harry angrily. “Of cour e not,”  aid Lupin, “but the Death Eater  – frankly, mo t people! – would have expected you to attack back! Expelliarmu  i  a u eful  pell, Harry, but the Death Eater   eem to think it i  your  ignature move, and I urge you not to let it become  o!” Lupin wa  making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there wa   till a grain of defiance in ide him. “I won't bla t people out of my way ju t becau e they're there,”  aid Harry, “That'  Voldemort'  job.” Lupin'  retort wa  lo t: Finally  ucceeding in  queezing through the door, Hagrid  taggered to a chair and  at down; it collap ed beneath him. Ignoring hi  mingled oath  and apologie , Harry addre ed Lupin again. “Will George be okay?” All Lupin'  fru tration with Harry  eemed to drain away at the que tion. “I think  o, although there'  no chance of replacing hi  ear, not when it'  been cur ed off –” There wa  a  cuffling from out ide. Lupin dived for the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrid'  leg  and  printed into the yard. Two figure  had appeared in the yard, and a  Harry ran toward them he realized they were Hermione, now returning to her normal appearance, and King ley, both clutching a bent coat hanger, Hermione flung her elf into Harry'  arm , but King ley  howed no plea ure at the  ight of any of them. Over Hermione'   houlder Harry  aw him rai e hi  wand and point it at Lupin'  che t. “The la t word  Albu  Dumbledore  poke to the pair of u !” “'Harry i  the be t hope we have. Tru t him,'”  aid Lupin calmly. King ley turned hi  wand on Harry, but Lupin  aid, “It'  him, I've checked!” “All right, all right!”  aid King ley,  towing hi  wand back beneath hi  cloak, “But  omebody betrayed u ! They knew, they knew it wa  tonight!” “So it  eem ,” replied Lupin, “but apparently they did not realize that there would be  even Harry .” “Small comfort!”  narled King ley. “Who el e i  back?” “Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me.” Hermione  tifled a little moan behind her hand. “What happened to you?” Lupin a ked King ley. “Followed by five, injured two, might've killed one,” King ley reeled off, “and we  aw You-Know-Who a  well, he joined the cha e halfway through but vani hed pretty quickly. Remu , he can –” “Fly,”  upplied Harry. “I  aw him too, he came after Hagrid and me.” “So that'  why he left, to follow you!”  aid King ley, “I couldn't under tand why he'd vani hed. But what made him change target ?” “Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike,”  aid Lupin. “Stan?” repeated Hermione. “But I thought he wa  in Azkaban?” King ley let out a mirthle  laugh. “Hermione, there'  obviou ly been a ma  breakout which the Mini try ha  hu hed up. Traver '  hood fell off when I cur ed him, he'   uppo ed to be in ide too. But what happened to you, Remu ? Where'  George?” “He lo t an ear,”  aid Lupin. “lo t an -- ?” repeated Hermione in a high voice. “Snape'  work,”  aid Lupin. “Snape?”  houted Harry. “You didn't  ay –” “He lo t hi  hood during the cha e. Sectum empra wa  alway  a  pecialty of Snape' . I wi h I could  ay I'd paid him back in kind, but it wa  all I could do to keep George on the broom after he wa  injured, he wa  lo ing  o much blood.” Silence fell between the four of them a  they looked up at the  ky. There wa  no  ign of movement; the  tar   tared back, unblinking, indifferent, unob cured by flying friend . Where wa  Ron? Where were Fred and Mr. Wea ley? Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonk , Mad-Eye, and Mundungu ? “Harry, give u  a hand!” called Hagrid hoar ely from the door, in which he wa   tuck again. Glad of  omething to do, Harry pulled him free, the headed through the empty kitchen and back into the  itting room, where Mr . Wea ley and Ginny were  till tending to George. Mr . Wea ley had  taunched hi  bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry  aw a clean gaping hole where George'  ear had been. “How i  he?” Mr . Wea ley looked around and  aid, “I can't make it grow back, not when it'  been removed by Dark Magic. But it could've been  o much wor e . . . . He'  alive.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Thank God.” “Did I hear  omeone el e in the yard?” Ginny a ked. “Hermione and King ley,”  aid Harry. “Thank goodne ,” Ginny whi pered. They looked at each other; Harry wanted to hug her, hold on to her; he did not even care much that Mr . Wea ley wa  there, but before he could act on the impul e, there wa  a great cra h from the kitchen. “I'll prove who I am, King ley, after I've  een my  on, now back off if you know what'  good for you!” Harry had never heard Mr. Wea ley  hout like that before. He bur t into the living room, hi  bald patch gleaming with  weat, hi   pectacle  a kew, Fred right behind him, both pale but uninjured. “Arthur!”  obbed Mr . Wea ley. “Oh thank goodne !” “How i  he?” Mr. Wea ley dropped to hi  knee  be ide George. For the fir t time  ince Harry had known him, Fred  eemed to be lo t for word . He gaped over the back of the  ofa at hi  twin'  wound a  if he could not believe what he wa   eeing. Perhap  rou ed by the  ound of Fred and their father'  arrival, George  tirred. “How do you feel, Georgie?” whi pered Mr . Wea ley. George'  finger  groped for the  ide of hi  head. “Saintlike,” he murmured. “What'  wrong with him?” croaked Fred, looking terrified. “I  hi  mind affected?” “Saintlike,” repeated George, opening hi  eye  and looking up at hi  brother. “You  ee. . . I'm holy. Holey, Fred, geddit?” Mr . Wea ley  obbed harder than ever. Color flooded Fred'  pale face. “Pathetic,” he told George. “Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?” “Ah well,”  aid George, grinning at hi  tear- oaked mother. “You'll be able to tell u  apart now, anyway, Mum.” He looked around. “Hi, Harry – you are Harry, right?” “Yeah, I am,”  aid Harry, moving clo er to the  ofa. “Well, at lea t we got you back okay,”  aid George. “Why aren't Ron and Bill huddled round my  ickbed?” “They're not back yet, George,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. George'  grin faded. Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompany him back out ide. A  they walked through the kitchen  he  aid in a low voice. “Ron and Tonk   hould be back by now. They didn't have a long journey; Auntie Muriel'  not that far from here.” Harry  aid nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at bay ever  ince reaching the Burrow, but now it enveloped him,  eeming to crawl over hi   kin, throbbing in hi  che t, clogging hi  throat. A  they walked down the back  tep  into the dark yard, Ginny took hi  hand. King ley wa   triding backward and forward, glancing up at the  ky every time he turned. Harry wa  reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million year  ago. Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin  tood  houlder to  houlder, gazing upward in  ilence. None of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined their  ilent vigil. The minute   tretched into what might a  well have been year . The  lighte t breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whi pering bu h or tree in the hope that one of the mi ing Order member  might leap un cathed from it  leave  – And then a broom materialized directly above them and  treaked toward the ground – “It'  them!”  creamed Hermione. Tonk  landed in a long  kid that  ent earth and pebble  everywhere. “Remu !” Tonk  cried a   he  taggered off the broom into Lupin'  arm . Hi  face wa   et and white: He  eemed unable to  peak, Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione. “You're okay,” he mumbled, before Hermione flew at him and hugged him tightly. “I thought – I thought –” “'M all right,”  aid Ron, patting her on the back. “'M fine.” “Ron wa  great,”  aid Tonk  warmly, relinqui hing her hold on Lupin. “Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eater ,  traight to the head, and when you're aiming at a moving target from a flying broom –” “You did?”  aid Hermione, gazing up at Ron with her arm   till around hi  neck. “Alway  the tone of  urpri e,” he  aid a little grumpily, breaking free. “Are we the la t back?” “No,”  aid Ginny, “we're  till waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungu . I'm going to tell Mum and Dad you're okay, Ron –” She ran back in ide. “So what kept you? What happened?” Lupin  ounded almo t angry at Tonk . “Bellatrix,”  aid Tonk . “She want  me quite a  much a   he want  Harry, Remu , She tried very hard to kill me. I ju t wi h I'd got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphu  . . . . Then we got to Ron'  Auntie Muriel'  and we mi ed our Portkey and  he wa  fu ing over u  –” A mu cle wa  jumping in Lupin'  jaw. He nodded, but  eemed unable to  ay anything el e. “So what happened to you lot?” Tonk  a ked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and King ley. They recounted the  torie  of their own journey , but all the time the continued ab ence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungu   eemed to lie upon them like a fro t, it  icy bite harder and harder to ignore. “I'm going to have to get back to Downing Street, I  hould have been there an hour ago,”  aid King ley finally, after a la t  weeping gaze at the  ky. “Let me know when they're back,.” Lupin nodded. With a wave to the other , King ley walked away into the darkne  toward the gate. Harry thought he heard the fainte t pop a  King ley Di apparated ju t beyond the Burrow'  boundarie . Mr. And Mr . Wea ley came racing down the back  tep , Ginny behind them. Both parent  hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonk . “Thank you,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, “for our  on .” “Don't be  illy, Molly,”  aid Tonk  at once. “How'  George?” a ked Lupin. “What'  wrong with him?” piped up Ron. “He'  lo t –” But the end of Mr . Wea ley'   entence wa  drowned in a general outcry. A the tral had ju t  oared into  ight and landed a few feet from them. Bill and Fleur  lid from it  back, wind wept but unhurt. “Bill! Thank God, thank God –” Mr . Wea ley ran forward, but the hug Bill be towed upon her wa  perfunctory. Looking directly at hi  father, he  aid, “Mad-Eye'  dead.” Nobody  poke, nobody moved. Harry felt a  though  omething in ide him wa  falling, falling through the earth, leaving him forever. “We  aw it,”  aid Bill; Fleur nodded, tear track  glittering on her cheek  in the light from the kitchen window. “It happened ju t after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were clo e by u , they were heading north too. Voldemort – he can fly – went  traight for them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry out, Mad-Eye tried to  top him, but he Di apparated. Voldemort'  cur e hit Mad-Eye full in the face, he fell backward off hi  broom and – there wa  nothing we could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on our own tail –” Bill'  voice broke. “Of cour e you couldn't have done anything,”  aid Lupin. They all  tood looking at each other. Harry could not quite comprehend it. Mad-Eye dead; it could not be . . . . Mad-Eye,  o tough,  o brave, the con ummate  urvivor . . . At la t it  eemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody  aid it, that there wa  no point of waiting in the yard anymore, and in  ilence they followed Mr. And Mr . Wea ley back into the Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together. “What'  wrong?”  aid Fred,  canning their face  a  they entered, “What'  happened? Who'  --?” “Mad-Eye,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, “Dead.” The twin ' grin  turned to grimace  of  hock. Nobody  eemed to know what to do. Tonk  wa  crying  ilently into a handkerchief: She had been clo e to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, hi  favorite and hi  protégée at the Mini try of Magic. Hagrid, who had  at down on the floor in the corner where he had mo t  pace, wa  dabbing at hi  eye  with hi  tablecloth- ized handkerchief. Bill walked over to the  ideboard and pulled out a bottle of fire-whi ky and  ome gla e . “Here,” he  aid, and with a wave of hi  wand, eh  ent twelve full gla e   oaring through the room to each of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. “Mad-Eye.” “Mad-Eye,” they all  aid, and drank. “Mad-Eye,” echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup. The firewhi ky  eared Harry'  throat. It  eemed to burn feeling back into him, di pelling the numbne  and  en e of unreality firing him with  omething that wa  like courage. “So Mundungu  di appeared?”  aid Lupin, who had drained hi  own gla  in one. The atmo phere changed at once. Everybody looked ten e, watching Lupin, both wanting him to go on, it  eemed to Harry, and  lightly afraid of what they might hear. “I know what you're thinking,”  aid Bill, “and I wondered that too, on the way back here, becau e they  eemed to be expecting u , didn't they? But Mundungu  can't have betrayed u . They didn't know there would be  even Harry , that confu ed them the moment we appeared, and in ca e you've forgotten, it wa  Mundungu  who  ugge ted that little bit of  kullduggery. Why wouldn't he have told them the e ential point? I think Dung panicked, it'  a   imple a  that. He didn't want to come in the fir t place, but Mad-Eye made him, and You-Know-Who went  traight for them. It wa  enough to make anyone panic.” “You-Know-Who acted exactly a  Mad-Eye expected him to,”  niffed Tonk . “Mad-Eye  aid he'd expect the real Harry to be with the toughe t, mo t  killed Auror . He cha ed Mad-Eye fir t, and when Mundungu  gave them away he  witched to King ley. . . . ” “Ye , and zat eez all very good,”  napped Fleur, “but  till eet doe  not explain 'ow zey know we were moving 'Arry tonight, doe  eet? Somebody mu t 'ave been carele . Somebody let  lip ze date to an out ider. It i  ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze 'ole plan.” She glared around at them all, tear track   till etched on her beautiful face,  ilently daring any of them to contradict her. Nobody did. The only  ound to break the  ilence wa  that of Hagrid hiccupping from behind hi  handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had ju t ri ked hi  own life to  ave Harry'  – Hagrid, whom he loved, whom he tru ted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon'  egg. . . . “No,” Harry  aid aloud, and they all looked at him,  urpri ed: The firewhi ky  eemed to have amplified hi  voice. “I mean . . . if  omebody made a mi take,” Harry went on, “and let  omething  lip, I know they didn't mean to do it. It'  not their fault,” he repeated, again a little louder than he would u ually have  poken. “We've got to tru t each other. I tru t all of you, I don't think anyone in thi  room would ever  ell me to Voldemort.” More  ilence followed hi  word . They were all looking at him; Harry felt a little hot again, and drank  ome more firewhi ky for  omething to do. A  he drank, he thought of Mad-Eye. Mad-Eye had alway  been  cathing about Dumbledore'  willingne  to tru t people. “Well  aid, Harry,”  aid Fred unexpectedly. “Year, 'ear, 'ear,”  aid George, with half a glance at Fred, the corner of who e mouth twitched. Lupin wa  wearing an odd expre ion a  he looked at Harry. It wa  clo e to pitying. “You think I'm a fool?” demanded Harry. “No, I think you're like Jame ,”  aid Lupin, “who would have regarded it a  the height of di honor to mi tru t hi  friend .” Harry knew what Lupin wa  getting at: that hi  father had been betrayed by hi  friend Peter Pettigrew. He felt irrationally angry. He wanted to argue, but Lupin had turned away from him,  et down hi  gla  upon a  ide table, and addre ed Bill, “There'  work to do. I can a k King ley whether –” “No,”  aid Bill at once, “I'll do it, I'll come.” “Where are you going?”  aid Tonk  and Fleur together. “Mad-Eye'  body,”  aid Lupin. “We need to recover it.” “Can't it -- ?” began Mr . Wea ley with an appealing look at Bill. “Wait?”  aid Bill, “Not unle  you'd rather the Death Eater  took it?” Nobody  poke. Lupin and Bill  aid good bye and left. The re t of them now dropped into chair , all except for Harry, who remained  tanding. The  uddenne  and completene  of death wa  with them like a pre ence. “I've got to go too,”  aid Harry. Ten pair  of  tartled eye  looked at him. “Don't be  illy, Harry,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, “What are you talking about?” “I can't  tay here.” He rubbed hi  forehead; it wa  prickling again, he had not hurt like thi  for more than a year. “You're all in danger while I'm here. I don't want –” “But don't be  o  illy!”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “The whole point of tonight wa  to get you here  afely, and thank goodne  it worked. And Fleur'  agreed to get married here rather than in France , we've arranged everything  o that we can all  tay together and look after you –” She did not under tand;  he wa  making him feel wor e, not better. “If Voldemort find  out I'm here –” “But why  hould he?” a ked Mr . Wea ley. “There are a dozen place  you might be now, Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “He'  got no way of knowing which  afe hou e you're in.” “It'  not me I'm worried for!”  aid Harry. “We know that,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quietly, but it would make our effort  tonight  eem rather pointle  if you left." “Yer not goin' anywhere,” growled Hagrid. “Blimey, Harry, after all we wen' through ter get you here?” “Yeah, what about my bleeding ear?”  aid George, hoi ting him elf up on hi  cu hion . “I know that –” “Mad-Eye wouldn't want –” “I KNOW!” Harry bellowed. He felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think he did not know what they had done for him, didn't they under tand that it wa  for preci ely that rea on that he wanted to go now, before they had to  uffer any more on hi  behalf? There wa  a long and awkward  ilence in which hi   car continued to prickle and throb, and which wa  broken at la t by Mr . Wea ley. “Where'  Hedwig, Harry?”  he  aid coaxingly. “We can put her up with Pidwidgeon and give her  omething to eat.” Hi  in ide  clenched like a fi t. He could not tell her the truth. He drank the la t of hi  firewhi ky to avoid an wering. “Wait till it get  out yeh did it again, Harry,”  aid Hagrid. “E caped him, fought him off when he wa  right on top of yeh!” “It wa n't me,”  aid Harry flatly. “It wa  my wand. My wand acted of it  own accord.” After a few moment , Hermione  aid gently, “But that'  impo ible, Harry. You mean that you did magic without meaning to; you reacted in tinctively.” “No,”  aid Harry. “The bike wa  falling, I couldn't have told you where Voldemort wa , but my wand  pun in my hand and found him and  hot a  pell at him, and it wa n't even a  pell I recognized. I've never made gold flame  appear before.” “Often,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, “when you're in a pre ured  ituation you can produce magic you never dreamed of. Small children often find, before they're trained –” “It wa n't like that,”  aid Harry through gritted teeth. Hi   car wa  burning. He felt angry and fru trated; he hated the idea that they were all imagining him to have power to match Voldemort' . No one  aid anything. He knew that they did not believe him. Now that he came to think of it, he had never heard of a wand performing magic on it  own before. Hi   car  eared with pain, it wa  all he could do not to moan aloud. Muttering about fre h air, he  et down hi  gla  and left the room. A  he cro ed the yard, the great  keletal the tral looked up – ru tled it  enormou  batlike wing , then re umed it  grazing. Harry  topped at the gate into the garden,  taring out at it  overgrown plant , rubbing hi  pounding forehead and thinking of Dumbledore. Dumbledore would have believed him, he knew it. Dumbledore would have known how and why Harry'  wand had acted independently, becau e Dumbledore alway  had the an wer ; he had known about wand , had explained to Harry the  trange connection that exi ted between hi  wand and Voldemort'  . . . . But Dumbledore, like Mad-Eye, like Siriu , like hi  parent , like hi  poor owl, all were gone where Harry could never talk to them again. He felt a burning in hi  throat that had nothing to do with firewhi ky. . . . And then, out of nowhere, the pain in hi   car peaked. A  he clutched hi  forehead and clo ed hi  eye , a voice  creamed in ide hi  head. “You told me the problem would be  olved by u ing another'  wand!” And into hi  mind bur t the vi ion of an emaciated old man lying in rag  upon a  tone floor,  creaming, a horrible drawn-out  cream, a  cream of unendurable agony. . . . “No! No! I beg you, I beg you. . . .” “You lied to Lord Voldemort, Ollivander!” “I did not. . . . I  wear I did not. . . .” “You  ought to help Potter, to help him e cape me!” “I  wear I did not. . . . I believed a different wand would work. . . .” “Explain, then, what happened. Luciu '  wand i  de troyed!” “I cannot under tand. . . . The connection . . . exi t  only . . between your two wand . . . .” “Lie !” “Plea e . . . I beg you. . . .” And Harry  aw the white hand rai e it  wand and felt Voldemort'   urge of viciou  anger,  aw the frail old main on the floor writhe in agony – “Harry?” It wa  over a  quickly a  it had come: Harry  tood  haking in the darkne , clutching the gate into the garden, hi  heart racing, hi   car  till tingling. It wa   everal moment  before he realized that Ron and Hermione were at hi   ide. “Harry, come back in the hou e,” Hermione whi pered, “You aren't  till thinking of leaving?” “Yeah, you've got to  tay, mate,”  aid Ron, thumping Harry on the back. “Are you all right?” Hermione a ked, clo e enough now to look into Harry'  face. “You look awful!” “Well,”  aid Harry  hakily, “I probably look better than Ollivander. . . .” When he had fini hed telling them what he had  een, Ron looked appalled, but Hermione downright terrified. “But it wa   uppo ed to have  topped! Your  car – it wa n't  uppo ed to do thi  anymore! You mu tn't let that connection open up again – Dumbledore wanted you to clo e your mind!” When he did not reply,  he gripped hi  arm. “Harry, he'  taking over the Mini try and the new paper  and half the Wizarding world! Don't let him in ide your head too!” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER SIX THE GHOUL IN PAJAMAS The  hock of lo ing Mad-Eye hung over the hou e in the day  that followed; Harry kept expecting to  ee him  tumping in through the back door like the other Order member , who pa ed in and out to relay new . Harry felt that nothing but action would a uage hi  feeling  of guilt and grief and that he ought to  et out on hi  mi ion to find and de troy Horcruxe  a   oon a  po ible. “Well, you can’t do anything about the” – Ron mouthed the word Horcruxe  – “till you’re  eventeen. You’ve  till got the Trace on you. And we can plan here a  well a  anywhere, can’t we? Or,” he dropped hi  voice to a whi per, “d’you reckon you already know where the You-Know-What  are?” “No,” Harry admitted. “I think Hermione’  been doing a bit of re earch,”  aid Ron. “She  aid  he wa   aving it for when you got here.” They were  itting at the breakfa t table; Mr. Wea ley and Bill had ju t left for work. Mr . Wea ley had gone up tair  to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath. “The Trace’ll break on the thirty-fir t,”  aid Harry. “That mean  I only need to  tay here four day . Then I can –“ “Five day ,” Ron corrected him firmly. “We’ve got to  tay for the wedding. They’ll kill u  if we mi  it.” Harry under tood “they” to mean Fleur and Mr . Wea ley. “It’  one extra day,”  aid Ron, when Harry looked mutinou . “Don’t they realize how important –?” “’Cour e they don’t,”  aid Ron. “They haven’t got a clue. And now you mention it, I wanted to talk to you about that.” Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check that Mr . Wea ley wa  not returning yet, then leaned in clo er to Harry. “Mum’  been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. What we’re off to do. She’ll try you next,  o brace your elf. Dad and Lupin’ve both a ked a  well, but when we  aid Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except u , they dropped it. Not Mum, though. She’  determined.” Ron’  prediction came true within hour . Shortly before lunch, Mr . Wea ley detached Harry from the other  by a king him to help identify a lone man’   ock that  he thought might have come out of hi  ruck ack. Once  he had him cornered in the tiny  cullery off the kitchen,  he  tarted. “Ron and Hermione  eem to think that the three of you are dropping out of Hogwart ,”  he began in a light, ca ual tone. “Oh,”  aid Harry. “Well, yeah. We are.” The mangle turned of it  own accord in a corner, wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Wea ley’  ve t . “May I a k why you are abandoning your education?”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Well, Dumbledore left me . . .  tuff to do,” mumbled Harry. “Ron and Hermione know about it, and they want to come too.” “What  ort of ‘ tuff’?” “I’m  orry, I can’t –“ “Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and I’m  ure Mr. And Mr . Granger would agree!”  aid Mr . Wea ley. Harry had been afraid of the “concerned parent” attack. He forced him elf to look directly into her eye , noticing a  he did  o that they were preci ely the  ame  hade of brown a  Ginny’ . Thi  did not help. “Dumbledore didn’t want anyone el e to know, Mr . Wea ley. I’m  orry. Ron and Hermione don’t have to come, it’  their choice –“ “I don’t  ee that you have to go either!”  he  napped, dropping all preten e now. “You’re barely of age, any of you! It’  utter non en e, if Dumbledore needed work doing, he had the whole Order at hi  command! Harry, you mu t have mi under tood him. Probably he wa  telling you  omething he wanted done, and you took it to mean that he wanted you–“ “I didn’t mi under tand,”  aid Harry flatly. “It’  got to be me.” He handed her back the  ingle  ock he wa   uppo ed to be identifying, which wa  patterned with golden bulru he . “And that’  not mine. I don’t  upport Puddlemere United.” “Oh, of cour e not,”  aid Mr . Wea ley with a  udden and rather unnerving return to her ca ual tone. “I  hould have realized. Well, Harry, while we’ve  till got you here, you won’t mind helping with the preparation  for Bill and Fleur’  wedding, will you? There’   till  o much to do.” “No – I – of cour e not,”  aid Harry, di concerted by thi   udden change of  ubject. “Sweet of you,”  he replied, and  he  miled a   he left the  cullery. From that moment on, Mr . Wea ley kept Harry, Ron and Hermione  o bu y with preparation  for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think. The kinde t explanation of thi  behavior would have been that Mr . Wea ley wanted to di tract them all from thought  of Mad-Eye and the terror  of their recent journey. After two day  of non top cutlery cleaning, of color-matching favor , ribbon , and flower , of de-gnoming the garden and helping Mr . Wea ley cook va t batche  of canapé , however, Harry  tarted to  u pect her of a different motive. All the job   he handed out  eemed to keep him, Ron, and Hermione away from one another; he had not had a chance to  peak to the two of them alone  ince the fir t night, when he had told them about Voldemort torturing Ollivander. “I think Mum think  that if  he can  top the three of you getting together and planning,  he’ll be able to delay you leaving,” Ginny told Harry in an undertone, a  they laid the table for dinner on the third night of hi   tay. “And then what doe   he think’  going to happen?” Harry muttered. “Someone el e might kill off Voldemort while  he’  holding u  here making vol-au-vent ?” He had  poken without thinking, and  aw Ginny’  face whiten. “So it’  true?”  he  aid. “That’  what you’re trying to do?” “I – not – I wa  joking,”  aid Harry eva ively. They  tared at each other, and there wa   omething more than  hock in Ginny’  expre ion. Suddenly Harry became aware that thi  wa  the fir t time that he had been alone with her  ince tho e  tolen hour  in  ecluded corner  of the Hogwart  ground . He wa   ure  he wa  remembering them too. Both of them jumped a  the door opened, and Mr. Wea ley, King ley, and Bill walked in. They were often joined by other Order member  for dinner now, becau e the Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place a  the headquarter . Mr. Wea ley had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Place’  location had become a Secret-Keeper in turn. “And a  there are around twenty of u , that greatly dilute  the power of the Fideliu  Charm. Twenty time  a  many opportunitie  for the Death Eater  to get the  ecret out of  omebody. We can’t expect it to hold much longer.” “But  urely Snape will have told the Death Eater  the addre  by now?” a ked Harry. “Well, Mad-Eye  et up a couple of cur e  again t Snape in ca e he turn  up there again. We hope they’ll be  trong enough both to keep him out and to bind hi  tongue if he trie  to talk about the place, but we can’t be  ure. It would have been in ane to keep u ing the place a  headquarter  now that it  protection ha  become  o  haky.” The kitchen wa   o crowded that evening it wa  difficult to maneuver knive  and fork . Harry found him elf crammed be ide Ginny; the un aid thing  that had ju t pa ed between them made him wi h they had been  eparated by a few more people. He wa  trying  o hard to avoid bru hing her arm he could barely cut hi  chicken. “No new  about Mad-Eye?” Harry a ked Bill. “Nothing,” replied Bill. They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, becau e Bill and Lupin had failed to recover hi  body. It had been difficult to know where he might have fallen, given the darkne  and the confu ion of the battle. “The Daily Prophet ha n’t  aid a word about him dying or about finding the body,” Bill went on. “But that doe n’t mean much. It’  keeping a lot quiet the e day .” “And they  till haven’t called a hearing about all the underage magic I u ed e caping the Death Eater ?” Harry called acro  the table to Mr. Wea ley, who  hook hi  head. “Becau e they know I had no choice or becau e they don’t want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?” “The latter, I think. Scrimgeour doe n’t want to admit that You-Know-Who i  a  powerful a  he i , nor that Azkaban’   een a ma  breakout.” “Yeah, why tell the public the truth?”  aid Harry, clenching hi  knife  o tightly that the faint  car  on the back of hi  right hand  tood out, white again t hi   kin: I mu t not tell lie . “I n’t anyone at the Mini try prepared to  tand up to him?” a ked Ron angrily. “Of cour e, Ron, but people are terrified,” Mr. Wea ley replied, “terrified that they will be next to di appear, their children the next to be attacked! There are na ty rumor  going around; I for one don’t believe the Muggle Studie  profe or at Hogwart  re igned. She ha n’t been  een for week  now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remain   hut up in hi  office all day; I ju t hope he’  working on a plan.” There wa  a pau e in which Mr . Wea ley magicked the empty plate  onto the work  urface and  erved apple tart. “We mu t decide ‘ow you will be di gui ed, ‘Arry,”  aid Fleur, once everyone had pudding. “For ze wedding,”  he added, when he looked confu ed. “Of cour e, none of our gue t  are Death Eater , but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let  omething  lip after zey ‘ave ‘ad champagne.” From thi , Harry gathered that  he  till  u pected Hagrid. “Ye , good point,”  aid Mr . Wea ley from the top of the table where  he  at,  pectacle  perched on the end of her no e,  canning an immen e li t of job  that  he had  cribbled on a very long piece of parchment. “Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?” “Why?” exclaimed Ron,  lamming hi   poon down and glaring at hi  mother. “Why doe  my room have to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with it the way it i !” “We are holding your brother’  wedding here in a few day ’ time, young man –“ “And are they getting married in my bedroom?” a ked Ron furiou ly. “No! So why in the name of Merlin’   aggy left –“ “Don’t talk to your mother like that,”  aid Mr. Wea ley firmly. “And do a  you’re told.” Ron  cowled at both hi  parent , then picked up hi   poon and attacked the la t few mouthful  of hi  apple tart. “I can help,  ome of it’  my me .” Harry told Ron, but Mr . Wea ley cut acro  him. “No, Harry, dear, I’d much rather you helped Arthur much out the chicken , and Hermione, I’d be ever  o grateful if you’d change the  heet  for Mon ieur and Madame Delacour; you know they’re arriving at eleven tomorrow morning.” But a  it turned out, there wa  very little to do for the chicken . “There’  no need to, er, mention it to Molly,” Mr. Wea ley told Harry, blocking hi  acce  to the coop, “but, er, Ted Tonk   ent me mo t of what wa  left of Siriu ’  bike and, er, I’m hiding – that’  to  ay, keeping – it in here. Fanta tic  tuff: There’  an exhau t ga kin, a  I believe it’  called, the mo t magnificent battery, and it’ll be a great opportunity to find out how brake  work. I’m going to try and put it all back together again when Molly’  not – I mean, when I’ve got time.” When they returned to the hou e, Mr . Wea ley wa  nowhere to be  een,  o Harry  lipped up tair  to Ron’  attic bedroom. “I’m doing it, I’m doing – ! Oh, it’  you,”  aid Ron in relief, a  Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down on the bed, which he had evidently ju t vacated. The room wa  ju t a  me y a  it had been all week; the only chance wa  that Hermione wa  now  itting in the far corner, her fluffy ginger cat, Crook hank , at her feet,  orting book ,  ome of which Harry recognized a  hi  own, into two enormou  pile . “Hi, Harry,”  he  aid, a  he  at down on hi  camp bed. “And how did you manage to get away?” “Oh, Ron’  mum forgot that  he a ked Ginny and me to change the  heet  ye terday,”  aid Hermione. She threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Ri e and Fall of the Dark Art  onto the other. “We were ju t talking about Mad-Eye,” Ron told Harry. “I reckon he might have  urvived.” “But Bill  aw him hit by the Killing Cur e,”  aid Harry. “Yeah, but Bill wa  under attack too,”  aid Ron. “How can he be  ure what he  aw?” “Even if the Killing Cur e mi ed, Mad-Eye  till fell about a thou and feet,”  aid Hermione, now weight Quidditch Team  of Britain and Ireland in her hand. “He could have u ed a Shield Charm –“ “Fleur  aid hi  wand wa  bla ted out of hi  hand,”  aid Harry. “Well, all right, if you want him to be dead,”  aid Ron grumpily, punching hi  pillow into a more comfortable  hape. “Of cour e we don’t want him to be dead!”  aid Hermione, looking  hocked. “It’  dreadful that he’  dead! But we’re being reali tic!” For the fir t time, Harry imagined Mad-Eye’  body, broken a  Dumbledore’  had been, yet with that one eye  till whizzing in it   ocket. He felt a  tab of revul ion mixed with a bizarre de ire to laugh. “The Death Eater  probably tidied up after them elve , that’  why no one’  found him,”  aid Ron wi ely. “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in Hagrid’  front garden. They probably tran figured Moody and  tuffed him –“ “Don’t!”  quealed Hermione. Startled, Harry looked over ju t in time to  ee her bur t into tear  over her copy of Spellman’  Syllabary. “Oh no,”  aid Harry,  truggling to get up from the old camp bed. “Hermione, I wa n’t trying to up et –“ But with a great creaking of ru ty bed pring , Ron bounded off the bed and got there fir t. One arm around Hermione, he fi hed in hi  jean  pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that he had u ed to clean out the oven earlier. Ha tily pulling out hi  wand, he pointed it at the rag and  aid, “Tergeo.” The wand  iphoned off mo t of the grea e. Looking rather plea ed with him elf, Ron handed the  lightly  moking handkerchief to Hermione. “Oh . . . thank , Ron. . . . I’m  orry. . . .” She blew her no e and hiccupped. “It’  ju t  o awf-ful, i n’t it? R-right after Dumbledore . . . I j-ju t n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying,  omehow, he  eemed  o tough!” “Yeah, I know,”  aid Ron, giving her a  queeze. “But you know what he’d  ay to u  if he wa  here?” “’C-con tant vigilance,’”  aid Hermione, mopping her eye . “That’  right,”  aid Ron, nodding. “He’d tell u  to learn from what happened to him. And what I’ve learned i  not to tru t that cowardly little  quit, Mundungu .” Hermione gave a  haky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more book . A  econd later, Ron had  natched hi  arm back from around her  houlder ;  he had dropped The Mon ter of Mon ter  on hi  foot. The book had broken free from it  re training belt and  napped viciou ly at Ron’  ankle. “I’m  orry, I’m  orry!” Hermione cried a  Harry wrenched the book from Ron’  leg and retied it  hut. “What are you doing with all tho e book  anyway?” Ron a ked, limping back to hi  bed. “Ju t trying to decide which one  to take with u ,”  aid Hermione, “When we’re looking for the Horcruxe .” “Oh, of cour e,”  aid Ron, clapping a hand to hi  forehead. “I forgot we’ll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.” “Ha ha,”  aid Hermione, looking down at Spellman’  Syllabary. “I wonder . . . will we need to tran late rune ? It’  po ible. . . . I think we’d better take it, to be  afe.” She dropped the  yllabary onto the larger of the two pile  and picked up Hogwart , A Hi tory. “Li ten,”  aid Harry. He had  at up  traight. Ron and Hermione looked at him with  imilar mixture  of re ignation and defiance. “I know you  aid after Dumbledore’  funeral that you wanted to come with me,” Harry began. “Here he goe ,” Ron  aid to Hermione, rolling hi  eye . “A  we knew he would,”  he  ighed, turning back to the book . “You know, I think I will take Hogwart , A Hi tory. Even if we’re not going back there, I don’t think I’d feel right if I didn’t have it with –“ “Li ten!”  aid Harry again. “No, Harry, you li ten,”  aid Hermione. “We’re coming with you. That wa  decided month  ago – year , really.” “But –“ “Shut up,” Ron advi ed him. “– are you  ure you’ve thought thi  through?” Harry per i ted. “Let’   ee,”  aid Hermione,  lamming Travel  with Troll  onto the di carded pile with a rather fierce look. “I’ve been packing for day ,  o we’re ready to leave at a moment’  notice, which for your information ha  included doing  ome pretty difficult magic, not to mention  muggling Mad-Eye’  whole  tock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron’  mum’  no e. “I’ve al o modified my parent ’ memorie   o that they’re convinced they’re really called Wendell and Monica Wilkin , and that their life’  ambition i  to move to Au tralia, which they have now done. That’  to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me – or you, becau e unfortunately, I’ve told them quite a bit about you. “A uming I  urvive our hunt for the Horcruxe , I’ll find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I don’t – well, I think I’ve ca t a good enough charm to keep them  afe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkin  don’t know that they’ve got a daughter, you  ee.” Hermione’  eye  were  wimming with tear  again. Ron got back off the bed, put hi  arm around her once more, and frowned at Harry a  though reproaching him for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything to  ay, not lea t becau e it wa  highly unu ual for Ron to be teaching anyone el e tact. “I – Hermione, I’m  orry – I didn’t –“ “Didn’t realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you? Well, we do. Ron,  how Harry what you’ve done.” “Nah, he’  ju t eaten,”  aid Ron. “Go on, he need  to know!” “Oh, all right. Harry, come here.” For the  econd time Ron withdrew hi  arm from around Hermione and  tumped over to the door. “C’mon.” “Why?” Harry a ked, following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing. “De cendo,” muttered Ron, pointing hi  wand at the low ceiling. A hatch opened right over their head  and a ladder  lid down to their feet. A horrible, half- ucking, half-moaning  ound came out of the  quare hole, along with an unplea ant  mell like open drain . “That’  your ghoul, i n’t it?” a ked Harry, who had never actually met the creature that  ometime  di rupted the nightly  ilence. “Yeah, it i ,”  aid Ron, climbing the ladder. “Come and have a look at him.” Harry followed Ron up the few  hort  tep  into the tiny attic  pace. Hi  head and  houlder  were in the room before he caught  ight of the creature curled up a few feet from him, fa t a leep in the gloom with it  large mouth wide open. “But it . . . it look  . . . do ghoul  normally wear pajama ?” “No,”  aid Ron. “Nor have they u ually got red hair or that number of pu tule .” Harry contemplated the thing,  lightly revolted. It wa  human in  hape and  ize, and wa  wearing what, now that Harry’  eye  became u ed to the darkne , wa  clearly an old pair of Ron’  pajama . He wa  al o  ure that ghoul  were generally rather  limy and bald, rather than di tinctly hairy and covered in angry purple bli ter . “He’  me,  ee?”  aid Ron. “No,”  aid Harry. “I don’t.” “I’ll explain it back in my room, the  mell’  getting to me,”  aid Ron. They climbed back down the ladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione, who wa   till  orting book . “Once we’ve left, the ghoul’  going to come and live down here in my room,”  aid Ron. “I think he’  really looking forward to it – well, it’  hard to tell, becau e all he can do i  moan and drool – but he nod  a lot when you mention it. Anyway, he’  going to be me with  pattergroit. Good, eh?” Harry merely looked hi  confu ion. “It i !”  aid Ron, clearly fru trated that Harry had not gra ped the brilliance of the plan. “Look, when we three don’t turn up at Hogwart  again, everyone’  going to think Hermione and I mu t be with you, right? Which mean  the Death Eater  will go  traight for our familie  to  ee if they’ve got information on where you are.” “But hopefully it’ll look like I’ve gone away with Mum and Dad; a lot of Muggle-born  are talking about going into hiding at the moment,”  aid Hermione. “We can’t hide my whole family, it’ll look too fi hy and they can’t all leave their job ,”  aid Ron. “So we’re going to put out the  tory that I’m  eriou ly ill with  pattergroit, which i  why I can’t go back to  chool. If anyone come  calling to inve tigate, Mum or Dad can  how them the ghoul in my bed, covered in pu tule . Spattergroit’  really contagiou ,  o they’re not going to want to go near him. It won’t matter that he can’t  ay anything, either, becau e apparently you can’t once the fungu  ha   pread to your uvula.” “And your mum and dad are in on thi  plan?” a ked Harry. “Dad i . He helped Fred and George tran form the ghoul. Mum . . . well, you’ve  een what  he’  like. She won’t accept we’re going till we’re gone.” There wa   ilence in the room, broken only by gentle thud  a  Hermione continued to throw book  onto one pile or the other. Ron  at watching her, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to  ay anything. The mea ure they had taken to protect their familie  made him realize, more than anything el e could have done, that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerou  that would be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him, but he  imply could not find word  important enough. Through the  ilence came the muffled  ound  of Mr . Wea ley  houting from four floor  below. “Ginny’  probably left a  peck of du t on a poxy napkin ring,”  aid Ron. “I dunno why the Delacour  have got to come two day  before the wedding.” “Fleur’   i ter’  a bride maid,  he need  to be here for the rehear al, and  he’  too young to come on her own,”  aid Hermione, a   he pored indeci ively over Break with a Ban hee. “Well, gue t  aren’t going to help Mum’   tre  level ,”  aid Ron. “What we really need to decide,”  aid Hermione, to ing Defen ive Magical Theory into the bin without a  econd glance and picking up An Apprai al of Magical Education in Europe, “i  where we’re going after we leave here. I know you  aid you wanted to go to Godric’  Hollow fir t, Harry, and I under tand why, but . . . well . . .  houldn’t we make the Horcruxe  our priority?” “If we knew where any of the Horcruxe  were, I’d agree with you,”  aid Harry, who did not believe that Hermione really under tood hi  de ire to return to Godric’  Hollow. Hi  parent ’ grave  were only part of the attraction: He had a  trong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held an wer  for him. Perhap  it wa   imply becau e it wa  there that he had  urvived Voldemort’  Killing Cur e; now that he wa  facing the challenge of repeating the feat, Harry wa  drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to under tand. “Don’t you think there’  a po ibility that Voldemort’  keeping a watch on Godric’  Hollow?” Hermione a ked. “He might expect you to go back and vi it your parent ’ grave  once you’re free to go wherever you like?” Thi  had not occurred to Harry. While he  truggled to find a counterargument, Ron  poke up, evidently following hi  own train of thought. “Thi  R.A.B. per on,” he  aid. “You know, the one who  tole the real locket?” Hermione nodded. “He  aid in hi  note he wa  going to de troy it, didn’t he?” Harry dragged hi  ruck ack toward him and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.’  note wa   till folded. “’I have  tolen the real Horcrux and intend to de troy it a   oon a  I can.’” Harry read out. “Well, what if he did fini h it off?”  aid Ron. “Or  he.” Interpo ed Hermione. “Whichever,”  aid Ron. “it’d be one le  for u  to do!” “Ye , but we’re  till going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren’t we?”  aid Hermione, “to find out whether or not it’  de troyed.” “And once we get hold of it, how do you de troy a Horcrux?” a ked Ron. “Well,”  aid Hermione, “I’ve been re earching that.” “How?” a ked Harry. “I didn’t think there were any book  on Horcruxe  in the library?” “There weren’t,”  aid Hermione, who had turned pink. “Dumbledore removed them all, but he – he didn’t de troy them.” Ron  at up  traight, wide-eyed. “How in the name of Merlin’  pant  have you managed to get your hand  on tho e Horcrux book ?” “It – it wa n’t  tealing!”  aid Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of de peration. “They were  till library book , even if Dumbledore had taken them off the  helve . Anyway, if he really didn’t want anyone to get at them, I’m  ure he would have made it much harder to –“ “Get to the point!”  aid Ron. “Well . . . it wa  ea y,”  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. “I ju t did a Summoning Charm. You know – Accio. And – they zoomed out of Dumbledore’   tudy window right into the girl ’ dormitory.” “But when did you do thi ?” Harry a ked, regarding Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity. “Ju t after hi  – Dumbledore’  – funeral,”  aid Hermione in an even  maller voice. “Right after we agreed we’d leave  chool and go and look for the Horcruxe . When I went back up tair  to get my thing  it – it ju t occurred to me that the more we knew about them, the better it would be . . . and I wa  alone in there . . .  o I tried . . . and it worked. They flew  traight in through the open window and I – I packed them.” She  wallowed and then  aid imploringly, “I can’t believe Dumbledore would have been angry, it’  not a  though we’re going to u e the information to make a Horcrux, i  it?” “Can you hear u  complaining?”  aid Ron. “Where are the e book  anyway?” Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather. She looked a little nau eated and held it a  gingerly a  if it were  omething recently dead. “Thi  i  the one that give  explicit in truction  on how to make a Horcrux. Secret  of the Darke t Art – it’  a horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library. . . . if he didn’t do it until he wa  headma ter, I bet Voldemort got all the in truction he needed from here.” “Why did he have to a k Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, if he’d already read that?” a ked Ron. “He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you  plit your  oul into  even,”  aid Harry. “Dumbledore wa   ure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he a ked Slughorn about them. I think you’re right, Hermione, that could ea ily have been where he got the information.” “And the more I’ve read about them,”  aid Hermione, “the more horrible they  eem, and the le  I can believe that he actually made  ix. It warn  in thi  book how un table you make the re t of your  oul by ripping it, and that’  ju t by making one Horcrux!” Harry remembered what Dumbledore had  aid about Voldemort moving beyond “u ual evil.” “I n’t there any way of putting your elf back together?” Ron a ked. “Ye ,”  aid Hermione with a hollow  mile, “but it would be excruciatingly painful.” “Why? How do you do it?” a ked Harry. “Remor e,”  aid Hermione. “You’ve got to really feel what you’ve done. There’  a footnote. Apparently the pain of it can de troy you. I can’t  ee Voldemort attempting it  omehow, can you?” “No,”  aid Ron, before Harry could an wer. “So doe  it  ay how to de troy Horcruxe  in that book?” “Ye ,”  aid Hermione, now turning the fragile page  a  if examining rotting entrail , “becau e it warn  Dark wizard  how  trong they have to make the enchantment  on them. From all that I’ve read, what Harry did to Riddle’  diary wa  one of the few really foolproof way  of de troying a Horcrux.” “What,  tabbing it with a ba ili k fang?” a ked Harry. “Oh well, lucky we’ve got  uch a large  upply of ba ili k fang , then,”  aid Ron. “I wa  wondering what we were going to do with them.” “It doe n’t have to be a ba ili k fang,”  aid Hermione patiently. “It ha  to be  omething  o de tructive that the Horcrux can’t repair it elf. Ba ili k venom only ha  one antidote, and it’  incredibly rare –“ “– phoenix tear ,”  aid Harry, nodding. “Exactly,”  aid Hermione. “Our problem i  that there are very few  ub tance  a  de tructive a  ba ili k venom, and they’re all dangerou  to carry around with you. That’  a problem we’re going to have to  olve, though, becau e ripping,  ma hing, or cru hing a Horcrux won’t do the trick. You’ve got to put it beyond magical repair.” “But even if we wreck the thing it live  in,”  aid Ron, “why can’t the bit of  oul in it ju t go and live in  omething el e?” “Becau e a Horcrux i  the complete oppo ite of a human being.” Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confu ed, Hermione hurried on. “Look, if I picked up a  word right now, Ron, and ran you through with it, I wouldn’t damage your  oul at all.” ”Which would be a real comfort to me, I’m  ure,”  aid Ron. Harry laughed. “It  hould be, actually! But my point i  that whatever happen  to your body, your  oul will  urvive, untouched,”  aid Hermione. “But it’  the other way round with a Horcrux. The fragment of  oul in ide it depend  on it  container, it  enchanted body, for  urvival. It can’t exi t without it.” “That diary  ort of died when I  tabbed it,”  aid Harry, remembering ink pouring like blood from the punctured page , and the  cream  of the piece of Voldemort’   oul a  it vani hed. “And once the diary wa  properly de troyed, the bit of  oul trapped in it could no longer exi t. Ginny tried to get rid of the diary before you did, flu hing it away, but obviou ly it came back good a  new.” “Hang on,”  aid Ron, frowning. “The bit of  oul in that diary wa  po e ing Ginny, wa n’t it? How doe  that work, then?” “While the magical container i   till intact, the bit of  oul in ide it can flit in and out of  omeone if they get too clo e to the object. I don’t mean holding it for too long, it’  nothing to do with touching it,”  he added before Ron could  peak. “I mean clo e emotionally. Ginny poured her heart out into that diary,  he made her elf incredibly vulnerable. You’re in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux.” “I wonder how Dumbledore de troyed the ring?”  aid Harry. “Why didn’t I a k him? I never really . . .” Hi  voice trailed away: He wa  thinking of all the thing  he  hould have a ked Dumbledore, and of how,  ince the headma ter had died, it  eemed to Harry that he had wa ted  o many opportunitie  when Dumbledore had been alive, to find out more . . . to find out everything. . . . The  ilence wa   hattered a  the bedroom door flew open with a wall- haking cra h. Hermione  hrieked and dropped Secret  of the Darke t Art; Crook hank   treaked under the bed, hi ing indignantly; Ron jumped off the bed,  kidded on a di carded Chocolate Frog wrapper, and  macked hi  head on the oppo ite wall; and Harry in tinctively dived for hi  wand before realizing that he wa  looking up at Mr . Wea ley, who e hair wa  di heveled and who e face wa  contorted with rage. “I’m  o  orry to break up thi  cozy little gathering,”  he  aid, her voice trembling. “I’m  ure you all need your re t . . . but there are wedding pre ent   tacked in my room that need  orting out and I wa  under the impre ion that you had agreed to help.” “Oh ye ,”  aid Hermione, looking terrified a   he leapt to her feet,  ending book  flying in every direction. “we will . . . we’re  orry . . .” With an angui hed look at Harry and Ron, Hermione hurried out of the room after Mr . Wea ley. “it’  like being a hou e-elf,” complained Ron in an undertone,  till ma aging hi  head a  he and Harry followed. “Except without the job  ati faction. The  ooner thi  wedding’  over, the happier, I’ll be.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “then we’ll have nothing to do except find Horcruxe . . . . It’ll be like a holiday, won’t it?” Ron  tarted to laugh, but at the  ight of the enormou  pile of wedding pre ent  waiting for them in Mr . Wea ley’  room,  topped quite abruptly. The Delacour  arrived the following morning at eleven o’ clock. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were feeling quite re entful toward Fleur’  family by thi  time; and it wa  with ill grace that Ron  tumped back up tair  to put on matching  ock , and Harry attempted to flatten hi  hair. Once they had all been deemed  mart enough, they trooped out into the  unny backyard to await the vi itor . Harry had never  een the place looking  o tidy. The ru ty cauldron  and old Wellington boot  that u ually littered the  tep  by the back door were gone, replaced by two new Flutterby bu he   tanding either  ide of the door in large pot ; though there wa  no breeze, the leave  waved lazily, giving an attractive rippling effect. The chicken  had been  hut away, the yard had been  wept, and the nearby garden had been pruned, plucked, and generally  pruced up, although Harry, who liked it in it  overgrown  tate, thought that it looked rather forlorn without it  u ual contingent of capering gnome . He had lo t track of how many  ecurity enchantment  had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Mini try; all he knew wa  that it wa  no longer po ible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place. Mr. Wea ley had therefore gone to meet the Delacour  on top of a nearby hill, where they were to arrive by Portkey. The fir t  ound of their approach wa  an unu ually high-pitched laugh, which turned out to be coming from Mr. Wea ley, who appeared at the gate moment  later, laden with luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in long, leaf green robe , who could be Fleur’  mother. “Maman!” cried Fleur, ru hing forward to embrace her. “Papa!” Mon ieur Delacour wa  nowhere near a  attractive a  hi  wife; he wa  a head  horter and extremely plumb, with a little, pointed black beard. However, he looked good-natured. Bouncing toward  Mr . Wea ley on high-heeled boot , he ki ed her twice on each cheek, leaving her flu tered. “You ‘ave been  o much trouble,” he  aid in a deep voice. “Fleur tell  u  you ‘ave been working very ‘ard.” “Oh, it’  been nothing, nothing!” trilled Mr . Wea ley. “No trouble at all!” Ron relieved hi  feeling  by aiming a kick at a gnome who wa  peering out from behind one of the new Flutterby bu he . “Dear lady!”  aid Mon ieur Delacour,  till holding Mr . Wea ley’  hand between hi  own two plump one  and beaming. “We are mo t honored at the approaching union of our two familie ! Let me pre ent my wife, Apolline.” Madame Delacour glided forward and  tooped to ki  Mr . Wea ley too. “Enchantée,”  he  aid. “Your ‘u band ‘a  been telling u   uch amu ing  torie !” Mr. Wea ley gave a maniacal laugh; Mr . Wea ley threw him a look, upon which he became immediately  ilent and a umed an expre ion appropriate to the  ickbed of a clo e friend. “And, of cour e, you ‘ave met my leetle daughter, Gabrielle!”  aid Mon ieur Delacour. Gabrielle wa  Fleur in miniature; eleven year  old, with wai t-length hair of pure,  ilvery blonde,  he gave Mr . Wea ley a dazzling  mile and hugged her, then threw Harry a glowing look, batting her eyela he . Ginny cleared her throat loudly. “Well, come in, do!”  aid Mr . Wea ley brightly, and  he u hered the Delacour  into the hou e, with many “No, plea e!”  and “After you!”  and “Not at all!” . The Delacour , it  oon tran pired, were helpful, plea ant gue t . They were plea ed with everything and keen to a i t with the preparation  for the wedding. Mon ieur Delacour pronounced everything from the  eating plan to the bride maid ’  hoe  “Charmant!” Madame Delacour wa  mo t accompli hed at hou ehold  pell  and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed her elder  i ter around, trying to a i t in any way  he could and jabbering away in rapid French. On the down ide, the Burrow wa  not built to accommodate  o many people. Mr. and Mr . Wea ley were now  leeping in the  itting room, having  houted down Mon ieur and Madame Delacour’  prote t  and in i ted they take their bedroom. Gabrielle wa   leeping with Fleur in Percy’  old room, and Bill would be  haring with Charlie, hi  be t man, once Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunitie  to make plan  together became virtually nonexi tent, and it wa  in de peration that Harry, Ron and Hermione took to volunteering to feed the chicken  ju t to e cape the overcrowded hou e. “But  he  till won’t leave u  alone!”  narled Ron, and their  econd attempt at a meeting in the yard wa  foiled by the appearance of Mr . Wea ley carrying a large ba ket of laundry in her arm . “Oh, good, you’ve fed the chicken ,”  he called a   he approached them. “We’d better  hut them away again before the men arrive tomorrow . . . to put up the tent for the wedding,”  he explained, pau ing to lean again t the henhou e. She looked exhau ted. “Millamant’  Magic Marquee  . . . they’re very good. Bill’  e corting them. . . . You’d better  tay in ide while they’re here, Harry. I mu t  ay it doe  complicate organizing a wedding, having all the e  ecurity  pell  around the place.” “I’m  orry,”  aid Harry humbly. “Oh, don’t be  illy, dear!”  aid Mr . Wea ley at once. “I didn’t mean – well, your  afety’  much more important! Actually, I’ve been wanting to a k you how you want to celebrate your birthday, Harry. Seventeen, after all, it’  an important day. . . .” “I don’t want a fu ,”  aid Harry quickly, envi aging the additional  train thi  would put on them all. “Really, Mr . Wea ley, ju t a normal dinner would be fine. . . . It’  the day before the wedding. . . .” “Oh, well, if you’re  ure, dear. I’ll invite Remu  and Tonk ,  hall I? And how about Hagrid?” “That’d be great,”  aid Harry. “But plea e, don’t go to load  of trouble.” “Not at all, not at all . . . It’  no trouble. . . .” She looked at him, a long,  earching look, then  miled a little  adly,  traightened up, and walked away. Harry watched a   he waved her wand near the wa hing line, and the damp clothe  ro e into the air to hang them elve  up, and  uddenly he felt a great wave of remor e for the inconvenience and the pain he wa  giving her. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER SEVEN THE WILL OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE He wa  walking along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn. Far below,  wathed in mi t, wa  the  hadow of a  mall town. Wa  the man he  ought down there, the man he needed  o badly he could think of little el e, the man who held the an wer, the an wer to hi  problem...? “Oi, wake up.” Harry opened hi  eye . He wa  lying again on the camp bed in Ron'  dingy attic room. The  un had not yet ri en and the room wa   till  hadowy. Pigwidgeon wa  a leep with hi  head under hi  tiny wing. The  car on Harry'  forehead wa  prickling. “You were muttering in your  leep.” “Wa  I?” “Yeah. 'Gregorovitch.' You kept  aying 'Gregorovitch.'” Harry wa  not wearing hi  gla e ; Ron'  face appeared  lightly blurred. “Who'  Gregorovitch?” “I dunno, do I?” You were the one  aying it." Harry rubbed hi  forehead, thinking. He had a vague idea he had heard the name before, but he could not think where. “I think Voldemort'  looking for him.” “Poor bloke,”  aid Ron fervently. Harry  at up,  till rubbing hi   car, now wide awake. He tried to remember exactly what he had  een in the dream, but all that came back wa  a mountainou  horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a deep valley. “I think he'  abroad.” “Who, Gregorovitch?” “Voldemort. I think he'   omewhere abroad, looking for Gregorovitch. It didn't look like anywhere in Britain.” “You reckon you were  eeing into hi  mind again?” Ron  ounded worried. “Do me a favor and don't tell Hermione,”  aid Harry. “Although how  he expect  me to  top  eeing  tuff in my  leep...” He gazed up at little Pigwidgeon'  cage, thinking...Why wa  the name “Gregorovitch” familiar? “I think,” he  aid  lowly, “he'  got  omething to do with Quidditch. There'   ome connection, but I can't--I can't think what it i .” “Quidditch?”  aid Ron. “Sure you're not thinking of Gorgovitch?” “Who?” “Dragomir Gorgovitch, Cha er, tran ferred to the Chudley Cannon  for a record fee two year  ago. Record holder for mo t Quaffle drop  in a  ea on.” “No,”  aid Harry. “I'm definitely not thinking of Gorgovitch.” “I try not to either,”  aid Ron. “Well, happy birthday anyway.” “Wow -- that'  right, I forgot! I'm  eventeen!” Harry  eized the wand lying be ide hi  camp bed, pointed it at the cluttered de k where he had left hi  gla e , and  aid, “Accio Gla e !” Although they were only around a foot away, there wa   omething immen ely  ati fying about  eeing them zoom toward him, at lea t until they poked him in the eye. “Slick,”  norted Ron. Reveling in the removal of hi  Trace, Harry  ent Ron'  po e ion  flying around the room, cau ing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around hi  cage. Harry al o tried tying the lace  of hi  trainer  by magic (the re ultant knot took  everal minute  to untie by hand) and, purely for the plea ure of it, turned the orange robe  on Ron'  Chudley Cannon  po ter  bright blue. “I'd do your fly by hand, though,” Ron advi ed Harry,  niggering when Harry immediately checked it. “Here'  your pre ent. Unwrap it up here, it'  not for my mother'  eye .” “A book?”  aid Harry a  he took the rectangular parcel. “Bit of a departure from tradition, i n't it?” “Thi  i n't your average book,”  aid Ron. “It'd pure gold: Twelve Fail-Safe Way  to Charm Witche . Explain  everything you need to know about girl . If only I'd had thi  la t year I'd have known exactly how to get rid of Lavender and I would've known how to get going with... Well, Fred and George gave me a copy, and I've learned a lot. You'd be  urpri ed, it'  not all about wandwork, either.” When they arrived in the kitchen they found a pile of pre ent  waiting on the table. Bill and Mon ieur Delacour were fini hing their breakfa t , while Mr . Wea ley  tood chatting to them over the frying pan. “Arthur told me to wi h you a happy  eventeenth, Harry,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, beaming at him. “He had to leave early for work, but he'll be back for dinner. That'  our pre ent on top.” Harry  at down, took the  quare parcel  he had indicated, and unwrapped it. In ide wa  a watch very like the one Mr. and Mr . Wea ley had given Ron for hi   eventeenth; it wa  gold, with  tar  circling around the race in tead of hand . “It'  traditional to give a wizard a watch when he come  of age,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, watching him anxiou ly from be ide the cooker. “I'm afraid that one i n't new like Ron' , it wa  actually my brother Fabian'  and he wa n't terribly careful with hi  po e ion , it'  a bit dented on the back, but--” The re t of her  peech wa  lo t; Harry had got up and hugged her. He tried to put a lot of un aid thing  into the hug and perhap   he under tood them, becau e  he patted hi  cheek clum ily when he relea ed her, then waved her wand in a  lightly random way, cau ing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying pan onto the floor. “Happy birthday, Harry!”  aid Hermione, hurrying into the kitchen and adding her own pre ent to the top of the pile. “It'  not much, but I hope you like it. What did you get him?”  he added to Ron, who  eemed not to hear her. “Come on, then, open Hermione' !”  aid Ron. She had bought him a new Sneako cope. The other package  contained an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur (“Ah ye , zi  will give you ze  moothe t  have you will ever 'ave,” Mon ieur Delacour a ured him, “but you mu t tell it clearly what you want...ozzerwi e you might find you 'ave a leetle le  hair zan you would like...”), chocolate  from the Delacour , and an enormou  box of the late t Wea ley ' Wizard Wheeze  merchandi e from Fred and George. Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, a  the arrival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded. “I'll pack the e for you,” Hermione  aid brightly, taking Harry'  pre ent  out of hi  arm  a  the three of them headed back up tair . “I'm nearly done, I'm ju t waiting for the re t of your underpant  to come out of the wa h, Ron--” Ron'   plutter wa  interrupted by the opening of a door on the fir t-floor landing. “Harry, will you come in here a moment?” It wa  Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took him by the elbow and tugged him on up the  tair . Feeling nervou , Harry followed Ginny into her room. He had never been in ide it before. It wa   mall, but bright. There wa  a large po ter of the Wizarding band the Weird Si ter  on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jone , Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpie , on the other. A de k  tood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and Ginny had once played a two-a- ide Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now hou ed a large, pearly white marquee. The golden flag on top wa  level with Ginny'  window. Ginny looked up into Harry'  face, took a deep breath, and  aid, “Happy  eventeenth.” “Yeah...thank .” She wa  looking at him  teadily; he however, found it difficult to look back at her; it wa  like gazing into a brilliant light. “Nice view,” he  aid feebly, pointing toward with window. She ignored thi . He could not blame her. “I couldn't think what to get you,”  he  aid. “You didn't have to get me anything.” She di regarded thi  too. “I didn't know what would be u eful. Nothing too big, becau e you wouldn't be able to take it with you.” He chanced a glance at her. She wa  not tearful; that wa  one of the many wonderful thing  about Ginny,  he wa  rarely weepy. He had  ometime  thought that having  ix brother  mu t have toughened her up. She took a  tep clo er to him. “So then I thought, I'd like you to have  omething to remember me by, you know, if you meet  ome veela when you're off doing whatever you're doing.” “I think dating opportunitie  are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be hone t.” “There'  the  ilver lining I've been looking for,”  he whi pered, and then  he wa  ki ing him a   he had never ki ed him before, and Harry wa  ki ing her back, and it wa  bli ful oblivion better than firewhi ky;  he wa  the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of her, one hand at her back and one in her long,  weet- melling hair-- The door banged open behind them and they jumped apart. “Oh,”  aid Ron pointedly. “Sorry.” “Ron!” Hermione wa  ju t behind him,  light out of breath. There wa  a  trained  ilence, then Ginny had  aid in a flat little voice, “Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry.” Ron'  ear  were  carlet; Hermione looked nervou . Harry wanted to  lam the door in their face , but it felt a  though a cold draft had entered the room when the door opened, and hi   hining moment had popped like a  oap bubble. All the rea on  for ending hi  relation hip with Ginny, for  taying well away from her,  eemed to have  lunk in ide the room with Ron, and all happy forgetfulne  wa  gone. He looked at Ginny, wanting to  ay  omething, though he hardly knew what, but  he had turned her back on him. He thought that  he might have  uccumbed, for once, to tear . He could not do anything to comfort her in front of Ron. “I'll  ee you later,” he  aid, and followed the other two out of the bedroom. Ron marched down tair , though the  till-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with him all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them looking  cared. Once he reached the  eclu ion of the fre hly mown lawn, Ron rounded on Harry. “You ditched her. What are you doing now, me ing her around?” “I'm not me ing her around,”  aid Harry, a  Hermione caught up with them. “Ron--” But Ron held up a hand to  ilence her. “She wa  really cut up when you ended it--” “So wa  I. You know why I  topped it, and it wa n't becau e I wanted to.” “Yeah, but you go  nogging her now and  he'  ju t going to get her hope  up again--” “She'  not an idiot,  he know  it can't happen,  he'  not expecting u  to--to end up married, or--” A  he  aid it, a vivid picture formed in Harry'  mind of Ginny in a white dre , marrying a tall, facele , and unplea ant  tranger. In one  piraling moment it  eemed to hit him: Her future wa  free and unencumbered, wherea  hi ...he could  ee nothing but Voldemort ahead. “If you keep groping her every chance you get--” “It won't happen again,”  aid Harry har hly. The day wa  cloudle , but he felt a  though the  un had gone in. “Okay?” Ron looked half re entful, half  heepi h; he rocked backward and forward on hi  feet for a moment, then  aid, “Right then, well, that' ...yeah.” Ginny did not  eek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the re t of the day, nor by any look or ge ture did  he  how that they had  hared more than polite conver ation in her room. Neverthele , Charlie'  arrival came a  a relief to Harry. It provided a di traction, watching Mr . Wea ley force Charlie into a chair, rai e her wand threateningly, and announce that he wa  about to get a proper haircut. A  Harry'  birthday dinner would have  tretched the Burrow'  kitchen to breaking point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonk , and Hagrid,  everal table  were placed end to end in the garden. Fred and George bewitched a number of purple lantern  all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in midair over the gue t . Thank  to Mr . Wea ley'  mini tration , George'  wound wa  neat and clean, but Harry wa  not yet u ed to the dark hole in the  ide of hi  head, de pite the twin ' many joke  about it. Hermione made purple and gold  treamer  erupt from the end of her wand and drape them elve  arti tically over the tree  and bu he . “Nice,”  aid Ron, a  with one final flouri h of her wand, Hermione turned the leave  on the crabapple tree to gold. “You've really got an eye for that  ort of thing.” “Thank you, Ron!”  aid Hermione, looking both plea ed and a little confu ed. Harry turned away,  miling to him elf. He had a funny notion that he would find a chapter on compliment  when he found time to peru e hi  copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Way  to Charm Witche ; he caught Ginny'  eye and grinned at her before remembering hi  promi e to Ron and hurriedly  triking up a conver ation with Mon ieur Delacour. “Out of the way, out of the way!”  ang Mr . Wea ley, coming through the gate with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball- ized Snitch floating in front of her. Second  later Harry realized that it wa  hi  birthday cake, which Mr . Wea ley wa   u pending with her wand, rather than ri k carrying it over the uneven ground. When the cake had finally landed in the middle of the table, Harry  aid, “That look  amazing, Mr . Wea ley.” “Oh, it'  nothing, dear,”  he  aid fondly. Over her  houlder, Ron gave Harry the thumb -up and mouthed, Good one. By  even o'clock all the gue t  had arrived, led into the hou e by Fred and George, who had waited for them at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the occa ion by wearing hi  be t, and horrible, hairy brown  uit. Although Lupin  miled a  he  hook Harry'  hand, Harry thought he looked rather unhappy. It wa  all very odd; Tonk , be ide him, looked  imply radiant. “Happy birthday, Harry,”  he  aid, hugging him tightly. “Seventeen, eh!”  aid Hagrid a  he accepted a bucket- ized gla  of wine from Fred. “Six year  ter the day  ince we met, Harry, d'yeh remember it?” “Vaguely,”  aid Harry, grinning up at him. “Didn't you  ma h down the front door, give Dudley a pig'  tail, and tell me I wa  a wizard?” “I forge' the detail ,” Hagrid chortled. “All righ', Ron, Hermione?” “We're fine,”  aid Hermione. “How are you?” “Ar, not bad. Bin bu y, we got  ome newborn unicorn . I'll  how yeh when yeh get back--” Harry avoided Ron'  and Hermione'  gaze  a  Hagrid rummaged in hi  pocket. “Here. Harry -- couldn't think what ter get teh, but then I remembered thi .” He pulled out a  mall,  lightly furry draw tring pouch with a long  tring, evidently intended to be worn around the neck. “Moke kin. Hide anythin' in there an' no one but the owner can get it out. They're rare, them.” “Hagrid, thank !” “'S'nothin',”  aid Hagrid with a wave of a du tbin-lid- ized hand. “An' there'  Charlie! Alway  liked him -- hey! Charlie!” Charlie approached, running hi  hand  lightly ruefully over hi  new, brutally  hort haircut. He wa   horter than Ron, thick et, with a number of burn  and  cratche  up hi  mu cley arm . “Hi, Hagrid, how'  it going?” “Bin meanin' ter write fer age . How'  Norbert doin'?” “Norbert?” Charlie laughed. “The Norwegian Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now.” “Wha -- Norbert'  a girl?” “Oh yeah,”  aid Charlie. “How can you tell?” a ked Hermione. “They're a lot more viciou ,”  aid Charlie. He looked over hi   houlder and dropped hi  voice. “Wi h Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum'  getting edgy.” They all looked over at Mr . Wea ley. She wa  trying to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly at the gate. “I think we'd better  tart without Arthur,”  he called to the garden at large after a moment or two. “He mu t have been held up at -- oh!” They all  aw it at the  ame time: a  treak of light that came flying acro  the yard and onto the table, where it re olved it elf into a bright  ilver wea el, which  tood on it  hind leg  and  poke with Mr. Wea ley'  voice. “Mini ter of Magic coming with me.” The Patronu  di olved into thin air, leaving Fleur'  family peering in a toni hment at the place where it had vani hed. “We  houldn't be here,”  aid Lupin at once. “Harry -- I'm  orry -- I'll explain  ome other time--” He  eized Tonk ’  wri t and pulled her away; they reached the fence, climbed over it, and vani hed from  ight. Mr . Wea ley looked bewildered. “The Mini ter -- but why--? I don't under tand--” But there wa  no time to di cu  the matter; a  econd later, Mr. Wea ley had appeared out of thin air at the gate, accompanied by Rufu  Scrimgeour, in tantly recognizable by hi  mane of grizzled hair. The two newcomer  marched acro  the yard toward the garden and the lantern-lit table, where everybody  at in  ilence, watching them draw clo er. A  Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light. Harry  aw that he looked much older than the la t time that had met,  craggy and grim. “Sorry to intrude,”  aid Scrimgeour, a  he limped to a halt before the table. “E pecially a  I can  ee that I am gate-cra hing a party.” Hi  eye  lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake. “Many happy return .” “Thank ,”  aid Harry. “I require a private word with you,” Scrimgeour went on. “Al o with Mr. Ronald Wea ley and Mi  Hermione Granger.” “U ?”  aid Ron,  ounding  urpri ed. “Why u ?” “I  hall tell you that when we are  omewhere more private,”  aid Scrimgeour. "I  there  uch a place?' he demanded of Mr. Wea ley. “Ye , of cour e,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, who looked nervou . “The, er,  itting room, why don't you u e that?” “You can lead the way,” Scrimgeour  aid to Ron. “There will be no need for you to accompany u , Arthur.” Harry  aw Mr. Wea ley exchange a worried look with Mr . Wea ley a  he, Ron, and Hermione  tood up. A  they led the way back to the hou e in  ilence, Harry knew that the other two were thinking the  ame a  he wa ; Scrimgeour mu t,  omehow, had learned that the three of them were planning to drop out of Hogwart . Scrimgeour did not  peak a  they all pa ed through the me ed kitchen and into the Burrow'   itting room. Although the garden had been full of  oft golden evening light, it wa  already dark in here; Harry flicked hi  wand at the oil lamp  a  he entered and they illuminated the  habby but cozy room. Scrimgeour  at him elf in the  agging armchair that Mr. Wea ley normally occupied, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to  queeze  ide by  ide onto the  ofa. Once they had done  o, Scrimgeour  poke. “I have  ome que tion  for the three of you, and I think it will be be t if we do it individually. If you two” -- he pointed at Harry and Hermione -- “can wait up tair , I will  tart with Ronald.” “We're not going anywhere,”  aid Harry, while Hermione nodded vigorou ly. “You can  peak to u  together, or not at all.” Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, apprai ing look. Harry had the impre ion that the Mini ter wa  wondering whether it wa  worthwhile opening ho tilitie  thi  early. “Very well then, together,” he  aid,  hrugging. He cleared hi  throat. “I am here, a  I'm  ure you know, becau e of Albu  Dumbledore'  will.” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. “A  urpri e, apparently! You were not aware then that Dumbledore had left you anything?” “A-all of u ?”  aid Ron, “Me and Hermione too?” “Ye , all of --” But Harry interrupted. “Dumbledore died over a month ago. Why ha  it taken thi  long to give u  what he left u ?” “I n't it obviou ?”  aid Hermione, before Scrimgeour could an wer. “They wanted to examine whatever he'  left u . You had no right to do that!”  he  aid, and her voice trembled  lightly. “I had every right,”  aid Scrimgeour di mi ively. “The Decree for Ju tifiable Confi cation give  the Mini try the power the confi cate the content  of a will--” “That law wa  created to  top wizard  pa ing on Dark artifact ,”  aid Hermione, “and the Mini try i   uppo ed to have powerful evidence that the decea ed'  po e ion  are illegal before  eizing them! Are you telling me that you thought Dumbledore wa  trying to pa  u   omething cur ed?” “Are you planning to follow a career in Magical Law, Mi  Granger?” a ked Scrimgeour. “No, I'm not,” retorted Hermione. “I'm hoping to do  ome good in the world!” Ron laughed. Scrimgeour'  eye  flickered toward him and away again a  Harry  poke. “So why have you decided to let u  have our thing  now? Can't think of a pretext to keep them?” “No, it'll be becau e thirty-one day  are up,”  aid Hermione at once. “They can't keep the object  longer than that unle  they can prove they're dangerou . Right?” “Would you  ay you were clo e to Dumbledore, Ronald?” a ked Scrimgeour, ignoring Hermione. Ron looked  tartled. “Me? Not -- not really... It wa  alway  Harry who...” Ron looked around at Harry and Hermione, to  ee Hermione giving him a  top-talking-now!  ort of look, but the damage wa  done; Scrimgeour looked a  though he had heard exactly what he had expected, and wanted, to hear. He  wooped like a bird of prey upon Ron'  an wer. “If you were not very clo e to Dumbledore, how do you account for the fact that he remembered you in hi  will? He made exceptionally few per onal beque t . The va t majority of hi  po e ion  -- hi  private library, hi  magical in trument , and other per onal effect  -- were left to Hogwart . Why do you think you were  ingled out?” “I...dunno,”  aid Ron. “I...when I  ay we weren't clo e...I mean, I think he liked me...” “You're being mode t, Ron,”  aid Hermione. “Dumbledore wa  very fond of you.” Thi  wa   tretching the truth to breaking point; a  far a  Harry knew, Ron and Dumbledore had never been alone together, and direct contact between them had been negligible. However, Scrimgeour did not  eem to be li tening. He put hi  hand in ide hi  cloak and drew out a draw tring pouch much larger than the one Hagrid had given Harry. From it, he removed a  croll of parchment which he unrolled and read aloud. “'The La t Will and Te tament of Albu  Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore'... Ye , here we are... 'To Ronald Biliu  Wea ley, I leave my Deluminator, in the hope that he will remember me when he u e  it.'” Scrimgeour took from the bag an object that Harry had  een before: It looked  omething like a  ilver cigarette lighter, but it had, he knew, the power to  uck all light from a place, and re tore it, with a  imple click. Scrimgeour leaned forward and pa ed the Deluminator to Ron, who took it and turned it over in the finger  looking  tunned. “That i  a valuable object,”  aid Scrimgeour, watching Ron. “It may even be unique. Certainly it i  of Dumbledore'  own de ign. Why would he have left you and item  o rare?” Ron  hook hi  head, looking bewildered. “Dumbledore mu t have taught thou and  of  tudent ,” Scrimgeour per evered. “Yet the only one  he remembered in hi  will are you three. Why i  that? To what u e did he think you would put to the Deluminator, Mr. Wea ley?” “Put out light , I  'po e,” mumbled Ron. “What el e could I do with it?” Evidently Scrimgeour had no  ugge tion . After  quinting at Ron for a moment or tow, he turned back to Dumbledore'  will. “'To Mi  Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of The Tale  of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that  he will find it entertaining and in tructive.'” Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a  mall book that looked a  ancient a  the copy of Secret  of the Darke t Art up tair . It  binding wa   tained and peeling in place . Hermione took it from Scrimgeour without a word. She held the book in her lap and gazed at it. Harry  aw that the title wa  in rune ; he had never learned to read them. A  he looked, a tear  pla hed onto the embo ed  ymbol . “Why do you think Dumbledore left you that book, Mi  Granger?” a ked Scrimgeour. “He... he knew I liked book ,”  aid Hermione in a thick voice, mopping her eye  with her  leeve. “But why that particular book?” “I don't know. He mu t have thought I'd enjoy it.” “Did you ever di cu  code , or any mean  of pa ing  ecret me age , with Dumbledore?” “No, I didn't,”  aid Hermione,  till wiping her eye  on her  leeve. “And if the Mini try ha n't found any hidden code  in thi  book in thirty-one day , I doubt that I will.” She  uppre ed a  ob. They were wedged together  o tightly that Ron had difficulty extracting hi  arm to put it around Hermione'   houlder . Scrimgeour turned back to the will. “'To Harry Jame  Potter,'” he read, and Harry'  in ide  contracted with a  udden excitement, “'I leave the Snitch he caught in hi  fir t Quidditch match at Hogwart , a  a reminder of the reward  of per everance and  kill.'” A  Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut- ized golden ball, it   ilver wing  fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite  en e of anticlimax. “Why did Dumbledore leave you thi  Snitch?” a ked Scrimgeour. “No idea,”  aid Harry. “For the rea on  you ju t read out, I  uppo e... to remind me what you can get if you... per evere and whatever it wa .” “You think thi  a mere  ymbolic keep ake, then?” “I  uppo e  o,”  aid Harry. “What el e could it be?” “I'm a king the que tion ,”  aid Scrimgeour,  hifting hi  chair a little clo er to the  ofa. Du k wa  really falling out ide now; the marquee beyond the window  towered gho tly white over the hedge. “I notice that your birthday cake i  in the  hape of a Snitch,” Scrimgeour  aid to Harry. “Why i  that?” Hermione laughed deri ively. “Oh, it can't be a reference to the fact Harry'  a great Seeker, that'  way too obviou ,”  he  aid. “There mu t be a  ecret me age from Dumbledore hidden in the icing!” “I don't think there'  anything hidden in the icing,”  aid Scrimgeour, “but a Snitch would be a very good hiding place for a  mall object. You know why, I'm  ure?” Harry  hrugged, Hermione, however, an wered: Harry thought that an wering que tion  correctly wa   uch a deeply ingrained habit  he could not  uppre  the urge. “Becau e Snitche  have fle h memorie ,”  he  aid. “What?”  aid Harry and Ron together; both con idered Hermione'  Quidditch knowledge negligible. “Correct,”  aid Scrimgeour. “A Snitch i  not touched by bare  kin before it i  relea ed, not even by the maker, who wear  glove . It carrie  an enchantment by which it can identify the fir t human to lay hand  upon it, in ca e of a di puted capture. Thi  Snitch” -- he held up the tiny golden ball -- "will remember your touch, Potter. It occur  to me that Dumbledore, who had prodigiou  magical  kill, whatever hi  other fault , might have enchanted thi  Snitch  o that it will open only for you." Harry'  heart wa  beating rather fa t. He wa   ure that Scrimgeour wa  right. How could he avoid taking the Snitch with hi  bare hand in front of the Mini ter? “You don't  ay anything,”  aid Scrimgeour. “Perhap  you already know what the Snitch contain ?” “No,”  aid Harry,  till wondering how he could appear to touch the Snitch without really doing  o. If only he knew Legilimency, really knew it, and could read Hermione'  mind; he could practically hear her brain whizzing be ide him. “Take it,”  aid Scrimgeour quietly. Harry met the Mini ter'  yellow eye  and knew he had no option but to obey. He held out hi  hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward again and place the Snitch,  lowly and deliberately, into Harry'  palm. Nothing happened. A  Harry'  finger  clo ed around the Snitch, it  tired wing  fluttered and were  till. Scrimgeour, Ron, and Hermione continued to gaze avidly at the now partially concealed ball, a  if  till hoping it might tran form in  ome way. “That wa  dramatic,”  aid Harry coolly. Both Ron and Hermione laughed. “That'  all, then, i  it?” a ked Hermione, making to rai e her elf off the  ofa. “Not quite,”  aid Scrimgeour, who looked bad tempered now. “Dumbledore left you a  econd beque t, Potter.” “What i  it?” a ked Harry, excitement rekindling. Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will thi  time. “The  word of Godric Gryffindor,” he  aid. Hermione and Ron both  tiffened. Harry looked around for a  ign of the ruby-encru ted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pull the  word from the leather pouch, which in any ca e looked much too  mall to contain it. “So where i  it?” Harry a ked  u piciou ly. “Unfortunately,”  aid Scrimgeour, “that  word wa  not Dumbledore'  to give away. The  word of Godric Gryffindor i  an important hi torical artifact, and a   uch, belong --” “It belong  to Harry!”  aid Hermione hotly. “It cho e him, he wa  the one who found it, it came to him out of the Sorting Hat--” “According to reliable hi torical  ource , the  word may pre ent it elf to any worthy Gryffindor,”  aid Scrimgeour. “That doe  not make it the exclu ive property of Mr. Potter, whatever Dumbledore may have decided.” Scrimgeour  cratched hi  badly  haven cheek,  crutinizing Harry. “Why do you think--?” “--Dumbledore wanted to give me the  word?”  aid Harry,  truggling to keep hi  temper. “Maybe he thought it would look nice on my wall.” “Thi  i  not a joke, Potter!” growled Scrimgeour. “Wa  it becau e Dumbledore believed that only the  word of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did he wi h to give you that  word, Potter, becau e he believed, a  do many, that you are the one de tined to de troy He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named?” “Intere ting theory,”  aid Harry. “Ha  anyone ever tried  ticking a  word in Voldemort? Maybe the Mini try  hould put  ome people onto that, in tead of wa ting their time  tripping down Deluminator  or covering up breakout  from Azkaban. So thi  i  what you've been doing, Mini ter,  hut up in your office, trying to break open a Snitch? People are dying – I wa  nearly one of them – Voldemort cha ed me acro  three countrie , he killed Mad-Eye Moody, but there'  no word about any of that from the Mini try, ha  there? And you  till expect u  to cooperate with you!” “You go too far!”  houted Scrimgeour,  tanding up: Harry jumped to hi  feet too. Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and jabbed him hard in the che t with the point of hi  wand; It  inged a hole in Harry'  T- hirt like a lit cigarette. “Oi!”  aid Ron, jumping up and rai ing hi  own wand, but Harry  aid, “No! D'you want to give him an excu e to arre t u ?” “Remembered you're not at  chool, have you?”  aid Scrimgeour breathing hard into Harry'  face. “Remembered that I am not Dumbledore, who forgave your in olence and in ubordination? You may wear that  car like a crown, Potter, but it i  not up to a  eventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It'  time you learned  ome re pect!” “It'  time you earned it.”  aid Harry. The floor trembled; there wa  a  ound of running foot tep , then the door to the  itting room bur t open and Mr. and Mr . Wea ley ran in. “We --- we thought we heard --” began Mr. Wea ley, looking thoroughly alarmed at the  ight of Harry and the Mini ter virtually no e to no e. “—rai ed voice ,” panted Mr . Wea ley. Scrimgeour took a couple of  tep  back from Harry, glancing at the hole he had made in Harry'  T- hirt. He  eemed to regret hi  lo  of temper. “It – it wa  nothing,” he growled. “I … regret your attitude,” he  aid, looking Harry full in the face once more. “You  eem to think that the Mini try doe  not de ire what you – what Dumbledore – de ired. We ought to work together.” “I don't like your method , Mini ter,”  aid Harry. “Remember?” For the  econd time, he rai ed hi  right fi t and di played to Scrimgeour the  car that  till  howed white on the back of it,  pelling I mu t not tell lie  . Scrimgeour'  expre ion hardened. He turned away without another word and limped from the room. Mr . Wea ley hurried after him; Harry heard her  top at the back door. After a minute or  o  he called, “He'  gone!” What did he want?" Mr. Wea ley a ked, looking around at Harry, Ron, and Hermione a  Mr . Wea ley came hurrying back to them. “To give u  what Dumbledore left u ,”  aid Harry. “They've only ju t relea ed the content of hi  will.” Out ide in the garden, over the dinner table , the three object  Scrimgeour had given them were pa ed from hand to hand. Everyone exclaimed over the Deluminator and The Tale  of Beedle the Bard and lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refu ed to pa  on the  word, but none of them could offer any  ugge tion a  to why Dumbledore would have left Harry an old Snitch. A  Mr. Wea ley examined the Deluminator for the third of fourth time, Mr . Wea ley  aid tentatively, “Harry, dear, everyone'  awfully hungry we didn't like to  tart without you… Shall I  erve dinner now?” They all ate rather hurriedly and then after a ha ty choru  of “Happy Birthday” and much gulping of cake, the party broke up. Hagrid, who wa  invited to the wedding the following day, but wa  far too bulky to  leep in the over tretched Burrow, left to  et up a tent for him elf in a neighboring field. “Meet u  up tair ,” Harry whi pered to Hermione, while they helped Mr . Wea ley re tore the garden to it  normal  tate. “After everyone'  gone to bed.” Up in the attic room, Ron examined hi  Deluminator, and Harry filled Hagrid'  moke kin pur e, not with gold, but with tho e item  he mo t prized, apparently worthle  though  ome of them were the Marauder'  Map, the  hard of Siriu '  enchanted mirror, and R.A.B.'  locket. He pulled the  tring tight and  lipped the pur e around hi  neck, then  at holding the old Snitch and watching it  wing  flutter feebly. At la t, Hermione tapped on the door and tiptoed in ide. “Muffiato,”  he whi pered, waving her wand in the direction of the  tair . “Thought you didn't approve of that  pell?”  aid Ron. “Time  change,”  aid Hermione. “Now,  how u  that Deluminator.” Ron obliged at once. Holding I up in front of him, he clicked it. The  olitary lamp they had lit went out at once. “The thing i ,” whi pered Hermione through the dark, “we could have achieved that with Peruvian In tant Darkne  Powder.” There wa  a  mall click, and the ball of light from the lamp flew back to the ceiling and illuminated them all once more. “Still, it'  cool,”  aid Ron, a little defen ively. “And from what they  aid, Dumbledore invented it him elf!” “I know but,  urely he wouldn't have  ingled you out in hi  will ju t to help u  turn out the light !” “D'you think he knew the Mini try would confi cate hi  will and examine everything he'd left u ?” a ked Harry. “Definitely,”  aid Hermione. “He couldn't tell u  in the will why he wa  leaving u  the e thing , but that will doe n't explain…” “… why he couldn't have given u  a hint when he wa  alive?” a ked Ron. “Well, exactly,”  aid Hermione, now flicking through The Tale  of Beedle the Bard. “If the e thing  are important enough to pa  on right under the no e of the Mini try, you'd think he'd have left u  know why… unle  he thought it wa  obviou ?” “Thought wrong, then, didn't he?”  aid Ron. “I alway   aid he wa  mental. Brilliant and everything, but cracked. Leaving Harry an old Snitch – what the hell wa  that about?” “I've no idea,”  aid Hermione. “When Scrimgeour made you take it, Harry, I wa   o  ure that  omething wa  going to happen!” “Yeah, well,”  aid Harry, hi  pul e quickened a  he rai ed the Snitch in hi  finger . “I wa n't going to try too hard in front of Scrimgeour wa  I?” “What do you mean?” a ked Hermione. “The Snitch I caught in my fir t ever Quidditch match?”  aid Harry. “Don't you remember?” Hermione looked  imply bemu ed. Ron, however, ga ped, pointing frantically from Harry to the Snitch and back again until he found hi  voice. “That wa  the one you nearly  wallowed!” “Exactly,”  aid Harry, and with hi  heart beating fa t, he pre ed hi  mouth to the Snitch. It did not open. Fru tration and bitter di appointment welled up in ide him: He lowered the golden  phere, but then Hermione cried out. “Writing! There'  writing on it, quick, look!” He nearly dropped the Snitch in  urpri e and excitement. Hermione wa  quite right. Engraved upon the  mooth golden  urface, where  econd  before there had been nothing, were five word  written in the thin,  lanted handwriting that Harry recognized a  Dumbledore'  I open at the clo e. He had barely read them when the word  vani hed again. “I open at the clo e….” What'  that  uppo ed to mean?" Hermione and Ron  hook their head , looking blank. “I open at the clo e… at the clo e… I open at the clo e…” But no matter how often they repeated the word , with many different inflection , they were unable to wring any more meaning from them. “And the  word,”  aid Ron finally, when they had at la t abandoned their attempt  to divine meaning in the Snitch'  in cription. “Why did he want Harry to have the  word?” “And why couldn't he ju t have told me?” Harry  aid quietly. “I wa  there, it wa  right there on the wall of hi  office during all our talk  la t year! If he wanted me to have it, why didn't he ju t give it to me then?” He felt a  thought he were  itting in an examination with a que tion he ought to have been able to an wer in front of him, hi  brain  low and unre pon ive. Wa  there  omething he had mi ed in the long talk  with Dumbledore la t year? Ought he to know what it all meant? Had Dumbledore expected him to under tand? “And a  for thi  book.” Said Hermione, “The Tale  of Beedle the Bard … I've never even heard of them!” “You've never heard of The Tale  of Beedle the Bard?”  aid Ron incredulou ly. “You're kidding, right?” “No, I'm not,”  aid Hermione in  urpri e. “Do you know them then?” “Well, of cour e I do!” Harry looked up, diverted. The circum tance of Ron having read a book that Hermione had not wa  unprecedented. Ron, however, looked bemu ed by their  urpri e. “Oh come on! All the old kid '  torie  are  uppo ed to be Beedle'  aren't they? 'The Fountain of Fair Fortune' … 'The Wizard and the Hopping Pot'… 'Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump'…” “Excu e me?”  aid Hermione giggling. “What wa  the la t one?” “Come off it!”  aid Ron, looking in di belief from Harry to Hermione. “You mu t've heard of Babbitty Rabbitty –” “Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Muggle !”  aid Hermione. “We didn't hear  torie  like that when we were little, we heard 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarve ' and 'Cinderella' –” “What'  that, an illne ?” a ked Ron. “So the e are children'   torie ?” a ked Hermione, bending again t over the rune . “Yeah.” Said Ron uncertainly. “I mean, ju t what you hear, you know, that all the e old  torie  came from Beedle. I dunno what they're like in the original ver ion .” “But I wonder why Dumbledore thought I  hould read them?” Something cracked down tair . “Probably ju t Charlie, now Mum'  a leep,  neaking off to regrow hi  hair,”  aid Ron nervou ly. “All the  ame, we  hould get to bed,” whi pered Hermione. “It wouldn't do to over leep tomorrow.” “No,” agreed Ron. “A brutal triple murder by the bridegroom'  mother might put a bit of damper on the wedding. I'll get the light.” And he clicked the Deluminator once more a  Hermione left the room. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER EIGHT THE WEDDING Three o’clock on the following afternoon found Harry, Ron, Fred and George  tanding out ide the great white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the wedding gue t . Harry had taken a large do e of Polyjuice Potion and wa  now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had  tolen hair  u ing a Summoning Charm. The plan wa  to introduce Harry a  “Cou in Barny” and tru t to the great number of Wea ley relative  to camouflage him. All four of them were clutching  eating plan ,  o that they could help  how people to the right  eat . A ho t of white-robed waiter  had arrived an hour earlier, along with a golden jacketed band, and all of the e wizard  were currently  itting a  hort di tance away under a tree. Harry could  ee a blue haze of pipe  moke i uing from the  pot. Behind Harry, the entrance to the marquee revealed row  and row  of fragile golden chair   et on either  ide of a long purple carpet. The  upporting pole  were entwined with white and gold flower . Fred and George had fa tened an enormou  bunch of golden balloon  over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would  hortly become hu band and wife. Out ide, butterflie  and bee  were hovering lazily over the gra  and hedgerow. Harry wa  rather uncomfortable. The Muggle boy who e appearance he wa  affecting wa   lightly fatter than him and hi  dre  robe  felt hot and tight in the full glare of a  ummer’  day. “When I get married,”  aid Fred, tugging at the collar of hi  own robe , “I won’t be bothering with any of thi  non en e. You can all wear what you like, and I’ll put a full Body Bird Cur e on Mum until it’  all over.” “She wa n’t too bad thi  morning, con idering,”  aid George. “Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but who want  him. Oh blimey, brace your elve , here they come, look.” Brightly colored figure  were appearing, one by one out of nowhere at the di tant boundary of the yard. Within minute  a proce ion had formed, which began to  nake it  way up through the garden toward the marquee. Exotic flower  and bewitched bird  fluttered on the witche ’ hat , while preciou  gem  glittered from many of the wizard ’ cravat ; a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the  ound of the bee  a  the crowd approached the tent. “Excellent, I think I  ee a few veela cou in ,”  aid George, craning hi  neck for a better look. “They’ll need help under tanding our Engli h cu tom , I’ll look after them….” “Not  o fa t, Your Holeyne ,”  aid Fred, and darting pa t the gaggle of middle-aged witche  heading for the proce ion, he  aid, “Here – permetiez moi to a i ter vou ,” to a pair of pretty French girl , who giggled and allowed him to e cort them in ide. George wa  left to deal with the middle-aged witche  and Ron took charge of Mr. Wea ley’  old Mini try-colleague Perkin , while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harry’  lot. “Wotcher,”  aid a familiar voice a  he came out of the marquee again and found Tonk  and Lupin at the front of the queue. She had turned blonde for the occa ion. “Arthur told u  you were the one with the curly hair. Sorry about la t night,”  he added in a whi per a  Harry led them up the ai le. “The Mini try’  being very anti-werewolf at the mu eum and we thought our pre ence might not do you any favor .” “It’  fine, I under tand,”  aid Harry,  peaking more to Lupin than Tonk . Lupin gave him a  wift  mile, but a  they turned away Harry  aw Lupin’  face fall again into line  of mi ery. He did not under tand it, but there wa  no time to dwell on the matter. Hagrid wa  cau ing a certain amount of di ruption. Having mi under tood Fred’  direction  a  he had  at him elf, not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced  eat  et a ide for him in the back row, but on five  et  that now re embled a large pile of golden match tick . While Mr. Wea ley repaired the damage and Hagrid  houted apologie  to anybody who would li ten, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a mo t eccentric-looking wizard. Slightly cro -eyed, with  houlder-length white hair the texture of candyflo , he wore a cap who e ta el dangled in front of hi  no e and robe  of an eye-watering  hade of egg-yolk yellow. An odd  ymbol, rather like a triangular eye, gli tened from a golden chain around hi  neck. “Xenophiliu  Lovegood,” he  aid, extending a hand to Harry, “my daughter and I live ju t over the hill,  o kind of the good Wea ley  to invite u . But I think you know my Luna?” he added to Ron. “Ye ,”  aid Ron. “I n’t  he with you?” “She lingered in that charming little garden to  ay hello to the gnome ,  uch a gloriou  infe tation! How few wizard  realize ju t how much we can learn from the wi e little gnome  – or, to give them their correct name, the Gernumbli garden i.” “Our  do know a lot of excellent  wear word ,”  aid Ron, “but I think Fred and George taught them tho e.” He led a party of warlock  into the marquee a  Luna ru hed up. “Hello, Harry!”  he  aid. “Er – my name’  Barry,”  aid Harry, flummoxed. “Oh, have you changed that too?”  he a ked brightly. “How did you know -?” “Oh, ju t your expre ion,”  he  aid. Like her father, Luna wa  wearing bright yellow robe , which  he had acce orized with a large  unflower in her hair. Once you get over the brightne  of it all, the general effect wa  quite plea ant. At lea t there were no radi he  dangling from her ear . Xenophiliu , who wa  deep in conver ation with an acquaintance, had mi ed the exchange between Luna and Harry. Biding the wizard farewell, he turned to hi  daughter, who held up her finger and  aid, “Daddy, look – one of the gnome  actually bit me.” “How wonderful! Gnome  aliva i  enormou ly beneficial.” Said Mr. Lovegood,  eizing Luna’  out tretched finger  and examining the bleeding puncture mark . “Luna, my love, if you  hould feel any burgeoning talent today – perhap  an unexpected urge to  ing opera or to declaim  in Mermi h – do not repre  it! You may have been gifted by the Gernumblie !” Ron, pa ing them in the oppo ite direction let out a loud  nort. “Ron can laugh,”  aid Luna  erenely a  Harry led her and Xenophiliu  toward their  eat , “but my father ha  done a lot of re earch on Gernumbli magic.” “Really?”  aid Harry, who had long  ince decided not to challenge Luna or her father’  peculiar view . “Are you  ure you don’t want to put anything on that bite, though?” “Oh, it’  fine,”  aid Luna,  ucking her finger in a dreamy fa hion and looking Harry up and down. “You look  mart. I told Daddy mo t people would probably wear dre  robe , but he believe  you ought to wear  un color  to a wedding, for luck, you know.” A   he drifted off after her father, Ron reappeared with an elderly witch clutching hi  arm. Her beaky no e, red-rimmed eye , and leathery pink hat gave her the look of a bad-tempered flamingo. “…and your hair’  much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thought you were Ginevra. Merlin’  beard, what i  Xenophiliu  Lovegood wearing? He look  like an omelet. And who are you?”  he barked at Harry. “Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, thi  i  our cou in Barny.” “Another Wea ley? You breed like gnome . I n’t Harry Potter here? I wa  hoping to meet him. I thought he wa  a friend of your , Ronald, or have you merely been boa ting?” “No – he couldn’t come –“ “Hmm. Made an excu e, did he? Not a  gormle  a  he look  in pre  photograph , then. I’ve ju t been in tructing the bride on how be t to wear my tiara,”  he  houted at Harry. “Goblin-made, you know, and been in my family for centurie . She’  a good-looking girl, but  till – French. Well, well, find me a good  eat, Ronald, I am a hundred and  even and I ought not to be on my feet too long.” Ron gave Harry a meaningful look a  he pa ed and did not reappear for  ome time. When next they met at the entrance, Harry had  hown a dozen more people to their place . The Marquee wa  nearly full now and for the fir t time there wa  no queue out ide. “Nightmare, Muriel i ,”  aid Ron, mopping hi  forehead on hi   leeve. “She u ed to come for Chri tma  every year, then, thank God,  he took offen e becau e Fred and George  et off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner. Dad alway   ay   he’ll have written them out of her will – like they care, they’re going to end up richer than anyone in the family, rate they’re going… Wow,” he added, blinking rather rapidly a  Hermione came hurrying toward them. “You look great!” “Alway  the tone of  urpri e,”  aid Hermione, though  he  miled. She wa  wearing a floaty, lilac-colored dre  with matching high heel ; her hair wa   leek and  hiny. “Your Great-Aunt Muriel doe n’t agree, I ju t met her up tair  while  he wa  giving Fleur the tiara. She  aid, ‘Oh dear, i  thi  the Muggle-born?’ and then, ‘Bad po ture and  kinny ankle .’” “Don’t take it per onally,  he’  rude to everyone,”  aid Ron. “Talking about Muriel?” inquired George, reemerging from the marquee with Fred. “Yeah,  he’  ju t told me my ear  are lop ided. Old bat. I wi h old Uncle Biliu  wa   till with u , though; he wa  a right laugh at wedding .” “Wa n’t he the one who  aw a Grim and died twenty-four hour  later?” a ked Hermione. “Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end,” conceded George. “But before he went loopy he wa  the life and  oul of the party,”  aid Fred. “He u ed to down an entire bottle of firewhi ky, then run onto the dance floor, hoi t up hi  robe , and  tart pulling bunche  of flower  out of hi  –“ “Ye , he  ound  a real charmer,”  aid Hermione, while Harry roared with laughter. “Never married, for  ome rea on,”  aid Ron. “You amaze me,”  aid Hermione. They were all laughing  o much that none of them noticed the latecomer, a dark-haired young man with a large, curved no e and thick black eyebrow , until he held out hi  invitation to Ron and  aid, with hi  eye  on Hermione, “You look vunderful.” “Viktor!”  he  hrieked, and dropped her  mall beaded bag, which made a loud thump quite di proportionate to it   ize. A   he  crambled, blu hing, to pick it up,  he  aid “I didn’t know you were – goodne  – it’  lovely to  ee – how are you?” Ron’  ear  had turned bright red again. After glancing at Krum’  invitation a  if he did not believe a word of it, he  aid, much too loudly, “how come you’re here?” “Fleur invited me,”  aid Krum, eyebrow  rai ed. Harry, who had no grudge again t Krum,  hook hand ; then feeling that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Ron’  vicinity, offered to  how him hi   eat. “Your friend i  not plea ed to  ee me,”  aid Krum, a  they entered the now packed marquee. “Or i  he a relative?” he added with a glance at Harry’  red curly hair. “Cou in.” Harry muttered, but Krum wa  not really li tening. Hi  appearance wa  cau ing a  tir, particularly among t the veela cou in : He wa , after all, a famou  Quidditch player. While people were  till craning their neck  to get a good look at him, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the ai le. “Time to  it down,” Fred told Harry, “or we’re going to get run over by the bride.” Harry, Ron and Hermione took their  eat  in the  econd row behind Fred and George. Hermione looked rather pink and Ron’  ear  were  till  carlet. After a few moment  he muttered to Harry, “Did you  ee he’  grown a  tupid little beard?” Harry gave a noncommittal grunt. A  en e of jittery anticipation had filled the warm tent, the general murmuring broken by occa ional  purt  of excited laughter. Mr. and Mr . Wea ley  trolled up the ai le,  miling and waving at relative ; Mr . Wea ley wa  wearing a brand-new  et of amethy t colored robe  with a matching hat. A moment later Bill and Charlie  tood up at the front of the marquee, both wearing dre  robe , with larger white ro e  in their buttonhole ; Fred wolf-whi tled and there wa  an outbreak of giggling from the veela cou in . Then the crowd fell  ilent a  mu ic  welled from what  eemed to be the golden balloon . “Ooooh!”  aid Hermione,  wiveling around in her  eat to look at the entrance. A great collective  igh i ued from the a embled witche  and wizard  a  Mon ieur Delacour and Fleur came walking up the ai le, Fleur gliding, Mon ieur Delacour bouncing and beaming. Fleur wa  wearing a very  imple white dre  and  eemed to be emitting a  trong,  ilvery glow. While her radiance u ually dimmed everyone el e by compari on, today it beautified everybody it fell upon. Ginny and Gabrielle, both wearing golden dre e , looked even prettier than u ual and once Fleur had reached for him, Bill did not look a  though he had ever met Fenrit Greyback. “Ladie  and gentlemen,”  aid a  lightly  ing ong voice, and with a  light  hock, Harry  aw the  ame  mall, tufty-hired wizard who had pre ided at Dumbledore’  funeral, now  tanding in front of Bill and Fleur. “We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful  oul …” “Ye , my tiara  et off the whole thing nicely,”  aid Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whi per. “But I mu t  ay, Ginevra’  dre  i  far too low cut.” Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again. Harry’  mind wandered a long way from the marquee, back to the afternoon   pent alone with Ginny in lonely part  of the  chool ground . They  eemed  o long ago; they had alway   eemed too good to be true, a  though he had been  tealing  hining hour  from a normal per on’  life, a per on without a lightning- haped  car on hi  forehead…. “Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur I abelle…?” In the front row, Mr . Wea ley and Madame Delacour were both  obbing quietly into  crap  of lace. Trumpetlike  ound  from the back of the marquee told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of hi  own tablecloth- ized handkerchief . Hermione turned around and beamed at Harry; her eye  too were full of tear . “…then I declare you bonded for life.” The tufty-haired wizard waved hi  hand high over the head  of Bill and Fleur and a  hower of  ilver  tar  fell upon them,  piraling around their now entwined figure . A  Fred and George led a round of applau e, the golden balloon  overhead bur t. Bird  of paradi e and tiny golden bell  flew and floated out of them, adding their  ong  and chime  to the din. “Ladie  and gentlemen!” called the tufty-haired wizard. “If you would plea e  tand up!” They all did  o, Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly; he waved hi  wand again. The  car  on which they had been  itting ro e gracefully into the air a  the canva  wall  of the marquee vani hed,  o that they  tood beneath a canopy  upported by golden pole , with a gloriou  view of the  unlit orchard and  urrounding country ide. Next, a pool of molten gold  pread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; the hovering chair  grouped them elve  around  mall, white-clothed table , which all floated gracefully back to earth round it, and the golden-jacketed hand trooped toward a podium. “Smooth,”  aid Ron approvingly a  the waiter  popped up on all  ide ,  ome hearing  ilver tray  of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhi ky, other  tottering pile  of tart  and  andwiche . “We  hould go and congratulate them!”  aid Hermione,  tanding on tiptoe to  ee the place where Bill and Fleur had vani hed amid a crowd of well-wi her . “We’ll have time later,”  hrugged Ron,  natching three butterbeer  from a pa ing tray and handing one to Harry. “Hermione, cop hold, let’  grab a table…. Not there! Nowhere near Muriel –“ Ron led the way acro  the empty dance floor, glancing left and right a  he went; Harry felt  ure that he wa  keeping an eye out for Krum. By the time they had reached the other  ide of the marquee, mo t of the table  were occupied: The emptie t wa  the one where Luna  at alone. “All right if we join you?” a ked Ron. “Oh ye ,”  he  aid happily. “Daddy’  ju t gone to give Bill and Fleur our pre ent.” “What i  it, a lifetime’   upply of Gurdyroot ?” a ked Ron. Hermione aimed a kick at him under the table, but caught Harry in tead. Eye  watering in pain, Harry lo t track of the conver ation for a few moment . The band had begun to play, Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor fir t, to great applau e; after a while, Mr. Wea ley led Madame Delacour onto the floor, followed by Mr. Wea ley and Fleur’  father. “I like thi   ong,”  aid Luna,  waying in time to the waltzlike tune, and a few  econd  later  he  tood up and glided onto the dance floor, where  he revolved on the  pot, quite alone, eye  clo ed and waving her arm . “She’  great i n’t  he?”  aid Ron admiringly. “Alway  good value.” But the  mile vani hed from hi  face at once: Viktor Krum had dropped into Luna’  vacant  eat. Hermione looked plea urably flu tered but thi  time Krum had not come to compliment her. With a  cowl on hi  face he  aid, “Who i  that man in the yellow?” “That’  Xenophiliu  Lovegood, he’  the father of a friend of our ,”  aid Ron. Hi  pugnaciou  tone indicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophiliu , de pite the clear provocation. “Come and dance,” he added abruptly to Hermione. She looked taken aback, but plea ed too, and got up. They vani hed together into the growing throng on the dance floor. “Ah, they are together now?” a ked Krum, momentarily di tracted. “Er –  ort of,”  aid Harry. “Who are you?” Krum a ked. “Barny Wea ley.” They  hook hand . “You, Barny – you know thi  man Lovegood well?” “No, I only met him today. Why?” Krum glowered over the top of hi  drink, watching Xenophiliu , who wa  chatting to  everal warlock  on the other  ide of the dance floor. “Becau e,”  aid Krum, “If he vu  not a gue t of Fleur’  I vould dud him, here and now, for veering that filthy  ign upon hi  che t.” “Sign?”  aid Harry, looking over at Xenophiliu  too. The  trange triangular eye wa  gleaming on hi  che t. “Why? What’  wrong with it?” “Grindelvald. That i  Grindelvald’   ign.” “Grindelwald… the Dark wizard Dumbledore defeated?” “Exactly.” Krum’  jaw mu cle  worked a  if he were chewing, then he  aid, “Grindelvald killed many people, my grandfather, for in tance. Of cour e, he vo  never powerful in thi  country, they  aid he feared Dumbledore – and rightly,  eeing how he vo  fini hed. But thi ” – he pointed a finger at Xenophiliu  – “thi  i  hi   ymbol, I recognized it at vunce: Grindelvald carved it into a vall at Durm trang ver he vo  a pupil there. Some idiot  copied it onto their book  and clothe  thinking to  hock, make them elve  impre ive – until tho e of u  who had lo t family member  to Grindelvald taught them better.” Krum cracked hi  knuckle  menacingly and glowered at Xenophiliu . Harry felt perplexed. It  eemed incredibly unlikely that Luna’  father wa  a  upporter of the Dark Art , and nobody el e in the tent  eemed to have recognized the triangular, finlike  hape. “Are you – er – quite  ure it’  Grindelwald’  -?” “I am not mi taken,”  aid Krum coldly. “I walked pa t that  ign for  everal year , I know it vell.” “Well, there’  a chance,”  aid Harry, “that Xenophiliu  doe n’t actually know what the  ymbol mean , the Lovegood  are quite… unu ual. He could have ea ily picked it up  omewhere and think it’  a cro   ection of the head of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack or  omething.” “The cro   ection of a vot?” “Well, I don’t know what they are, but apparently he and hi  daughter go on holiday looking for them….” Harry felt he wa  doing a bad job explaining Luna and her father. “That’  her,” he  aid, pointing at Luna, who wa   till dancing alone, waving her arm  around her head like  omeone attempting to beat off midge . “Vy i   he doing that?” a ked Krum. “Probably trying to get rid of a Wrack purt,”  aid Harry, who recognized the  ymptom . Krum did not  eem to know whether or not Harry wa  making fun of him. He drew hi  hand from in ide hi  robe and tapped it menacingly on hi  thigh ;  park  flew out of the end. “Gregorovitch!”  aid Harry loudly, and Krum  tarted, but Harry wa  too excited to care; the memory had come back to him at the  ight of Krum’  wand: Ollivander taking it and examining it carefully before the Triwizard Tournament. “Vot about him?” a ked Krum  u piciou ly. “He’  a wandmaker!” “I know that,”  aid Krum. “He made your wand! That’  why I thought – Quidditch –“ Krum wa  looking more and more  u piciou . “How do you know Gregorovitch made my wand?” “I…I read it  omewhere, I think,”  aid Harry. “In a – a fan magazine,” he improvi ed wildly and Krum looked mollified. “I had not realized I ever di cu ed my vand with fan ,” he  aid. “So… er… where i  Gregorowitch the e day ?” Krum looked puzzled. “He retired  everal year  ago. I wa  one of the la t to purcha e a Gregorovitch vand. They are the be t –although I know, of cour e, that your Briton   et much  tore by Ollivander.” Harry did not an wer. He pretended to watch the dancer , like Krum, but he wa  thinking hard. So Voldemort wa  looking for a celebrated wandmaker and Harry did not have to  earch far for a rea on. It wa   urely becau e of what Harry’ wand had done on the night that Voldemort pur ued him acro  the  kie . The holly and phoenix feather wand had conquered the borrowed wand,  ome thing that Ollivander had not anticipated or under tood. Would Gregorowitch know better? Wa  he truly more  killed than Ollivander, did he know  ecret  of wand  that Ollivander did not? “Thi  girl i  very nice-looking,” Krum  aid, recalling Harry to hi   urrounding . Krum wa  pointing at Ginny, who had ju t joined Luna. “She i  al o a relative of your ?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry,  uddenly irritated, “and  he’   eeing  omeone. Jealou  type. Big bloke. You wouldn’t want to cro  him.” Krum grunted. “Vot,” he  aid, draining hi  goblet and getting to hi  feet again, “i  the point of being an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girl  are taken?” And he  trode off leaving Harry to take a  andwich from a pa ing waiter and make hi  way around the edge of the crowded dance floor. He wanted to find Ron, to tell him about Gregorovitch, but he wa  dancing with Hermione out in the middle of the floor. Harry leaned up again t one of the golden pillar  and watched Ginny, who wa  now dancing with Fred and George’  friend Lee Jordan, trying not to feel re entful about the promi e he had given Ron. He had never been to a wedding before,  o he could not judge how Wizarding celebration  differed from Muggle one , though he wa  pretty  ure that the latter would not involve a wedding cake topped with two model phoenixe  that took flight when the cake wa  cut, or bottle  of champagne that floated un upported through the crowd. A  the evening drew in, and moth  began to  woop under the canopy, now lit with floating golden lantern , the revelry became more and more uncontained. Fred and George had long  ince di appeared into the darkne  with a pair of Fleur’  cou in ; Charlie, Hagrid, and a  quat wizard in a purple porkpie hat were  inging “Odo the Hero” in the corner. Wandering through the crowd  o a  to e cape a drunken uncle of Ron’  who  eemed un ure whether or not Harry wa  hi   on, Harry  potted an old wizard  itting alone at a table. Hi  cloud of white hair made him look rather like an aged dandelion clock and wa  topped by a moth-eaten fez. He wa  vaguely familiar: Racking hi  brain , Harry  uddenly realized that thi  wa  Elphia  Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledore’  obituary. Harry approached him. “May I  it down?” “Of cour e, of cour e,”  aid Doge; he had a rather high-pitched, wheezy voice. Harry leaned in. “Mr. Doge, I’m Harry Potter.” Doge ga ped. “My dear boy! Arthur told me you were here, di gui ed…. I am  o glad,  o honored!” In a flutter of nervou  plea ure Doge poured Harry a goblet of champagne. “I thought of writing to you,” he whi pered, “after Dumbledore… the  hock… and for you, I am  ure…” Doge’  tiny eye  filled with  udden tear . “I  aw the obituary you wrote for the Daily Prophet,”  aid Harry. “I didn’t realize you knew Profe or Dumbledore  o well.” “A  well a  anyone,”  aid Doge, dabbing hi  eye  with a napkin. “Certainly I knew him longe t, if you don’t count Aberforth – and  omehow, people never do  eem to count Aberforth.” “Speaking of the Daily Prophet… I don’t know whether you  aw, Mr. Doge -?” “Oh, plea e call me Elphia , dear boy.” “Elphia , I don’t know whether you  aw the interview Rita Skeeter gave about Dumbledore?” Doge’  face flooded with angry color. “Oh ye , Harry, I  aw it. That woman, or vulture might be a more accurate term, po itively pe tered me to talk to her, I am a hamed to  ay that I became rather rude, called her an interfering trout, which re ulted, a  you my have  een, in a per ion  ca t upon my  anity.” “Well, in that interview,” Harry went on, “Rita Skeeter hinted that Profe or Dumbledore wa  involved in the Dark Art  when he wa  young.” “Don’t believe a word of it!”  aid Doge at once. “Not a word, Harry! Let nothing tarni h your memorie  of Albu  Dumbledore!” Harry looked into Doge’  earne t, pained face, and felt, not rea ured, but fru trated. Did Doge really think it wa  that ea y, that Harry could  imply choo e not to believe? Didn’t Doge under tand Harry’  need to be  ure, to know everything?” Perhap  Doge  u pected Harry’  feeling , for he looked concerned and hurried on, “Harry, Rita Skeeter i  a dreadful –“ But he wa  interrupted by a  hrill cackle. “Rita Skeeter? Oh, I love her, alway  read her!” Harry and Doge looked up to  ee Auntie Muriel  tanding there, the plume  dancing on her hair, a goblet of champagne in her hand. “She’  written a book about Dumbledore, you know!” “Hello, Muriel,”  aid Doge, “Ye , we were ju t di cu ing –“ “You there! Give me your chair, I’m a hundred and  even!” Another redheaded Wea ley cou in jumped off hi   eat, looking alarmed, and Auntie Muriel  wung it around with  urpri ing  trength and plopped her elf down upon it between Doge and Harry. “Hello again, Barry or whatever your name i ,”  he  aid to Harry, “Now what were you  aying about Rita Skeeter, Elphia ? You know,  he’  written a biography of Dumbledore? I can’t wait to read it. I mu t remember to place an order at Flouri h and Blott !” Doge looked  tiff and  olemn at thi  but Auntie Muriel drained her goblet and clicked her bony finger  at a pa ing waiter for a replacement. She took another large gulp of champagne, belched and then  aid, “There’  no need to look like a pair of  tuffed frog ! Before he became  o re pected and re pectable and all that to h, there were  ome mighty funny rumor  about Albu !” “Ill-informed  niping,”  aid Doge, turning radi h-colored again. “You would  ay that, Elphia ,” cackled Auntie Muriel. “I noticed how you  kated over the  ticky patche  in that obituary of your !” “I’m  orry you think  o,”  aid Doge, more coldly  till. “I a ure you I wa  writing from the heart.” “Oh, we all know you wor hipped Dumbledore; I dare ay you’ll  till think he wa  a  aint even if it doe  turn out that he did away with hi  Squib  i ter!” “Muriel!” exclaimed Doge. A chill that had nothing to do with the iced champagne wa   tealing through Harry’  che t. “What do you mean?” he a ked Muriel. “Who  aid hi   i ter wa  a Squib? I thought  he wa  ill?” “Thought wrong, then, didn’t you, Barry!”  aid Auntie Muriel, looking delighted at the effect  he had produced. “Anyway, how could you expect to know anything about it! IT all happened year  and year  before you were even thought of, my dear, and the truth i  that tho e of u  who were alive then never knew what really happened. That’  why I can’t wait to find out what Skeeter’  unearthed! Dumbledore kept that  i ter of hi  quiet for a long time!” “Untrue!” wheezed Doge, “Ab olutely untrue!” “He never told me hi   i ter a  a Squib,”  aid Harry, without thinking,  till cold in ide. “And why on earth would he tell you?”  creeched Muriel,  waying a little in her  eat a   he attempted to focu  upon Harry. “The rea on Albu  never  poke about Ariana,” began Elphia  in a voice  tiff with emotion, “i , I  hould have thought, quite clear. He wa   o deva tated by her death –“ “Why did nobody ever  ee her, Elphia ?”  quawked Muriel, “Why did half of u  never even know  he exi ted, until they carried the coffin out of the hou e and held a funeral for her? Where wa   aintly Albu  while Ariana wa  locked in the cellar? Off being brilliant at Hogwart , and never mind what wa  going on in hi  own hou e!” “What d’you mean, locked in the cellar?” a ked Harry. “What i  thi ?” Doge looked wretched. Auntie Muriel cackled again and an wered Harry. “Dumbledore’  mother wa  a terrifying woman,  imply terrifying. Muggle-born, though I heard  he pretended otherwi e-“ “She never pretended anything of the  ort! Kendra wa  a fine woman,” whi pered Doge mi erably, but Auntie Muriel ignored him. “- proud and very domineering, the  ort of witch who would have been mortified to produce a Squib-“ “Ariana wa  not a Squib!” wheezed Doge. “So you  ay, Elphia , but explain, then, why  he never attended Hogwart !”  aid Auntie Muriel. She turned back to Harry. “In our day, Squib  were often hu hed up, thought to take it to the extreme of actually impri oning a little girl in the hou e and pretending  he didn’t exi t –“ “I tell you, that’  not what happened!”  aid Doge, but Auntie Muriel  teamrollered on,  till addre ing Harry. Squib  were u ually  hipped off to Muggle  chool  and encouraged to integrate into the Muggle community… much kinder than trying to find them a place in the Wizarding world, where they mu t alway  be  econd cla , but naturally Kendra Dumbledore wouldn’t have dreamed of letting her daughter go to a Muggle  chool –“ “Ariana wa  delicate!”  aid Doge de perately. “Her health wa  alway  too poor to permit her –“ “- to permit her to leave the hou e?” cackled Muriel. “And yet  he wa  never taken to St. Mungo’  and no Healer wa  ever  ummoned to  ee her!” “Really, Muriel, how can you po ibly know whether –“ “For your information, Elphia , my cou in Lancelot wa  a Healer at St. Mungo’  at the time, and he told my family in  tricte t confidence that Ariana had never been  een there. All mo t  u piciou , Lancelot thought!” Doge looked to be on the verge of tear . Auntie Muriel, who  eemed to be enjoying her elf hugely,  napped her finger  for more champagne. Numbly Harry thought of how the Dur ley  had once  hut him up, locked him away, kept him out of  ight, all for the crime of being a wizard. Had Dumbledore’   i ter  uffered the  ame fate in rever e: impri oned for her lack of magic? And had Dumbledore truly left her to her fate while he went off to Hogwart  to prove him elf brilliant and talented? “Now, if Kendra hadn’t died fir t,” Muriel re umed, “I’d have  aid that it wa   he who fini hed off Ariana –“ “How can you, Muriel!” groaned Doge. “A mother kill her own daughter? Think what you’re  aying!” “If the mother in que tion wa  capable of impri oning her daughter for year  on end, why not?”  hrugged Auntie Muriel. “But a  I  ay, it doe n’t fit, becau e Kendra died before Ariana – of what, nobody ever  eemed  ure-“ “Ye , Ariana might have made a de perate bid for freedom and killed Kendra in the  truggle,”  aid Auntie Muriel thoughtfully. “Shake your head all you like, Elphia . You were at Ariana’  funeral, were you not?” “Ye  I wa ,”  aid Doge, through trembling lip ,” and a more de perately  ad occa ion I cannot remember. Albu  wa  heartbroken-“ “Hi  heart wa n’t the only thing. Didn’t Aberforth break Albu ’ no e halfway through the  ervice?” If Doge had looked horrified before thi , it wa  nothing to how he looked now. Muriel might have  tabbed him. She cackled loudly and took another  wig of champagne, which dribbled down her chin. “How do you -?” croaked Doge. “My mother wa  friendly with old Bathilda Bag hot,”  aid Auntie Muriel happily. “Bathilda de cribed the whole thing to mother while I wa  li tening at the door. A coffin- ide brawl. The way Bathilda told it, Aberforth  houted that it wa  all Albu ’ fault that Ariana wa  dead and then punched him in the face. According to Bathilda, Albu  did not even defend him elf, and that’  odd enough in it elf. Albu  could have de troyed Aberforth in a duel with both hand  tied behind hi  back. Muriel  wigged yet more champagne. The recitation of tho e old  candal   eemed to elate her a  much a  they horrified Doge. Harry did not know what to think, what to believe. He wanted the truth and yet all Doge did wa   it there and bleat feebly that Ariana had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have intervened if  uch cruelty wa  happening in ide hi  own hou e, and yet there wa  undoubtedly  omething odd about the  tory. “And I’ll tell you  omething el e,” Muriel  aid, hiccupping  lightly a   he lowered her goblet. “I think Bathilda ha   pilled the bean  to Rita Skeeter. All tho e hint  in Skeeter’  interview about an important  ource clo e to the Dumbledore  – goodne  know   he wa  there all through the Ariana bu ine , and it would fit!” “Bathilda, would never talk to Rita Skeeter!” whi pered Doge. “Bathilda Bag hot?” Harry  aid. “The author of A Hi tory of Magic?” The name wa  printed on the front of one of Harry’  textbook , though admittedly not one of the one  he had read more attentively. “Ye ,”  aid Doge, clutching at Harry’  que tion like a drowning man at a life heir. “A mo t gifted magical hi torian and an old friend of Albu ’ .” “Quite gaga the e day , I’ve heard,”  aid Auntie Muriel cheerfully. “If that i   o, it i  even more di honorable for Skeeter to have taken advantage of her,”  aid Doge, “and no reliance can be placed on anything Bathilda may have  aid!” “Oh, there are way  of bringing back memorie , and I’m  ure Rita Skeeter know  them all,”  aid Auntie Muriel “But even if Bathilda’  completely cuckoo, I’m  ure  he’d  till have old photograph , maybe even letter . She knew the Dumbledore  for year …. Well worth a trip to Godric’  Hollow, I’d have thought.” Harry, who had been taking a  ip of butterbeer, choked. Doge banged him on the back a  Harry coughed, looking at Auntie Muriel through  treaming eye . Once he had control of hi  voice again, he a ked, “Bathilda Bag hot live  in Godric’  Hollow?” “Oh ye ,  he’  been there forever! The Dumbledore  moved there after Percival wa  impri oned, and  he wa  their neighbor.” “The Dumbledore  lived in Godric’  Hollow ?” “Ye , Barry, that’  what I ju t  aid,”  aid Auntie Muriel te tily. Harry felt drained, empty. Never once, in  ix year , had Dumbledore told Harry that they had both lived and lo t loved one  in Godric’  Hollow. Why? Were Lily and Jame  buried clo e to Dumbledore’  mother and  i ter? Had Dumbledore vi ited their grave , perhap  walked pa t Lily’  and Jame ’  to do  o? And he had never once told Harry … never bothered to  ay… And why it wa   o important, Harry could not explain even to him elf, yet he felt it had been tantamount to a lie not to tell him that they had thi  place and the e experience  in common. He  tared ahead of him, barely noticing what wa  going on around him, and did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the crowd until  he drew up a chair be ide him. “I  imply can’t dance anymore,”  he panted,  lipping of one of her  hoe  and rubbing the  ole of her foot. “Ron’  gone looking to find more butterbeer . It’  a bit odd. I’ve ju t  een Viktor  torming away from Luna’  father, it looked like they’d been arguing –“ She dropped her voice,  taring at him. “Harry, are you okay?” Harry did not know where to begin, but it did not matter, at that moment,  omething large and  ilver came falling through the canopy over the dance floor. Graceful and gleaming, the lynx landed lightly in the middle of the a toni hed dancer . Head  turned, a  tho e neare t it froze ab urdly in mid-dance. Then the Patronu ’  mouth opened wide and it  poke in the loud, deep,  low voice of King ley Shacklebolt. “The Mini try ha  fallen. Scrimgeour i  dead. They are coming.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER NINE A PLACE TO HIDE Everything  eemed fuzzy,  low. Harry and Hermione jumped to their feet and drew their wand . Many people were only ju t realizing that  omething  trange had happened; head  were  till turning toward the  ilver cat a  it vani hed. Silence  pread outward in cold ripple  from the place where the Patronu  had landed. Then  omebody  creamed. Harry and Hermione threw them elve  into the panicking crowd. Gue t  were  printing in all direction ; many were Di apparating; the protective enchantment  around the Burrow had broken. “Ron!” Hermione cried. “Ron, where are you?” A  they pu hed their way acro  the dance floor, Harry  aw cloaked and ma ked figure  appearing in the crowd; then he  aw Lupin and Tonk , their wand  rai ed, and heard both of them  hout, “Protego!”, a cry that wa  echoed on all  ide  – “Ron! Ron!” Hermione called, half  obbing a   he and Harry were buffered by terrified gue t : Harry  eized her hand to make  ure they weren’t  eparated a  a  treak of light whizzed over their head , whether a protective charm or  omething more  ini ter he did not know – And then Ron wa  there. He caught hold of Hermione’  free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the  pot;  ight and  ound were extingui hed a  darkne  pre ed in upon him; all he could feel wa  Hermione’  hand a  he wa   queezed through  pace and time, away from the Burrow, away from the de cending Death Eater , away, perhap , from Voldemort him elf. . . . “Where are we?”  aid Ron’  voice. Harry opened hi  eye . For a moment he thought they had not left the wedding after all; They  till  eemed to be  urrounded by people. “Tottenham Court Road,” panted Hermione. “Walk, ju t walk, we need to find  omewhere for you to change.” Harry did a   he a ked. They half walked, half ran up the wide dark  treet thronged with late-night reveler  and lined with clo ed  hop ,  tar  twinkling above them. A double-decker bu  rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goer  ogled them a  they pa ed; Harry and Ron were  till wearing dre  robe . “Hermione, we haven’t got anything to change into,” Ron told her, a  a young woman bur t into raucou  giggle  at the  ight of him. “Why didn’t I make  ure I had the Invi ibility Cloak with me?”  aid Harry, inwardly cur ing hi  own  tupidity. “All la t year I kept it on me and –“ “It’  okay, I’ve got the Cloak, I’ve got clothe  for both of you,”  aid Hermione, “Ju t try and act naturally until – thi  will do.” She led them down a  ide  treet, then into the  helter of a  hadowy alleyway. “When you  ay you’ve got the Cloak, and clothe  . . .”  aid Harry, frowning at Hermione, who wa  carrying nothing except her  mall beaded handbag, in which  he wa  now rummaging. “Ye , they’re here,”  aid Hermione, and to Harry and Ron’  utter a toni hment,  he pulled out a pair of jean , a  weat hirt,  ome maroon  ock , and finally the  ilvery Invi ibility Cloak. “How the ruddy hell – ?” “Undetectable Exten ion Charm,”  aid Hermione. “Tricky, but I think I’ve done it okay; anyway, I managed to fit everything we need in here.” She gave the fragile-looking bag a little  hake and it echoed like a cargo hold a  a number of heavy object  rolled around in ide it. “Oh, damn, that’ll be the book ,”  he  aid, peering into it, “and I had them all  tacked by  ubject. . . . Oh well. . . . Harry, you’d better take the Invi ibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change. . . .” “When did you do all thi ?” Harry a ked a  Ron  tripped off hi  robe . “I told you at the Burrow, I’ve had the e ential  packed for day , you know, in ca e we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your ruck ack thi  morning, Harry, after you changed, and put it in here. . . . I ju t had a feeling. . . .” “You’re amazing, you are,”  aid Ron, handing her hi  bundled-up robe . “Thank you,”  aid Hermione, managing a  mall  mile a   he pu hed the robe  into the bag. “Plea e, Harry, get that Cloak on!” Harry threw hi  Invi ibility Cloak around hi   houlder  and pulled it up over hi  head, vani hing from  ight. He wa  only ju t beginning to appreciate what had happened. “The other  – everybody at the wedding –“ “We can’t worry about that now,” whi pered Hermione. “It’  you they’re after, Harry, and we’ll ju t put everyone in even more danger by going back.” “She’  right,”  aid Ron, who  eemed to know that Harry wa  about to argue, even if he could not  ee hi  face. “Mo t of the Order wa  there, they’ll look after everyone.” Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not  ee him, and  aid, “Yeah.” But he thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid in hi   tomach. “Come on, I think we ought to keep moving,”  aid Hermione. They moved back up the  ide  treet and onto the main road again, where a group of men on the oppo ite  ide wa   inging and weaving acro  the pavement. “Ju t a  a matter of intere t, why Tottenham Court Road?” Ron a ked Hermione. “I’ve no idea, it ju t popped into my head, but I’m  ure we’re  afer out in the Muggle world, it’  not where they’ll expect u  to be.” “True,”  aid Ron, looking around, “but don’t you feel a bit – expo ed?” “Where el e i  there?” a ked Hermione, cringing a  the men on the other  ide of the road  tarted wolf-whi tling at her. “We can hardly book room  at the Leaky Cauldron, can we? And Grimmauld Place i  out if Snape can get in there. . . . I  uppo e we could try my parent ’ home, though I think there’  a chance they might check there. . . . Oh, I wi h they’d  hut up!” “All right, darling?” the drunke t of the men on the other pavement wa  yelling. “Fancy a drink? Ditch ginger and come and have a pint!” “Let’   it down  omewhere,” Hermione  aid ha tily a  Ron opened hi  mouth to  hout back acro  the road. “Look, thi  will do, in here!” It wa  a  mall and  habby all-night café. A light layer of grea e lay on all the Formica-topped table , but it wa  at lea t empty. Harry  lipped into a booth fir t and Ron  at next to him oppo ite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did not like it: She glanced over her  houlder  o frequently  he appeared to have a twitch. Harry did not like being  tationary; walking had given the illu ion that they had a goal. Beneath the Cloak he could feel the la t ve tige  of Polyjuice leaving him, hi  hand  returning to their u ual length and  hape. He pulled hi  gla e  out of hi  pocket and put them on again. After a minute or two, Ron  aid, “You know, we’re not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, it’  only in Charing Cro  –“ “Ron, we can’t!”  aid Hermione at once. “Not to  tay there, but to find out what’  going on!” “We know what’  going on! Voldemort’  taken over the Mini try, what el e do we need to know?” “Okay, okay, it wa  ju t an idea!” They relap ed into a prickly  ilence. The gum-chewing waitre   huffled over and Hermione ordered two cappuccino : A  Harry wa  invi ible, it would have looked odd to order him one. A pair of burly workmen entered the café and  queezed into the next booth. Hermione dropped her voice to a whi per. “I  ay we find a quiet place to Di apparate and head for the country ide. Once we’re there, we could  end a me age to the Order.” “Can you do that talking Patronu  thing, then?” a ked Ron. “I’ve been practicing and I think  o,”  aid Hermione. “Well, a  long a  it doe n’t get them into trouble, though they might’ve been arre ted already. God, that’  revolting,” Ron added after one  ip of the foamy, grayi h coffee. The waitre  had heard;  he  hot Ron a na ty look a   he  huffled off to take the new cu tomer ’ order . The larger of the two workmen, who wa  blond and quite huge, now that Harry came to look at him, waved her away. She  tared, affronted. “Let’  get going, then, I don’t want to drink thi  muck,”  aid Ron. “Hermione, have you got Muggle money to pay for thi ?” “Ye , I took out all my Building Society  aving  before I came to the Burrow. I’ll bet all the change i  at the bottom,”  ighed Hermione, reaching for her beaded bag. The two workmen made identical movement , and Harry mirrored them without con ciou  thought: All three of them drew their wand . Ron, a few  econd  late in realizing what wa  going on, lunged acro  the table, pu hing Hermione  ideway  onto her bench. The force of the Death Eater ’  pell   hattered the tiled wall where Ron’  head had ju t been, a  Harry,  till invi ible, yelled, “Stupefy!” The great blond Death Eater wa  hit in the face by a jet of red light: He  lumped  ideway , uncon ciou . Hi  companion, unable to  ee who had ca t the  pell, fired another at Ron: Shining black rope  flew from hi  wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot – the waitre   creamed and ran for the door – Harry  ent another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the twi ted face who had tied up Ron, but the  pell mi ed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitre , who collap ed in front of the door. “Expul o!” bellowed the Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry wa   tanding blew up: The force of the explo ion  lammed him into the wall and he felt hi  wand leave hi  hand a  the Cloak  lipped off him. “Petrificu  Totalu !”  creamed Hermione from out of  ight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a  tatue to land with a crunching thud on the me  of broken china, table, and coffee. Hermione crawled out from underneath the bench,  haking bit  of gla  a htray out of her hair and trembling all over. “D-diffindo,”  he  aid, pointing her wand at Ron, who roared in pain a   he  la hed open the knee of hi  jean , leaving a deep cut. “Oh, I’m  o  orry, Ron, my hand’   haking! Diffindo!” The  evered rope  fell away. Ron got to hi  feet,  haking hi  arm  to regain feeling in them. Harry picked up hi  wand and climbed over all the debri  to where the large blond Death Eater wa   prawled acro  the bench. “I  hould’ve recognized him, he wa  there the night Dumbledore died,” he  aid. He turned over the darker Death Eater with hi  foot; the man’  eye  moved rapidly between Harry, Ron and Hermione. “That’  Dolohov,”  aid Ron. “I recognize him from the old wanted po ter . I think the big one’  Thorfinn Rowle.” “Never mind what they’re called!”  aid Hermione a little hy terically. “How did they find u ? What are we going to do?” Somehow her panic  eemed to clear Harry’  head. “Lock the door,” he told her, “and Ron, turn out the light .” He looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking fa t a  the lock clicked and Ron u ed the Deluminator to plunge the café into darkne . Harry could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girl in the di tance. “What are we going to do with them?” Ron whi pered to Harry through the dark; then, even more quietly, “Kill them? They’d kill u . They had a good go ju t now.” Hermione  huddered and took a  tep backward. Harry  hook hi  head. “We ju t need to wipe their memorie ,”  aid Harry. “It’  better like that, it’ll throw them off the  cent. If we killed them it’d be obviou  we were here.” “You’re the bo ,”  aid Ron,  ounding profoundly relieved. “But I’ve never down a Memory Charm.” “Nor have I,”  aid Hermione, “but I know the theory.” She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her wand at Dolohov’  forehead and  aid, “Obliviate.” At once, Dolohov’  eye  became unfocu ed and dreamy. “Brilliant!”  aid Harry, clapping her on the back. “Take care of the other one and the waitre  while Ron and I clear up.” “Clear up?”  aid Ron, looking around at the partly de troyed café. “Why?” “Don’t you think they might wonder what’  happened if they wake up and find them elve  in a place that look  like it’  ju t been bombed?” “Oh right, yeah . . .” Ron  truggled for a moment before managing to extract hi  wand from hi  pocket. “It’  no wonder I can’t get it out, Hermione, you packed my old jean , they’re tight.” “Oh, I’m  o  orry,” hi ed Hermione, and a   he dragged the waitre  out of  ight of the window , Harry heard her mutter a  ugge tion a  to where Ron could  tick hi  wand in tead. Once the café wa  re tored to it  previou  condition, they heaved the Death Eater  back into their booth and propped them up facing each other. “But how did they find u ?” Hermione a ked, looking from one inert man to the other. “How did they know where we were?” She turned to Harry. “You – you don’t think you’ve  till got your Trace on you, do you, Harry?” “He can’t have,”  aid Ron. “The Trace break  at  eventeen, that’  Wizarding law, you can’t put it on an adult.” “A  far a  you know,”  aid Hermione. “What if the Death Eater  have found a way to put it on a  eventeen-year-old?” “But Harry ha n’t been near a Death Eater in the la t twenty-four hour . Who’   uppo ed to have put a Trace back on him?” Hermione did not reply. Harry felt contaminated, tainted: Wa  that really how the Death Eater  had found them? “If I can’t u e magic, and you can’t u e magic near me, without u  giving away our po ition – “ he began. “We’re not  plitting up!”  aid Hermione firmly. “We need a  afe place to hide,”  aid Ron. “Give u  time to think thing  through.” “Grimmauld Place ,”  aid Harry. The other two gaped. “Don’t be  illy, Harry, Snape can get in there!” “Ron’  dad  aid they’ve put up jinxe  again t him – and even if they haven’t worked,” he pre ed on a  Hermione began to argue “ o what? I  wear, I’d like nothing better than to meet Snape!” “But –“ “Hermione, where el e i  there? It’  the be t chance we’ve got. Snape’  only one Death Eater. If I’ve  till got the Trace on me, we’ll have whole crowd  of them on u  wherever el e we go.” She could not argue, though  he looked a  if  he would have liked to. While  he unlocked the café door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to relea e the café’  light. Then, on Harry’  count of three, they rever ed the  pell  upon their three victim , and before the waitre  or either of the Death Eater  could do more than  tir  leepily, Harry, Ron and Hermione had turned on the  pot and vani hed into the compre ing darkne  once more. Second  later Harry’  lung  expanded gratefully and he opened hi  eye : They were now  tanding in the middle of a familiar  mall and  habby  quare. Tall, dilapidated hou e  looked down on them from every  ide. Number twelve wa  vi ible to them, for they had been told of it  exi tence by Dumbledore, it  Secret-Keeper, and they ru hed toward it, checking every few yard  that they were not being followed or ob erved. They raced up the  tone  tep , and Harry tapped the front door once with hi  wand. They heard a  erie  of metallic click  and the clatter of a chain, then the door  wung open with a creak and they hurried over the thre hold. A  Harry clo ed the door behind them, the old-fa hioned ga  lamp   prang into life, ca ting flickering light along the length of the hallway. It looked ju t a  Harry remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outline  of the hou e-elf head  on the wall throwing odd  hadow  up the  tairca e. Long dark curtain  concealed the portrait of Siriu ’  mother. The only thing that wa  out of place wa  the troll’  leg umbrella  tand, which wa  lying on it   ide a  if Tonk  had ju t knocked it over again. “I think  omebody’  been in here,” Hermione whi pered, pointing toward it. “That could’ve happened a  the Order left,” Ron murmured back. “So where are the e jinxe  they put up again t Snape?” Harry a ked. “Maybe they’re only activated if he  how  up?”  ugge ted Ron. Yet they remained clo e together on the doormat, back  again t the door,  cared to move farther into the hou e. “Well, we can’t  tay here forever,”  aid Harry, and he took a  tep forward. “Severu  Snape?” Mad-Eye Moody’  voice whi pered out of the darkne , making all three of them jump back in fright. “We’re not Snape!” croaked Harry, before  omething whoo hed over him like cold air and hi  tongue curled backward on it elf, making it impo ible to  peak. Before he had time to feel in ide hi  mouth, however, hi  tongue had unraveled again. The other two  eemed to have experienced the  ame unplea ant  en ation. Ron wa  making retching noi e ; Hermione  tammered, “That m-mu t have b-been the T-Tongue-Tying Cur e Mad-Eye  et up for Snape!” Gingerly Harry took another  tep forward. Something  hifted in the  hadow  at the end of the hall, and before any of them could  ay another word, a figure had ri en up out of the carpet, tall, du t-colored, and terrible; Hermione  creamed and  o did Mr . Black, her curtain  flying open; the gray figure wa  gliding toward them, fa ter and fa ter, it  wai t-length hair and beard  treaming behind it, it  face  unken, fle hle , with empty eye  ocket : Horribly familiar, dreadfully altered, it rai ed a wa ted arm, pointing at Harry. “No!” Harry  houted, and though he had rai ed hi  wand no  pell occurred to him. “No! It wa n’t u ! We didn’t kill you –“ On the word kill, the figure exploded in a great cloud of du t: Coughing, hi  eye  watering, Harry looked around to  ee Hermione crouched on the floor by the door with her arm  over her head, and Ron, who wa   haking from head to foot, patting her clum ily on the  houlder and  aying, “It’  all r-right. . . . It’  g-gone. . . .” Du t  wirled around Harry like mi t, catching the blue ga light, a  Mr . Black continued to  cream. “Mudblood , filth,  tain  of di honor, taint of  hame on the hou e of my father  –“ “SHUT UP!” Harry bellowed, directing hi  wand at her, and with a bang and a bur t of red  park , the curtain   wung  hut again,  ilencing her. “That . . . that wa  . . . “ Hermione whimpered, a  Ron helped her to her feet. “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “but it wa n’t really him, wa  it? Ju t  omething to  care Snape.” Had it worked, Harry wondered, or had Snape already bla ted the horror-figure a ide a  ca ually a  he had killed the real Dumbledore? Nerve   till tingling, he led the other two up the hall, half-expecting  ome new terror to reveal it elf, but nothing moved except for a mou e  kittering along the  kirting board. “Before we go any farther, I think we’d better check,” whi pered Hermione, and  he rai ed her wand and  aid, “Homenum revelio.” Nothing happened. “Well, you’ve ju t had a big  hock,”  aid Ron kindly. “What wa  that  uppo ed to do?” “It did what I meant it to do!”  aid Hermione rather cro ly. “That wa  a  pell to reveal human pre ence, and there’  nobody here except u !” “And old Du ty,”  aid Ron, glancing at the patch of carpet from which the corp e-figure had ri en. “Let’  go up,”  aid Hermione with a frightened look at the  ame  pot, and  he led the way up the creaking  tair  to the drawing room on the fir t floor. Hermione waved her wand to ignite the old ga  lamp , then,  hivering  lightly in the drafty room,  he perched on the  ofa, her arm  wrapped tightly around her. Ron cro ed to the window and moved the heavy velvet curtain  a ide an inch. “Can’t  ee anyone out there,” he reported. “And you’d think, if Harry  till had a Trace on him, they’d have followed u  here. I know they can’t get in the hou e, but – what’  up, Harry?” Harry had given a cry of pain: Hi   car had burned again t a   omething fla hed acro  hi  mind like a bright light on water. He  aw a large  hadow and felt a fury that wa  not hi  own pound through hi  body, violent and brief a  an electric  hock. “What did you  ee?” Ron a ked, advancing on Harry. “Did you  ee him at my place?” “No, I ju t felt anger – he’  really angry –“ “But that could be at the Burrow,”  aid Ron loudly. “What el e? Didn’t you  ee anything? Wa  he cur ing  omeone?” “No, I ju t felt anger – I couldn’t tell –“ Harry felt badgered, confu ed, and Hermione did not help a   he  aid in a frightened voice, “Your  car, again? But what’  going on? I thought that connection had clo ed!” “It did, for a while,” muttered Harry; hi   car wa   till painful, which made it hard to concentrate. “I – I think it’   tarted opening again whenever he lo e  control, that’  how it u ed to –“ “But then you’ve got to clo e your mind!”  aid Hermione  hrilly. “Harry, Dumbledore didn’t want you to u e that connection, he wanted you to  hut it down, that’  why you were  uppo ed to u e Occlumency! Otherwi e Voldemort can plant fal e image  in your mind, remember –“ “Yeah, I do remember, thank ,”  aid Harry through gritted teeth; he did not need Hermione to tell him that Voldemort had once u ed thi   elf ame connection between them to lead him into a trap, nor that it had re ulted in Siriu ’  death. He wi hed that he had not told them what he had  een and felt; it made Voldemort more threatening, a  though he were pre ing again t the window of the room, and  till the pain in hi   car wa  building and he fought it: It wa  like re i ting the urge to be  ick. He turned hi  back on Ron and Hermione, pretending to examine the old tape try of the Black family tree on the wall. Then Hermione  hrieked: Harry drew hi  wand again and  pun around to  ee a  ilver Patronu   oar through the drawing room window and land upon the floor in front of them, where it  olidified into the wea el that  poke with the voice of Ron’  father. “Family  afe, do not reply, we are being watched.” The Patronu  di olved into nothingne . Ron let out a noi e between a whimper and a groan and dropped onto the  ofa: Hermione joined him, gripping hi  arm. “They’re all right, they’re all right!”  he whi pered, and Ron half laughed and hugged her. “Harry,” he  aid over Hermione’   houlder, “I –“ “It’  not a problem,”  aid Harry,  ickened by the pain in hi  head. “It’  your family, ‘cour e you were worried. I’d feel the  ame way.” He thought of Ginny. “I do feel the  ame way.” The pain in hi   car wa  reaching a peak, burning a  it had back in the garden of the Burrow. Faintly he heard Hermione  ay “I don’t want to be on my own. Could we u e the  leeping bag  I’ve brought and camp in here tonight?” He heard Ron agree. He could not fight the pain much longer. He had to  uccumb. “Bathroom,” he muttered, and he left the room a  fa t a  he could without running. He barely made it: Bolting the door behind him with trembling hand , he gra ped hi  pounding head and fell to the floor, then in an explo ion of agony, he felt the rage that did not belong to him po e  hi   oul,  aw a long room lit only by firelight, and the giant blond Death Eater on the floor,  creaming and writhing, and a  lighter figure  tanding over him, wand out tretched, while Harry  poke in a high, cold, mercile  voice. “More, Rowle, or  hall we end it and feed you to Nagini? Lord Voldemort i  not  ure that he will forgive thi  time. . . . You called me back for thi , to tell me that Harry Potter ha  e caped again? Draco, give Rowle another ta te of our di plea ure. . . . Do it, or feel my wrath your elf!” A log fell in the fire: Flame  reared, their light darting acro  a terrified, pointed white face – with a  en e of emerging from deep water, Harry drew heaving breath  and opened hi  eye . He wa   pread-eagled on the cold black marble floor, hi  no e inche  from one of the  ilver  erpent tail  that  upported the large bathtub. He  at up. Malfoy’  gaunt, petrified face  eemed burned on the in ide of hi  eye . Harry felt  ickened by what he had  een, by the u e to which Draco wa  now being put by Voldemort. There wa  a  harp rap on the door, and Harry jumped a  Hermione’  voice rang out. “Harry, do you want your toothbru h? I’ve got it here.” “Yeah, great, thank ,” he  aid, fighting to keep hi  voice ca ual a  he  tood up to let her in. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TEN KREACHER’S TALE Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a  leeping bag on the drawing room floor. A chink of  ky wa  vi ible between the heavy curtain . It wa  the cool, clear blue of watered ink,  omewhere between night and dawn, and everything wa  quiet except for Ron and Hermione’   low, deep breathing. Harry glanced over at the dark  hape  they made on the floor be ide him. Ron had had a fit of gallantry and in i ted that Hermione  leep on the cu hion  from the  ofa,  o that her  ilhouette wa  rai ed above hi . Her arm curved to the floor, her finger  inche  from Ron’ . Harry wondered whether they had fallen a leep holding hand . The idea made him feel  trangely lonely. He looked up at the  hadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chandelier. Le  than twenty-four hou e ago, he had been  tanding in the  unlight at the entrance to the marquee, waiting to  how in wedding gue t . It  eemed a lifetime away. What wa  going to happen now? He lay on the floor and he thought of the Horcruxe , of the daunting complex mi ion Dumbledore had left him… Dumbledore… The grief that had po e ed him  ince Dumbledore’  death felt different now. The accu ation  he had heard from Muriel at the wedding  eemed to have ne ted in hi  brain like di ea ed thing , infecting hi  memorie  of the wizard he had idolized. Could Dumbledore have let  uch thing  happen? Had he been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abu e a  long a  it did not affect him? Could he have turned hi  back on a  i ter who wa  being impri oned and hidden? Harry thought of Godric’  Hollow, of grave  Dumbledore had never mentioned there; he thought of my teriou  object  left without explanation in Dumbledore’  will, and re entment  welled in the darkne . Why hadn’t Dumbledore told him? Why hadn’t he explained? Had Dumbledore actually cared about Harry at all? Or had Harry been nothing more than a tool to be poli hed and honed, but not tru ted, never confided in? Harry could not  tand lying there with nothing but bitter thought  for company. De perate for  omething to do, for di traction, he  lipped out of hi   leeping bad, picked up hi  wand, and crept out of the room. On the landing he whi pered, “Lumo ,” and  tarted to climb the  tair  by wandlight. On the  econd landing wa  the bedroom in which he and Ron had  lept la t time they had been here; he glanced into it. The wardrobe door   tood open and the bedclothe  had been ripped back. Harry remembered the overturned troll leg down tair . Somebody had  earched the hou e  ince the Order had left. Snape? Or perhap  Mundungu , who had pilfered plenty from thi  hou e both before and after Siriu  died? Harry’  gaze wandered to the portrait that  ometime  contained Phinea  Nigellu  Black, Siriu ’  great-great grandfather, but it wa  empty,  howing nothing but a  tretch of muddy backdrop. Phinea  Nigellu  wa  evidently  pending the night in the headma ter’   tudy at Hogwart . Harry continued up the  tair  until he reached the topmo t landing where there were only two door . The one facing him bore a nameplate reading Siriu . Harry had never entered hi  godfather’  bedroom before. He pu hed open the door, holding hi  wand high to ca t light a  widely a  po ible. The room wa   paciou  and mu t once have been hand ome. There wa  a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tall window ob cured by long velvet curtain  and a chandelier thickly coated in du t with candle  crub   till re ting in it   ocket ,  olid wax banging in fro tlike drip . A fine film of du t covered the picture  on the wall  and the bed’  headboard; a  pider  web  tretched between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and a  Harry moved deeper into the room, he head a  currying of di turbed mice. The teenage Siriu  had pla tered the wall  with  o many po ter  and picture  that little of the wall’   ilvery-gray  ilk wa  vi ible. Harry could only a ume that Siriu ’  parent  had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept them on the wall becau e he wa   ure they would not have appreciated their elde t  on’  ta te in decoration. Siriu   eemed to have long gone out of hi  way to annoy hi  parent . There were  everal large Gryffindor banner , faded  carlet and gold ju t to underline hi  difference from all the re t of the Slytherin family. There were many picture  of Muggle motorcycle , and al o (Harry had to admire Siriu ’  nerve)  everal po ter  of bikini-clad Muggle girl . Harry could tell that they were Muggle  becau e they remained quite  tationary within their picture , faded  mile  and glazed eye  frozen on the paper. Thi  wa  in contra t the only Wizarding photograph on the wall  which wa  a picture of four Hogwart   tudent   tanding arm in arm, laughing at the camera. With a leap of plea ure, Harry recognized hi  father, hi  untidy black hair  tuck up at the back like Harry’ , and he too wore gla e . Be ide him wa  Siriu , carele ly hand ome, hi   lightly arrogant face  o much younger and happier than Harry had ever  een it alive. To Siriu ’  right  tood Pettigrew, more than a head  horter, plump and watery-eyed, flu hed with plea ure at hi  inclu ion in thi  coole t of gang , with the much-admired rebel  that Jame  and Siriu  had been. On Jame ’  left wa  Lupin, even then a little  habby-looking, but he had the  ame air of delighted  urpri e at finding him elf liked and included or wa  it  imply becau e Harry knew how it had been, that he  aw the e thing  in the picture? He tried to take it from the wall; it wa  hi  now, after all, Siriu  had left him everything, but it would not budge. Siriu  had taken no chance  in preventing hi  parent  from redecorating hi  room. Harry looked around at the floor. The  ky out ide wa  growing brighte t. A  haft of light revealed bit  of paper, book , and  mall object   cattered over the carpet. Evidently Siriu ’  bedroom had been reached too, although it  content   eemed to have been judged mo tly, if not entirely, worthle . A few of the book  had been  haken roughly enough to part company with the cover  and  undry page  littered the floor. Harry bent down, picked up a few of the piece  of paper, and examined them. He recognized one a  a part of an old edition of A Hi tory of Magic, by Bathilda Bag hot, and another a  belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. The third wa  handwritten and crumpled. He  moothed it out. Dear Padfoot, Thank you, thank you, for Harry’  birthday pre ent! It wa  hi  favorite by far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy broom tick, he looked  o plea ed with him elf. I’m enclo ing a picture  o you can  ee. You know it only ri e  about two feet off the ground but he nearly killed the cat and he  ma hed a horrible va e Petunia  ent me for Chri tma  (no complaint  there). Of cour e Jame  thought it wa   o funny,  ay  he’  going to be a great Quidditch player but we’ve had to pack away all the ornament  and make  ure we don’t take our eye  off him when he get  going. We had a very quiet birthday tea, ju t u  and old Bathilda who ha  alway  been  weet to u  and who dote  on Garry. We were  o  orry you couldn’t come, but the Order’  got to come fir t, and Harry’  not old enough to know it’  hi  birthday anyway! Jame  i  getting a bit fru trated  hut up here, he trie  not to  how it but I can tell – al o Dumbledore’   till got hi  Invi ibility Cloak,  o no chance of little excur ion . If you could vi it, it would cheer him up  o much. Wormy wa  here la t weekend. I thought he  eemed down, but that wa  probably the next about the McKinnon ; I cried all evening when I heard. Bathilda drop  in mo t day ,  he’  a fa cinating old thing with the mo t amazing  torie  about Dumbledore. I’m not  ure he’d be plea ed if he knew! I don’t know how much to believe, actually becau e it  eem  incredible that Dumbledore Harry’  extremitie   eemed to have gone numb. He  tood quite  till, holding the miraculou  paper in hi  nervele  finger  while in ide him a kind of quiet eruption   ent joy and grief thundering it  equal mea ure through hi  vein . Lurching to the bed, he  at down. He read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the fir t time, and wa  reduced to  taring at the handwriting it elf. She had made her “g”  the  ame way he did. He  earched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimp ed from behind a veil. The letter wa  an incredible trea ure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had once moved acro  thi  parchment, tracing ink into the e letter , the e word , word  about him, Harry, her  on. Impatiently bru hing away the wetne  in hi  eye , he reread the letter, thi  time concentrating on the meaning. It wa  like li tening to a half-remembered voice. They had a cat… perhap  it had peri hed, like hi  parent  at Godric’  Hollow… or el e fled when there wa  nobody left to feed it… Siriu  had bought him hi  fir t broom tick… Hi  parent  had known Bathilda Bag hot; had Dumbledore introduced them? Dumbledore’   till got hi  Invi ibility Cloak… there wa   omething funny there… Harry pau ed, pondering hi  mother’  word . Why had Dumbledore taken Jame ’  Invi ibility Cloak? Harry di tinctly remembered hi  headma ter telling him year  before, “I don’t need a cloak to become invi ible” Perhap   ome le  gifted Order member had needed it  a i tance, and Dumbledore had acted a  a carrier? Harry pa ed on… Wormy wa  here… Pettigrew, the traitor, had  eemed “down” had he? Wa  he aware that he wa   eeing Jame  and Lily alive for the la t time? And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible  torie  about Dumbledore. It  eem  incredible that Dumbledore --- That Dumbledore what? But there were any number of thing  that would  eem incredible about Dumbledore; that he had once received bottom mark  in a Tran figuration te t, for in tance or had taken up goat charming like Aberforth… Harry got to hi  feet and  canned the floor: Perhap  the re t of the letter wa  here  omewhere. He  eized paper , treating them in hi  eagerne , with a  little con ideration a  the original  earcher, he pulled open drawer ,  hook out book ,  tood on a chair to run hi  hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair. At la t, lying facedown on the floor, he  potted what looked like a torn piece of paper under the che t of drawer . When he pulled it out, it proved to be mo t of the photograph that Lily had de cribed in her letter. A black-haired baby wa  zooming in and out of the picture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a pair of leg  that mu t have belonged to Jame  wa  cha ing after him. Harry tucked the photograph into hi  pocket with Lily’  letter and continued to look for the  econd  heet. After another quarter of an hour, however he wa  forced to conclude that the re t of hi  mother’  letter wa  gone. Had it  imply been lo t in the  ixteen year  that had elap ed  ince it had been written, or had it been taken by whoever had  earched the room? Harry read the fir t  heet again, thi  time looking for clue  a  to what might have made the  econd  heet valuable. Hi  toy broom tick could hardly be con idered intere ting to the Death Eater … The only potentially u eful thing he could  ee her wa  po ible information on Dumbledore. It  eem  incredible that Dumbledore – what? “Harry? Harry? Harry!” “I’m here!” he called, “What’  happened?” There wa  a clatter of foot tep  out ide the door, and Hermione bur t in ide. “We woke up and didn’t know where you were!”  he  aid breathle ly. She turned and  houted over her  houlder, “Ron! I’ve found him” Ron’  annoyed voice echoed di tantly from  everal floor  below. “Good! Tell him from me he’  a git!” “Harry don’t ju t di appear, plea e, we were terrified! Why did you come up here anyway?” She gazed around the ran acked room. “What have you been doing?” “Look what I’ve ju t found” He held out hi  mother’  letter. Hermione took it out and read it while Harry watched her. When  he reached the end of the page  he looked up at him. “Oh Harry…” “And there’  thi  too” He handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione  miled at the baby zooming in and out of  ight on the toy broom. “I’ve been looking for the re t of the letter,” Harry  aid, “but it’  not here.” Hermione glanced around. “Did you make all thi  me , or wa   ome of it done when you got here?” “Someone had  earched before me,”  aid Harry. “I thought  o. Every room I looked into on the way up had been di turbed. What were they after, do you think?” “Information on the Order, if it wa  Snape.” “But you’d think he’d already have all he needed. I mean wa  in the Order, wa n’t he?” “Well then,”  aid Harry, keen to di cu  hi  theory, “what about information on Dumbledore? The  econd page of the letter, for in tance. You know thi  Bathilda my mum mention , you know who  he i ?” “Who?” “Bathilda Bag hot, the author of –“ “A Hi tory of Magic,”  aid Hermione, looking intere ted. “So your parent  knew her? She wa  an incredible magic hi torian.” “And  he’   till alive,”  aid Harry, “and  he live  in Godric’  Hollow. Ron’  Auntie Muriel wa  talking about her at the wedding. She knew Dumbledore’  family too. Be pretty intere ting to talk to, wouldn’t  he?” There wa  a little too much under tanding in the  mile Hermione gave him for Harry’  liking. He took back the letter and the photograph and tucked them in ide the pouch around hi  neck,  o a  not to have to look at her and give him elf away. “I under tand why you’d love to talk to her about your mum and dad, and Dumbledore too,”  aid Hermione. “But that wouldn’t really help u  in our  earch for the Horcruxe , would it?” Harry did not an wer, and  he ru hed on, “Harry, I know you really want to go to Godric’  Hollow, but I’m  cared. I’m  cared at how ea ily tho e Death Eater  found u  ye terday. It ju t make  me feel more than ever that we ought to avoid the place where your parent  are buried, I’m  ure they’d be expecting you to vi it it.” “It’  not ju t that,” Harry  aid,  till avoiding looking at her, “Muriel  aid  tuff about Dumbledore at the wedding. I want to know the truth…” He told Hermione everything that Muriel had told him. When he had fini hed, Hermione  aid, “Of cour e, I can  ee why that’  up et you, Harry –“ “I’m not up et,” he lied, “I’d ju t like to know whether or not it’  true or –“ “Harry do you really think you’ll get the truth from a maliciou  old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? How can you believe them? You knew Dumbledore!” “I thought I did,” he muttered. “But you know how much truth there wa  in everything Rita wrote about you! Doge i  right, how can you let the e people tarni h your memorie  of Dumbledore?” He looked away, trying not to betray the re entment he felt. There it wa  again: Choo e what to believe. He wanted the truth. Why wa  everybody  o determined that he  hould not get it? “Shall we go down to the kitchen?” Hermione  ugge ted after a little pau e. “Find  omething for breakfa t?” He agreed, but grudgingly, and followed her out onto the landing and pa t the  econd door that led off it. There were deep  cratch mark  in the paintwork below a  mall  ign that he had not noticed in the dark. He pa ed at the top of the  tair  to read it. It wa  a pompou  little  ign, neatly lettered by hand the  ort of thing that Percy Wea ley might have  tuck on hi  bedroom door. Do Not Enter Without the Expre  Permi ion of Regulu  Arcturu  Black Excitement trickled through Harry, but he wa  not immediately  ure why. He read the  ign again. Hermione wa  already a flight of  tair  below him. “Hermione,” he  aid, and he wa   urpri ed that hi  voice wa   o calm. “Come back up here.” “What’  the matter?” “R.A.B. I think I’ve found him.” There wa  a ga p, and then Hermione ran back up the  tair . “In your mum’  letter? But I didn’t  ee –“ Harry  hook hi  head, pointing at Regulu ’   ign. She read it, then clutched Harry’  arm  o tightly that he winced. “Siriu ’  brother?”  he whi pered. “He wa  a Death Eater,”  aid Harry. “Siriu  told me about him, he joined up when he wa  really young and then got cold feet and tried to leave –  o they killed him.” “That fit !” ga ped Hermione. “If he wa  a Death Eater he had acce  to Voldemort, and if he became di enchanted, then he would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!” She relea ed Harry, leaned over the bani ter, and  creamed, “Ron! RON! Get up here, quick!” Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, hi  wand ready in hi  hand. “What’  up? If it’  ma ive  pider  again I want breakfa t before I –“ He frowned at the  ign on Regulu ’  door, in which Hermione wa   ilently pointing. “What? That wa  Siriu ’  brother, wa n’t it? Regulu  Arcturu  … Regulu  … R.A.B.! The locket – you don’t reckon -- ?” “Let’  find out,”  aid Harry. He pu hed the door: It wa  locked. Hermione pointed her wand at the handle and  aid, “Alohamora.” There wa  a click, and the door  wung open. They moved over the thre hold together, gazing around. Regulu ’  bedroom wa   lightly  maller than Siriu ’ , though it had the  ame  en e of former grandeur. Wherea  Siriu  had  ought to adverti e hi  diffidence from the re t of the family, Regulu  had  triven to empha ize the oppo ite. The Slytherin color  of emerald and  ilver were everywhere, draping the bed, the wall , and the window . The Black family cre t wa  pain takingly painted over the bed, along with it  motto, TOUJOURS PUR. Beneath thi  wa  a collection of yellow new paper cutting , all  tuck together to make a ragged collage. Hermione cro ed the room to examine them. “They’re all about Voldemort,”  he  aid. “Regulu   eem  to have been a fan for a few year  before he joined the Death Eater  …” A little puff of du t ro e from the bedcover  a   he  at down to read the clipping . Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photograph: a Hogwart  Quidditch team wa   miling and waving out of the frame. He moved clo er and  aw the  nake  emblazoned on their che t : Slytherin . Regulu  wa  in tantly recognizable a  the boy  itting in the middle of the front row: He had the  ame dark hair and  lightly haughty look of hi  brother, though he wa   maller,  lighter, and rather le  hand ome than Siriu  had been. “He played Seeker,”  aid Harry. “What?”  aid Hermione vaguely;  he wa   till immer ed in Voldemort’  pre  clipping . “He’   itting in the middle of the front row, that’  where the Seeker … Never mind,”  aid Harry, realizing that nobody wa  li tening. Ron wa  on hi  hand  and knee ,  earching under the wardrobe. Harry looked around the room for likely hiding place  and approached the de k. Yet again,  omebody had  earched before them. The drawer ’ content  had been turned over recently, the du t di turbed, but there wa  nothing of value there: old quill , out-of-date textbook  that bore evidence of being roughly handled, a recently  ma hed ink bottle, it   ticky re idue covering the content  of the drawer. “There’  an ea ier way,”  aid Hermione, a  Harry wiped hi  inky finger  on hi  jean . She rai ed her wand and  aid, “Accio Locket!” Nothing happened. Ron, who had been  earching the fold  of the faded curtain , looked di appointed. “I  that it, then? It’  not here?” “Oh, it could  till be here, but under counter-enchantment ,”  aid Hermione. “Charm  to prevent it from being  ummoned magically, you know.” “Like Voldemort put on the  tone ba in in the cave,”  aid Harry, remembering how he had been unable to Summon the fake locket. “How are we  uppo ed to find it then?” a ked Ron. “We  earch manually,”  aid Hermione. “That’  a good idea,”  aid Ron, rolling hi  eye , and he re umed hi  examination of the curtain . They combed every inch of the room for more than an hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that the locket wa  not there. The  un had ri en now; it  light dazzled them even through the grimy landing window . “It could be  omewhere el e in the hou e, though,”  aid Hermione in a rallying tone a  they walked back down tair . A  Harry and Ron had become more di couraged,  he  eemed to have become more determined. “Whether he’d manage to de troy it or not, he’d want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, wouldn’t he? Remember all tho e awful thing  we had to get rid of when we were here la t time? That clock that  hot bolt  at everyone and tho e old robe  that tried to  trangle Ron; Regulu  might have put them there to protect the locket’  hiding place, even though we didn’t realize it at … at … “ Harry and Ron looked at her. She wa   tanding with one foot in midair, with the dumb truck look of one who had ju t been Obliviated: her eye  had even drifted out of focu . “… at the time,”  he fini hed in a whi per. “Something wrong?” a ked Ron. “There wa  a locket.” “What?”  aid Harry and Ron together. “In the cabinet in the drawing room. Nobody could open it. And we … we … “ Harry felt a  though a brick had  lid down through hi  che t into hi   tomach. He remembered. He had even handled the thing a  they pa ed it around, each trying in turn to pry it open. It had been to ed into a  ack of rubbi h, along with the  nuffbox of Wartcap powder and the mu ic box that had made everyone  leepy …” “Kreacher nicked load  of thing  back from u ,”  aid Harry. It wa  the only chance, the only  lender hope left to them, and he wa  going to cling to it until forced to let go. “He had a whole  ta h of  tuff in hi  cupboard in the kitchen. C’mon.” He ran down the  tair  taking two  tep  at a time, the other two thundering along in hi  wake. They made  o much noi e that they woke the portrait of Siriu ’  mother a  they pa ed through the hall. “Filth! Mudblood ! Scum!”  he  creamed after them a  they da hed down into the ba ement kitchen and  lammed the door behind them. Harry ran the length of the room,  kidded to a halt at the door of Kreacher’  cupboard, and wrenched it open. There wa  the ne t of dirty old blanket  in which the hou e-elf had once  lept, but they were not longer glittering with the trinket  Kreacher had  alvaged. The only thing there wa  an old copy of Nature’  Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. Refu ing to believe hi  eye , Harry  natched up the blanket  and  hook them. A dead mou e fell out and rolled di mally acro  the floor. Ron groaned a  he threw him elf into a kitchen chair; Hermione clo ed her eye . “It’  not over yet,”  aid Harry, and he rai ed hi  voice and called, “Kreacher!” There wa  a loud crack and the hou e elf that Harry had  o reluctantly inherited from Siriu  appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human- ized, hi  pale  kin hanging off him in fold , white hair  prouting copiou ly from hi  batlike ear . He wa   till wearing the filthy rag in which they had fir t met him, and the contemptuou  look he bent upon Harry  howed that hi  attitude to hi  change of owner hip had altered no more than hi  outfit. “Ma ter,” croaked Kreacher in hi  bullfrog’  voice, and he bowed low; muttering to hi  knee , “back in my Mi tre ’  old hou e with the blood-traitor Wea ley and the Mudblood –“ “I forbid you to call anyone ‘blood traitor’ or ‘Mudblood,’” growled Harry. He would have found Kreacher, with hi   noutlike no e and blood hot eye , a di tinctively unlovable object even if the elf had not betrayed Siriu  to Voldemort. “I’ve got a que tion for you,”  aid Harry, hi  heart beating rather fa t a  he looked down at the elf, “and I order you to an wer it truthfully. Under tand?” “Ye , Ma ter,”  aid Kreacher, bowing low again. Harry  aw hi  lip  moving  oundle ly, undoubtedly framing the in ult  he wa  now forbidden to utter. “Two year  ago,”  aid Harry, hi  heart now hammering again t hi  rib , “there wa  a big gold locket in the drawing room up tair . We threw it out. Did you  teal it back?” There wa  a moment’   ilence, during which Kreacher  traightened up to look Harry full in the face. Then he  aid, “Ye .” “Where i  it now?” a ked Harry jubilantly a  Ron and Hermione looked gleeful. Kreacher clo ed hi  eye  a  though he could not bear to  ee their reaction  to hi  next word. “Gone.” “Gone?” echoed Harry, elation floating out of him, “What do you mean, it’  gone?” The elf  hivered. He  wayed. “Kreacher,”  aid Harry fiercely, “I order you –“ “Mundungu  Fletcher,” croaked the elf, hi  eye   till tight  hut. “Mundungu  Fletcher  tole it all; Mi  Bella’  and Mi  Ci y’  picture , my Mi tre ’  glove , the Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , the goblet  with the family cre t, and – and – “ Kreacher wa  gulping for air: Hi  hollow che t wa  ri ing and falling rapidly, then hi  eye  flew open and he uttered a bloodcurdling  cream. “—and the locket, Ma ter Regulu ’  locket. Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in hi  order !” Harry reacted in tinctively: A  Kreacher lunged for the poker  tanding in the grate, he launched him elf upon the elf, flattening him. Hermione’   cream mingled with Kreacher’  but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: “Kreacher, I order you to  tay  till!” He felt the elf freeze and relea ed him. Kreacher lay flat on the cold  tone floor, tear  gu hing from hi   agging eye . “Harry, let him up!” Hermione whi pered. “So he can beat him elf up with the poker?”  norted Harry, kneeling be ide the elf. “I don’t think  o. Right. Kreacher, I want the truth: How do you know Mundungu  Fletcher  tole the locket?” “Kreacher  aw him!” ga ped the elf a  tear  poured over hi   nout and into hi  mouth full of graying teeth. “Kreacher  aw him coming out of Kreacher’  cupboard with hi  hand  full of Kreacher’  trea ure . Kreacher told the  neak thief to  top, but Mundungu  Fletcher laughed and r-ran … “ “You called the locket ‘Ma ter Regulu ’ ,’”  aid Harry. “Why? Where did it come from? What did Regulu  have to do with it? Kreacher,  it up and tell me everything you know about that locket, and everything Regulu  had to do with it!” The elf  at up, curled into a ball, placed hi  wet face between hi  knee , and began to rock backward and forward. When he  poke, hi  voice wa  muffled but quite di tinct in the  ilent, echoing kitchen. “Ma ter Siriu  ran away, good riddance, for he wa  a bad boy and broke my Mi tre ’  heart with hi  lawle  way . But Ma ter Regulu  had proper order; he knew what wa  due to the name of Black and the dignity of hi  pure blood. For year  he talked of the Dark Lord, who wa  going to bring the wizard  out of hiding to rule the Muggle  and the Muggle-born  … and when he wa   ixteen year  old, Ma ter Regulu  joined the Dark Lord. So proud,  o proud,  o happy to  erve … And one day, a year after he joined, Ma ter Regulu  came down to the kitchen to  ee Kreacher. Ma ter Regulu  alway  liked Kreacher. And Ma ter Regulu   aid … he  aid …” The old elf rocked fa ter than ever. “… he  aid that the Dark Lord required an elf.” “Voldemort needed an elf?” Harry repeated, looking around at Ron and Hermione, who looked ju t a  puzzled a  he did. “Oh ye ,” moaned Kreacher. “And Ma ter Regulu  had volunteered Kreacher. It wa  an honor,  aid Ma ter Regulu , an honor for him and for Kreacher, who mu t be  ure to do whatever the Dark Lord ordered him to do … and then to c-come home.” Kreacher rocked  till fa ter, hi  breath coming in  ob . “So Kreacher went to the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord did not tell Kreacher what they were to do, but took Kreacher with him to a cave be ide the  ea. And beyond the cave wa  a cavern, and in the cavern wa  a great black lake … “ The hair  on the back of Harry’  neck  tood up. Kreacher’  croaking voice  eemed to come to him from acro  the dark water. He  aw what had happened a  clearly a  though he had been pre ent. “… There wa  a boat …” Of cour e there had been a boat; Harry knew the boat, gho tly green and tiny, bewitched  o a  to carry one wizard and one victim toward the i land in the center. Thi , then, wa  how Voldemort had te ted the defen e   urrounding the Horcrux, by borrowing a di po able creature, a hou e-elf… “There wa  a b-ba in full of potion on the i land. The D-Dark Lord made Kreacher drink it …” The elf quaked from head to foot. “Kreacher drank, and a  he drank he  aw terrible thing … Kreacher’  in ide  burned … Kreacher cried for Ma ter Regulu  to  ave him, he cried for hi  Mi tre  Black, but the Dark Lord only laughed … He made Kreacher drink all the potion … He dropped a locket into the empty ba in … He filled it with more potion.” “And then the Dark Lord  ailed away, leaving Kreacher on the i land … “ Harry could  ee it happening. He watched Voldemort’  white,  nakelike face vani hing into darkne , tho e red eye  fixed pitile ly on the thra hing elf who e death would occur within minute , whenever he  uccumbed to the de perate thir t that the burning poi on cau ed it  victim … But here, Harry’  imagination could go no further, for he could not  ee how Kreacher had e caped. “Kreacher needed water, he crawled to the i land’  edge and he drank from the black lake … and hand , dead hand , came out of the water and dragged Kreacher under the  urface … “ “How did you get away?” Harry a ked, and he wa  not  urpri ed to hear him elf whi pering. Kreacher rai ed hi  ugly head and looked Harry with hi  great, blood hot eye . “Ma ter Regulu  told Kreacher to come back,” he  aid. “I know – but how did you e cape the Inferi?” Kreacher did not  eem to under tand. “Ma ter Regulu  told Kreacher to come back,” he repeated. “I know, but – “ “Well, it’  obviou , i n’t it, Harry?”  aid Ron. “He Di apparated!” “But … you couldn’t Apparate in and out of that cave,”  aid Harry, “otherwi e Dumbledore – “ “Elf magic i n’t like wizard’  magic, i  it?”  aid Ron, “I mean, they can Apparate and Di apparate in and out of Hogwart  when we can’t.” There wa  a  ilence a  Harry dige ted thi . How could Voldemort have made  uch a mi take? But even a  he thought thi , Hermione  poke, and her voice wa  icy. “Of cour e, Voldemort would have con idered the way  of hou e-elve  far beneath hi  notice … It would never have occurred to him that they might have magic that he didn’t.” “The hou e-elf’  highe t law i  hi  Ma ter’  bidding,” intoned Kreacher. “Kreacher wa  told to come home,  o Kreacher came home … “ “Well, then, you did what you were told, didn’t you?”  aid Hermione kindly. “You didn’t di obey order  at all!” Kreacher  hook hi  head, rocking a  fa t a  ever. “So what happened when you got back?” Harry a ked. “What did Regulu   ay when you told him what happened?” “Ma ter Regulu  wa  very worried, very worried,” croaked Kreacher. “Ma ter Regulu  told Kreacher to  tay hidden and not to leave the hou e. And then … it wa  a little while later … Ma ter Regulu  came to find Kreacher in hi  cupboard one night, and Ma ter Regulu  wa   trange, not a  he u ually wa , di turbed in hi  mind, Kreacher could tell … and he a ked Kreacher to take him to the cave, the cave where Kreacher had gone with the Dark Lord … “ And  o they had  et off. Harry could vi ualize them quite clearly, the frightened old elf and the thin, dark Seeker who had  o re embled Siriu  … Kreacher knew how to open the concealed entrance to the underground cavern, knew how to rai e the tiny boat: thi  time it wa  hi  beloved Regulu  who  ailed with him to the i land with it  ba in of poi on … “And he made you drink the poi on?”  aid Harry, di gu ted. But Kreacher  hook hi  head and wept. Hermione’  hand  leapt to her mouth: She  eemed to have under tood  omething. “M-Ma ter Regulu  took from hi  pocket a locket like the one the Dark Lord had,”  aid Kreacher, tear  pouring down either  ide of hi   noutlike no e. “And he told Kreacher to take it and, when the ba in wa  empty, to  witch the locket  …” Kreacher’   ob  came in great ra p  now; Harry had to concentrate hard to under tand him. “And he order – Kreacher to leave – without him. And he told Kreacher – to go home – and never to tell my Mi tre  – what he had done – but to de troy – the fir t locket. And he drank – all the potion – and Kreacher  wapped the locket  – and watched … a  Ma ter Regulu  … wa  dragged beneath the water … and … “ “Oh, Kreacher!” wailed Hermione, who wa  crying. She dropped to her knee  be ide the elf and tried to hug him. At once he wa  on hi  feet, cringing away from her, quite obviou ly repul ed. “The Mudblood touched Kreacher, he will not allow it, what would hi  Mi tre   ay?” “I told you not to call her ‘Mudblood’!”  narled Harry, but the elf wa  already puni hing him elf. He fell to the ground and banged hi  forehead on the floor. “Stop him –  top him!” Hermione cried. “Oh, don’t you  ee now how  ick it i , the way they’ve got to obey?” “Kreacher –  top,  top!”  houted Harry. The elf lay on the floor, panting and  hivering, green mucu  gli tening around hi   not, a brui e already blooming on hi  pallid forehead where he had  truck him elf, hi  eye   wollen and blood hot and  wimming in tear . Harry had never  een anything  o pitiful. “So you brought the locket home,” he  aid relentle ly, for he wa  determined to know the full  tory. “And you tried to de troy it?” “Nothing Kreacher did made any mark upon it,” moaned the elf. “Kreacher tried everything, everything he knew, but nothing, nothing would work … So many powerful  pell  upon the ca ing, Kreacher wa   ure the way to de troy it wa  to get in ide it, but it would not open … Kreacher puni hed him elf, he tried again, he puni hed him elf, he tried again. Kreacher failed to obey order , Kreacher could not de troy the locket! And hi  mi tre  wa  mad with grief, becau e Ma ter Regulu  had di appeared and Kreacher could not tell her what had happened, no, becau e Ma ter Regulu  had f-f-forbidden him to tell any of the f-f-family what happened in the c-cave …” Kreacher began to  ob  o hard that there were no more coherent word . Tear  flowed down Hermione’  cheek  a   he watched Kreacher, but  he did not dare touch him again. Even Ron, who wa  no fan of Kreacher’ , looked troubled. Harry  at back on hi  heel  and  hook hi  head, trying to clear it. “I don’t under tand you, Kreacher,” he  aid finally. “Voldemort tried to kill you, Regulu  died to bring Voldemort down, but you were  till happy to betray Siriu  to Voldemort? You were happy to go to Narci a and Bellatrix, and pa  information to Voldemort through them … “ “Harry, Kreacher doe n’t think like that,”  aid Hermione, wiping her eye  on the back of her hand. “He’  a  lave; hou e-elve  are u ed to bad, even brutal treatment; what Voldemort did to Kreacher wa n’t that far out of the common way. What do wizard war  mean to an elf like Kreacher? He’  loyal to people who are kind to him, and Mr . Black mu t have been, and Regulu  certainly wa ,  o he  erved them willingly and parroted their belief . I know what you’re going to  ay,”  he went on a  Harry began to prote t, “that Regulu  changed hi  mind … but he doe n’t  eem to have explained that to Kreacher, doe  he?” And I think I know why. Kreacher and Regulu ’  family were all  afe t if they kept to the old pure-blood line. Regulu  wa  trying to protect them all.” “Siriu  – “ “Siriu  wa  horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and it’  no good looking like that, you know it’  true. Kreacher had been alone for  uch a long time when Siriu  came to live here, and he wa  probably  tarving for a bit of affection. I’m  ure ‘Mi  Ci y’ and ‘Mi  Bella’ were perfectly lovely to Kreacher when he turned up,  o he did them a favor and told them everything they wanted to know. I’ve  aid all along that wizard  would pay for how they treat hou e-elve . Well, Voldemort did … and  o did Siriu .” Harry had no retort. A  he watched Kreacher  obbing on the floor, he remembered what Dumbledore had  aid to him, mere hour  after Siriu ’  death: I do not think Siriu  ever  aw Kreacher a  a being with feeling  a  acute a  a human’  … “Kreacher,”  aid Harry after a while, “when you feel up to it, er … plea e  it up.” It wa   everal minute  before Kreacher hiccupped him elf into  ilence. Then he pu hed him elf into a  itting po ition again, rubbing hi  knuckle  into hi  eye  like a  mall child. “Kreacher, I am going to a k you to do  omething,”  aid Harry. He glanced at Hermione for a i tance. He wanted to give the order kindly, but at the  ame time, he could not pretend that it wa  not an order. However, the change in hi  tone  eemed to have gained her approval: She  miled encouragingly. “Kreacher, I want you, plea e, to go and find Mundungu  Fletcher. We need to find out where the locket – where Ma ter Regulu ’  locket it. It’  really important. We want to fini h the work Ma ter Regulu   tarted, we want to – er – en ure that he didn’t die in vain.” Kreacher dropped hi  fi t  and looked up at Harry. “Find Mundungu  Fletcher?” he croaked. And bring him here, to Grimmauld Place ,”  aid Harry. “Do you think you could do that for u ?” A  Kreacher nodded and got to hi  feet, Harry had a  udden in piration. He pulled out Hagrid’  pur e and took out the fake Horcrux, the  ub titute locket in which Regulu  had placed the note to Voldemort. “Kreacher, I’d, er, like you to have thi ,” he  aid, pre ing the locket into the elf’  hand. “Thi  belonged to Regulu  and I’m  ure he’d want you to have it a  a token of gratitude for what you—“ “Overkill, mate,”  aid Ron a  the elf took one look at the locket, let out a howl of  hock and mi ery, and threw him elf back onto the ground. It took them nearly half an hour to calm down Kreacher, who wa   o overcome to be pre ented with a Black family heirloom for hi  very own that he wa  too weak at the knee  to  tand properly. When finally he wa  able to totter a few  tep  they all accompanied him to hi  cupboard, watched him tuck up the locket  afely in hi  dirty blanket , and a ured him that they would make it  protection their fir t priority while he wa  away. He then made two low bow  to Harry and Ron, and even gave a funny little  pa m in Hermione’  direction that might have been an attempt at a re pectful  alute, before Di apparating with the u ual loud crack. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER ELEVEN THE BRIBE If Kreacher could e cape a lake full of Inferi, Harry wa  confident that the capture of Mundungu  would take a few hour  at mo t, and he prowled the hou e all morning in a  tate of high anticipation. However, Kreacher did not return that morning or even that afternoon. By nightfall, Harry felt di couraged and anxiou , and a  upper compo ed largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of un ucce ful Tran figuration , did nothing to help. Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day after that. However, two cloaked men had appeared in the  quare out ide number twelve, and they remained there into the night, gazing in the direction of the hou e that they could not  ee. “Death Eater , for  ure,”  aid Ron, a  he, Harry, and Hermione watched from the drawing room window . “Reckon they know we’re in here?” “I don’t think  o,”  aid Hermione, though  he looked frightened, “or they’d have  ent Snape in after u , wouldn’t they?” “D’you reckon he’  been in here and ha  hi  tongue tied by Moody’  cur e?” a ked Ron. “Ye ,”  aid Hermione, “otherwi e he’d have been able to tell that lot how to get in, wouldn’t he? But they’re probably watching to  ee whether we turn up. They know that Harry own  the hou e, after all.” “How do they --?” began Harry. “Wizarding will  are examined by the Mini try, remember? They’ll know Siriu  left you the place.” The pre ence of the Death Eater  out ide increa ed the ominou  mood in ide number twelve. They had not heard a word form anyone beyond Grimmauld Place  ince Mr. Wea ley’  Patronu , and the  train wa   tarting to tell. Re tle  and irritable, Ron had developed an annoying habit of playing with the Deluminator in hi  pocket; Thi  particularly infuriated Hermione, who wa  whiling away the wait for Kreacher by  tudying The Tale  of Beedle the Bard and did not appreciate the way the light  kept fla hing on and off. “Will you  top it!”  he cried on the third evening of Kreacher’  ab ence, a  all the light wa   ucked from the drawing room yet again. “Sorry,  orry!”  aid Ron, clicking the Deluminator and re toring the light . “I don’t know I’m doing it!” “Well, can’t you find  omething u eful to occupy your elf?” “What, like reading kid ’  torie ?” “Dumbledore left me thi  book, Ron –” “—and he left me the Deluminator, maybe I’m  uppo ed to u e it!” Unable to  tand the bickering, Harry  lipped out of the room unnoticed by either of them. He headed down tair  toward the kitchen, which he kept vi iting becau e he wa   ure that wa  where Kreacher wa  mo t likely to reappear. Halfway down the flight of  tair  into the hall, however, he heard a tap on the front door, then metallic click  and the grinding of the chain. Every nerve in hi  body  eemed to tauten: He pulled out hi  wand, moved into the  hadow  be ide the decapitated elf head , and waited. The door opened: He  aw a glimp e of the lamplit  quare out ide, and a cloaked figure edged into the hall and clo ed the door behind it. The intruder took a  tep forward, and Moody’  voice a ked, “Severu  Snape?” Then the du t figure ro e from the end of the hall and ru hed him, rai ing it  dead hand. “It wa  not I who killed you, Albu ,”  aid a quiet voice. The jinx broke: The du t-figure exploded again, and it wa  impo ible to make out the newcomer through the den e gray cloud it left behind. Harry pointed the wand into the middle of it. “Don’t move!” He had forgotten the portrait of Mr . Black: At the  ound of hi  yell, the curtain  hiding her flew open and  he began to  cream, “Mudblood  and filth di honoring my hou e –” Ron and Hermione came cra hing down the  tair  behind Harry, wand  pointing, like hi , at the unknown man now  tanding with hi  arm  rai ed in the hall below. “Hold your fire, it’  me, Remu !” “Oh, thank goodne ,”  aid Hermione weakly, pointing her wand at Mr . Black in tead; with a bang, the curtain   wi hed  hut again and  ilence fell. Ron too lowered hi  wand, but Harry did not. “Show your elf!” he called back. Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hand   till held high in a ge ture of  urrender. “I am Remu  John Lupin, werewolf,  ometime  known a  Moony, one of the four creator  of the Marauder’  Map, married to Nymphadora, u ually known a  Tonk , and I taught you how to produce a Patronu , Harry, which take  the form of a  tag.” “Oh, all right,”  aid Harry, lowering hi  wand, “but I had to check, didn’t I?” “Speaking a  your ex-Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. Ron, Hermione, you  houldn’t be  o quick to lower your defen e .” They ran down the  tair  toward  him. Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak, he looked exhau ted, but plea ed to  ee them. “No  ign of Severu , then?” he a ked. “No,”  aid Harry. “What’  going on? I  everyone okay?’ “Ye ,”  aid Lupin, “but we’re all being watched. There are a couple of Death Eater  in the  quare out ide –” “We know –” “I had to Apparate very preci ely onto the top  tep out ide the front door to be  ure that they would not  ee me. They can’t know you’re in here or I’m  ure they’d have more people out there; they’re  taking out everywhere that’  got any connection with you, Harry. Let’  go down tair , there’  a lot to tell you, and I want to know what happened after you left the Burrow.” They de cended into the kitchen, where Hermione pointed her wand at the grate. A fire  prang up in tantly: It gave the illu ion of cozine  to the  tark  tone wall  and gli tened off the long wooden table. Lupin pulled a few butterbeer  from beneath hi  traveling cloak and they  at down. “I’d have been here three day  ago but I needed to  hake off the Death Eater tailing me,”  aid Lupin. “So, you came  traight here after the wedding?” “No,”  aid Harry, “only after we ran into a couple of Death Eater  in a café on Tottenham Court Road.” Lupin  lopped mo t of hi  butterbeer down hi  front. “What?” They explained what had happened; when they had fini hed, Lupin looked agha t. “But how did they find you  o quickly? It’  impo ible to track anyone who Apparate , unle  you grab hold of them a  they di appear.” “And it doe n’t  eem likely they were ju t  trolling down Tottenham Court Road at the time, doe  it?”  aid Harry. “We wondered,”  aid Hermione tentatively, “whether Harry could  till have the Trace on him?” “Impo ible,”  aid Lupin. Ron looked  mug, and Harry felt hugely relieved. “Apart from anything el e, they’d know for  ure Harry wa  here if he  till had the Trace on him, wouldn’t they? But I can’t  ee how they could have tracked you to Tottenham Court Road, that’  worrying, really worrying.” He looked di turbed, but a  far a  Harry wa  concerned, that que tion could wait. “Tell u  what happened after we left, we haven’t heard a thing  ince Ron’  dad told u  the family wa   afe.” “Well, King ley  aved u ,”  aid Lupin. “Thank  to hi  warning mo t of the wedding gue t  were able to Di apparate before they arrived.” “Were they Death Eater  or Mini try people?” interjected Hermione. “A mixture; but to all intent  and purpo e  they’re the  ame thing now,”  aid Lupin. “There were about a dozen of them, but they didn’t know you were there, Harry. Arthur heard a rumor that they tried to torture your whereabout  out of Scrimgeour before they killed him; if it’  true, he didn’t give you away.” Harry looked at Ron and Hermione; their expre ion  reflected the mingled  hock and gratitude he felt. He had never liked Scrimgeour much, but if what Lupin  aid wa  true, the man’  final act had been to try to protect Harry. “The Death Eater   earched the Burrow from top to bottom,” Lupin went on. “They found the ghoul, but didn’t want to get too clo e – and then they interrogated tho e of u  who remained for hour . They were trying to get information on you, Harry, but of cour e nobody apart from the Order knew that you had been there. “At the  ame time that they were  ma hing up the wedding, more Death Eater  were forcing their way into every Order-connected hou e in the country. No death ,” he added quickly, fore talling the que tion, “but they were rough. They burned down Dedalu  Diggle’  hou e, but a  you know he wa n’t there, and they u ed the Cruciaru  Cur e on Tonk ’  family. Again, trying to find out where you went after you vi ited them. They’re all right –  haken, obviou ly, but otherwi e okay.” “The Death Eater  got through all tho e protective charm ?” Harry a ked, remembering how effective the e had been on the night he had cra hed in Tonk ’  parent ’ garden. “What you’ve got to realize, Harry, i  that the Death Eater  have got the full might of the Mini try on their  ide now,”  aid Lupin. “They’ve got the power to perform brutal  pell  without fear of identification or arre t. They managed to penetrate every defen ive  pell we’d ca t again t them, and once in ide, they were completely open about why they’d come.” “And are they bothering to give an excu e for torturing Harry’  whereabout  out of people?” a ked Hermione, an edge to her voice. “Well,” Lupin  aid. He he itated, then pulled out a folded copy of the Daily Prophet. “Here,” he  aid, pu hing it acro  the table to Harry, “you’ll know  ooner or later anyway. That’  their pretext for going after you.” Harry  moothed out the paper. A huge photograph of hi  own face filled the front page. He read the headline over it: WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE Ron and Hermione gave roar  of outrage, but Harry  aid nothing. He pu hed the new paper away; he did not want to read anymore: He knew what it would  ay. Nobody but tho e who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really killed him and, a  Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been  een running from the place moment  after Dumbledore had fallen. “I’m  orry, Harry,” Lupin  aid. “So Death Eater  have taken over the Daily Prophet too?” a ked Hermione furiou ly. Lupin nodded. “But  urely people realize what’  going on?” “The coup ha  been  mooth and virtually  ilent,”  aid Lupin. “The official ver ion of Scrimgeour’  murder i  that he re igned; he ha  been replaced by Piu  Thickne e, who i  under the Imperiu  Cur e.” “Why didn’t Voldemort declare him elf Mini ter of Magic?” a ked Ron. Lupin laughed. “He doe n’t need to, Ron. Effectively, he i  the Mini ter, but why  hould he  it behind a de k at the Mini try? Hi  puppet, Thickne e, i  taking care of everyday bu ine , leaving Voldemort free to extend hi  power beyond the Mini try. “Naturally many people have deduced what ha  happened: There ha  been  uch a dramatic change in Mini try policy in the la t few day , and many are whi pering that Voldemort mu t be behind it. However, that i  the point: They whi per. They daren’t confide in each other, not knowing whom to tru t; they are  cared to  peak out, in ca e their  u picion  are true and their familie  are targeted. Ye , Voldemort i  playing a very clever game. Declaring him elf might have provoked open rebellion: Remaining ma ked ha  created confu ion, uncertainty, and fear.” “And thi  dramatic change in Mini try policy,”  aid Harry, “involve  warning the Wizarding world again t me in tead of Voldemort?” “That’  certainly a part of it,”  aid Lupin, “and it i  a ma ter troke. Now that Dumbledore i  dead, you – the Boy Who Lived – were  ure to be the  ymbol and rallying point for any re i tance to Voldemort. But by  ugge ting that you had a hand in the old hat’  death, Voldemort ha  not only  et a price upon your head, but  own doubt and fear among t many who would have defended you. “Meanwhile, the Mini try ha   tarted moving again t Muggle-born .” Lupin pointed at the Daily Prophet. “Look at page two.” Hermione turned the page  with much the  ame expre ion of di ta te  he had when handling Secret  of the Darke t Art. “Muggle-born Regi ter!”  he read aloud. “‘The Mini try of Magic i  undertaking a  urvey of  o-called “Muggle-born ” the better to under tand how they came to po e  magical  ecret . “‘Recent re earch undertaken by the Department of My terie  reveal  that magic can only be pa ed from per on to per on when Wizard  reproduce. Where no proven Wizarding ance try exi t , therefore, the  o-called Muggle-born i  likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force. “‘The Mini try i  determined to root out  uch u urper  of magical power, and to thi  end ha  i ued an invitation to every  o-called Muggle-born to pre ent them elve  for interview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Regi tration Commi ion.’” “People won’t let thi  happen,”  aid Ron. “It i  happening, Ron,”  aid Lupin. “Muggle-born  are being rounded up a  we  peak.” “But how are they  uppo ed to have ‘ tolen’ magic?”  aid Ron. “It’  mental, if you could  teal magic there wouldn’t be any Squib , would there?” “I know,”  aid Lupin. “Neverthele , unle  you can prove that you have at lea t one clo e Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magical power illegally and mu t  uffer the puni hment.” Ron glanced at Hermione, then  aid, “What if pureblood  and halfblood   wear a Muggle-born’  part of their family? I’ll tell everyone Hermione’  my cou in –” Hermione covered Ron’  hand with her  and  queezed it. “Thank you, Ron, but I couldn’t let you –” “You won’t have a choice,”  aid Ron fiercely, gripping her hand back. “I’ll teach you my family tree  o you can an wer que tion  on it.” Hermione gave a  haky laugh. “Ron, a  we’re on the run with Harry Potter, the mo t wanted per on in the country, I don’t think it matter . If I wa  going back to  chool it would be different. What’  Voldemort planning for Hogwart ?”  he a ked Lupin. “Attendance i  now compul ory for every young witch and wizard,” he replied. “That wa  announced ye terday. It’  a change, becau e it wa  never obligatory before. Of cour e, nearly every witch and wizard in Britain ha  been educated at Hogwart , but their parent  had the right to teach them at home or  end them abroad if they preferred. Thi  way, Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population under hi  eye from a young age. And it’  al o another way of weeding out Muggle-born , becau e  tudent  mu t be given Blood Statu  – meaning that they have proven to the Mini try that they are of Wizard de cent – before they are allowed to attend.” Harry felt  ickened and angry: At thi  moment, excited eleven-year-old  would be poring over  tack  of newly purcha ed  pell-book , unaware that they would never  ee Hogwart , perhap  never  ee their familie  again either. “It’  . . . it’  . . .” he muttered,  truggling to find word  that did ju tice to the horror of hi  thought , but Lupin  aid quietly, “I know.” Lupin he itated. I’ll under tand if you can’t confirm thi , Harry, but the Order i  under the impre ion that Dumbledore left you a mi ion.” “He did,” Harry replied, “and Ron and Hermione are in on it and they’re coming with me.” “Can you confide in me what the mi ion i ?” Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wi hed that he could return a different an wer. “I can’t, Remu , I’m  orry. If Dumbledore didn’t tell you I don’t think I can.” “I thought you’d  ay that,”  aid Lupin, looking di appointed. “But I might  till be of  ome u e to you. You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you to provide protection. There would be no need to tell me exactly what you were up to.” Harry he itated. It wa  a very tempting offer, though how they would be able to keep their mi ion  ecret from Lupin if he were with them all the time he could not imagine. Hermione, however, looked puzzled. “But what about Tonk ?”  he a ked. “What about her?”  aid Lupin. “Well,”  aid Hermione, frowning, “you’re married! How doe   he feel about you going away with u ?” “Tonk  will be perfectly  afe,”  aid Lupin, “She’ll be at her parent ’ hou e.” There wa   omething  trange in Lupin’  tone, it wa  almo t cold. There wa  al o  omething odd in the idea of Tonk  remaining hidden at her parent ’ hou e;  he wa , after all, a member of the Order and, a  far a  Harry knew, wa  likely to want to be in the thick of the action. “Remu ,”  aid Hermione tentatively, “i  everything all right . . . you know . . . between you and – ” “Everything i  fine, thank you,”  aid Lupin pointedly. Hermione turned pink. There wa  another pau e, an awkward and embarra ed one, and then Lupin  aid, with an air of forcing him elf to admit  omething unplea ant, “Tonk  i  going to have a baby.” “Oh, how wonderful!”  quealed Hermione. “Excellent!”  aid Ron enthu ia tically. “Congratulation ,”  aid Harry. Lupin gave an artificial  mile that wa  more like a grimace, then  aid, “So . . . do you accept my offer? Will three become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would have di approved, he appointed me your Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher, after all. And I mu t tell you that I believe we are facing magic many of u  have never encountered or imagined.” Ron and Hermione both looked at Harry. “Ju t – ju t to be clear,” he  aid. “You want to leave Tonk  at her parent ’ hou e and come away with u ?” “She’ll be perfectly  afe there, they’ll look after her,”  aid Lupin. He  poke with a finality bordering on indifference: “Harry, I’m  ure Jame  would have wanted me to  tick with you.” “Well,”  aid Harry  lowly, “I’m not. I’m pretty  ure my father would have wanted to know why you aren’t  ticking with your own kid, actually.” Lupin’  face drained of color. The temperature in the kitchen might have dropped ten degree . Ron  tared around the room a  though he had been bidden to memorize it, while Hermione’  eye   wiveled backward and forward from Harry to Lupin. “You don’t under tand,”  aid Lupin at la t. “Explain, then,”  aid Harry. Lupin  wallowed. “I – I made a grave mi take in marrying Tonk . I did it again t my better judgment and have regretted it very much every  ince.” “I  ee,”  aid Harry, “ o you’re ju t going to dump her and the kid and run off with u ?” Lupin  prang to hi  feet: Hi  chair toppled over backward, and he glared at them  o fiercely that Harry  aw, for the fir t time ever,  he  hadow of the wolf upon hi  human face. “Don’t you under tand what I’ve done to my wife and my unborn child? I  hould never have married her, I’ve made her an outca t!” Lupin kicked a ide the chair he had overturned. “You have only ever  een me among t the Order, or under Dumbledore’  protection at Hogwart ! You don’t know how mo t of the Wizarding world  ee  creature  like me! When they know of my affliction, they can barely talk to me! Don’t you  ee what I’ve done? Even her own family i  di gu ted by our marriage, what parent  want their only daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child – the child – ” Lupin actually  eized handful  of hi  own hair; he looked quite deranged. “My kind don’t u ually breed! It will be like me, I am convinced of it – how can I forgive my elf, when I knowingly ri ked pa ing on my own condition to an innocent child? And if, by  ome miracle, it i  not like me, then it will be better off, a hundred time   o, without a father of whom it mu t alway  be a hamed!” “Remu !” whi pered Hermione, tear  in her eye . “Don’t  ay that – how could any child be a hamed of you?” “Oh, I don’t know, Hermione,”  aid Harry. “I’d be pretty a hamed of him.” Harry did not know where hi  rage wa  coming from, but it had propelled him to hi  feet too. Lupin looked a  though Harry had hit him. “If the new regime think  Muggle-born  are bad,” Harry  aid, “what will they do to a half-werewolf who e father’  in the Order? My father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon he’d tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with u ?” “How – how dare you?”  aid Lupin. “Thi  i  not about a de ire for – for danger or per onal glory – how dare you  ugge t  uch a – ” “I think you’re feeling a bit of a daredevil,” Harry  aid, “You fancy  tepping into Siriu ’   hoe  –” “Harry, no!” Hermione begged him, but he continued to glare into Lupin’  livid face. “I’d never have believed thi ,” Harry  aid. “The man who taught me to fight dementor  – a coward.” Lupin drew hi  wand  o fa t that Harry had barely reached for hi  own; there wa  a loud bang and he felt him elf flying backward a  if punched; a  he  lammed into the kitchen wall and  lid to the floor, he glimp ed the tail of Lupin’  cloak di appearing around the door. “Remu , Remu , come back!” Hermione cried, but Lupin did not re pond. A moment later they heard the front door  lam. “Harry!” wailed Hermione. “How could you?” “It wa  ea y,”  aid Harry. He  tood up, he could feel a lump  welling where hi  head had hit the wall. He wa   till  o full of anger he wa   haking. “Don’t look at me like that!” he  napped at Hermione. “Don’t you  tart on her!”  narled Ron. “No – no – we mu tn’t fight!”  aid Hermione, launching her elf between them. “You  houldn’t have  aid that  tuff to Lupin,” Ron told Harry. “He had it coming to him,”  aid Harry. Broken image  were racing each other through hi  mind: Siriu  falling through the veil; Dumbledore  u pended, broken, in midair; a fla h of green light and hi  mother’  voice, begging for mercy . . . “Parent ,”  aid Harry, “ houldn’t leave their kid  unle  – unle  they’ve got to.” “Harry –“  aid Hermione,  tretching out a con oling hand, but he  hrugged it off and walked away, hi  eye  on the fire Hermione had conjured. He had once  poken to Lupin out of that fireplace,  eeking rea urance about Jame , and Lupin had con oled him. Now Lupin’  tortured white face  eemed to  wim in the air before him. He felt a  ickening  urge of remor e. Neither Ron nor Hermione  poke, but Harry felt  ure that they were looking at each other behind hi  back, communicating  ilently. He turned around and caught them turning hurriedly away form each other. “I know I  houldn’t have called him a coward.” “No, you  houldn’t,”  aid Ron at once. “But he’  acting like one.” “All the  ame . . .”  aid Hermione. “I know,”  aid Harry. “But if it make  him go back to Tonk , it’ll be worth it, won’t it?” He could not keep the plea out of hi  voice. Hermione looked  ympathetic, Ron uncertain. Harry looked down at hi  feet, thinking of hi  father. Would Jame  have backed Harry in what he had  aid to Lupin, or would he have been angry at how hi   on had treated hi  old friend? The  ilent kitchen  eemed to hum with the  hock of the recent  cene and with Ron and Hermione’  un poken reproache . The Daily Prophet Lupin had brought wa   till lying on the table, Harry’  own face  taring up at the ceiling from the front page. He walked over to it and  at down, opened the paper at random, and pretended to read. He could not take in the word ; hi  mind wa   till too full of the encounter with Lupin. He wa   ure that Ron and Hermione had re umed their  ilent communication  on the other  ide of the Prophet. He turned a page loudly, and Dumbledore’  name leapt out at him. It wa  a moment or two before he took in the meaning of the photograph, which  howed a family group. Beneath the photograph were the word : The Dumbledore family, left to right: Albu ; Percival, holding newborn Ariana; Kendra, and Aberforth. Hi  attention caught, Harry examined the picture more carefully. Dumbledore’  father, Percival, wa  a good-looking man with eye  that  eemed to twinkle even in thi  faded old photograph. The baby, Ariana, wa  a little longer than a loaf of bread and no more di tinctive-looking. The mother, Kendra, had jet black hair pulled into a high bun. Her face had a carved quality about it. Harry thought of photo  of Native American  he’d  een a  he  tudied her dark eye , high cheekbone , and  traight no e, formally compo ed above a high-necked  ilk gown. Albu  and Aberforth wore matching lacy collared jacket  and had identical,  houlder-length hair tyle . Albu  looked  everal year  older, but otherwi e the two boy  looked very alike, for thi  wa  before Albu ’  no e had been broken and before he  tarted wearing gla e . The family looked quite happy and normal,  miling  erenely up out of the new paper. Baby Ariana’  arm waved vaguely out of her  hawl. Harry looked above the picture and  aw the headline: EXCLUSIVE EXTRACT FROM UPCOMING BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE by Rita Skeeter Thinking it could hardly make him feel any wor e than he already did, Harry began to read: Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after her hu band Percival’  well-publicized arre t and impri onment in Azkaban. She therefore decided to uproot the family and relocate to Godric’  Hollow, the village that wa  later to gain fame a  the  cene of Harry Potter’   trange e cape from You-Know-Who. Like Mould-on-the-Wold, Godric’  Hollow wa  home to a number of Wizarding familie , but a  Kendra knew none of them,  he would be  pared the curio ity about her hu band’  crime  he had faced in her former village. By repeatedly rebuffing the friendly advance  of her new Wizarding neighbor ,  he  oon en ured that her family wa  left well alone. “Slammed the door in my face when I went around to welcome her with a batch of homemade Cauldron Cake ,”  ay  Bathilda Bag hot. “The fir t year they were there I only ever  aw the two boy . Wouldn’t have known there wa  a daughter if I hadn’t been picking Plangentine  by moonlight the winter after they moved in, and  aw Kendra leading Ariana out into the back garden. Walked her round the lawn once, keeping a firm grip on her, then took her back in ide. Didn’t know what to make of it.” It  eem  that Kendra thought the move to Godric’  Hollow wa  the perfect opportunity to hide Ariana once and for all,  omething  he had probably been planning for year . The timing wa   ignificant. Ariana wa  barely  even year  old when  he vani hed from  ight, and  even i  the age by which mo t expert  agree that magic will have revealed it elf, if pre ent. Nobody now alive remember  Ariana ever demon trating even the  lighte t  ign of magical ability. It  eem  clear, therefore, that Kendra made a deci ion to hide her daughter’  exi tence rather than  uffer the  hame of admitting that  he had produced a Squib. Moving away from the friend  and neighbor  who knew Ariana would, of cour e, make impri oning her all the ea ier. The tiny number of people who henceforth knew of Ariana’  exi tence could be counted upon to keep the  ecret, including her two brother , who had deflected awkward que tion  with the an wer their mother had taught them. “My  i ter i  too frail for  chool.” Next week: Albu  Dumbledore at Hogwart  – the Prize  and the Preten e. Harry had been wrong: What he had read had indeed made him feel wor e. He looked back at the photograph of the apparently happy family. Wa  it true? How could he find out? He wanted to go to Godric’  Hollow, even if Bathilda wa  in no fit  tate to talk to him: he wanted to vi it the place where he and Dumbledore had both lo t loved one . He wa  in the proce  of lowering the new paper, to a k Ron’  and Hermione’  opinion , when a deafening crack echoed around the kitchen. For the fir t time in three day  Harry had forgotten all about Kreacher. Hi  immediate thought wa  that Lupin had bur t back into the room, and for a  plit  econd, he did not take in the ma  of  truggling limb  that had appeared out of thin air right be ide hi  chair. He hurried to hi  feet a  Kreacher di entangled him elf and, bowing low to Harry, croaked, “Kreacher ha  returned with the thief Mundungu  Fletcher, Ma ter.” Mundungu   crambled up and pulled out hi  wand; Hermione, however, wa  too quick for him. “Expelliarmu !” Mundungu ’  wand  oared into the air, and Hermione caught it. Wild-eyed, Mundungu  dived for the  tair . Ron rugby-tackled him and Mundungu  hit the  tone floor with a muffled crunch. “What?” he bellowed, writhing in hi  attempt  to free him elf from Ron’  grip. “Wha’ve I done? Setting a bleedin’ ‘hou e-elf on me, what are you playing at, wha’ve I done, lemme go, lemme go, of – ” “You’re not in much of a po ition to make threat ,”  aid Harry. He threw a ide the new paper, cro ed the kitchen in a few  tride , and dropped to hi  knee  be ide Mundungu , who  topped  truggling and looked terrified. Ron got up, panting, and watched a  Harry pointed hi  wand deliberately at Mundungu ’  no e. Mundungu   tank of  tale  weat and tobacco  moke. Hi  hair wa  matted and hi  robe   tained. “Kreacher apologize  for the delay in bringing the thief, Ma ter,” croaked the elf. “Fletcher know  how to avoid capture, ha  many hidey-hole  and accomplice . Neverthele , Kreacher cornered the thief in the end.” “You’ve done really well, Kreacher,”  aid Harry, and the elf bowed low. “Right, we’ve got a few que tion  for you,” Harry told Mundungu , who  houted at once. “I panicked, okay? I never wanted to come along, no offen e, mate, but I never volunteered to die for you, an’ that wa  bleedin’ You-Know-Who come flying at me, anyone woulda got outta there. I  aid all along I didn’t wanna do it –” “For your information, none of the re t of u  Di apparated,”  aid Hermione. “Well, you’re a bunch of bleedin’ ‘eroe  then, aren’t you, but I never pretended I wa  up for killing me elf –” “We’re not intere ted in why you ran out on Mad-Eye,”  aid Harry, moving hi  wand a little clo er to Mundungu ’  baggy, blood hot eye . “We already knew you were an unreliable bit of  cum.” “Well then, why the ‘ell am I being ‘unted down by ‘ou e-elve ? Or i  thi  about them goblet  again? I ain’t got none of ‘em left, or you could ‘ave ‘em –” “It’  not about the goblet  either, although you’re getting warmer,”  aid Harry. “Shut up and li ten.” It felt wonderful to have  omething to do,  omeone of whom he could demand  ome  mall portion of truth. Harry’  wand wa  now  o clo e to the bridge of Mundungu ’  no e that Mundungu  had gone cro -eyed trying to keep it in view. “When you cleaned out thi  hou e of anything valuable,” Harry began, but Mundungu  interrupted him again. “Siriu  never cared about any of the junk –” There wa  the  ound of pattering fee, a blaze of  hining copper, an echoing clang, and a  hriek of agony; Kreacher had taken a run at Mundungu  and hit him over the head with a  aucepan. “Call ‘im off, call ‘im off, ‘e  hould be locked up!”  creamed Mundungu , cowering a  Kreacher rai ed the heavy-bottomed pan again. “Kreacher, no!”  houted Harry. Kreacher’  thin arm  trembled with the weight of the pan,  till held aloft. “Perhap  ju t one more, Ma ter Harry, for luck?” Ron laughed. “We need him con ciou , Kreacher, but if he need  per uading, you can do the honor ,”  aid Harry. “Thank you very much, Ma ter,”  aid Kreacher with a bow, and he retreated a  hort di tance, hi  great pale eye   till fixed upon Mundungu  with loathing. “When you  tripped thi  hou e of all the valuable  you could find,” Harry began again, “you took a bunch of  tuff from the kitchen cupboard. There wa  a locket there.” Harry’  mouth wa   uddenly dry: He could  en e Ron and Hermione’  ten ion and excitement too. “What did you do with it?” “Why?” a ked Mundungu . “I  it valuable?” “You’ve  till got it!” cried Hermione. “No, he ha n’t,”  aid Ron  hrewdly. “He’  wondering whether he  hould have a ked more money for it.” “More?”  aid Mundungu . “That wouldn’t have been effing difficult . . .bleedin’ gave it away, di’n’ I? No choice.” “What do you mean?” “I wa   elling in Diagon Alley and  he come up to me and a k  if I’ve got a licen e for trading in magical artifact . Bleedin’  noop. She wa  gonna fine me, but  he took a fancy to the locket an’ told me  he’d take it and let me off that time, and to fink me elf lucky.” “Who wa  thi  woman?” a ked Harry. “I dunno,  ome Mini try hag.” Mundungu  con idered for a moment, brow wrinkled. “Little woman. Bow on top of ‘er head.” He frowned and then added, “Looked like a toad.” Harry dropped hi  wand: It hit Mundungu  on the no e and  hot red  park  into hi  eyebrow , which ignited. “Aquamenti!”  creamed Hermione, and a jet of water  treamed from her wand, engulfing a  pluttering and choking Mundungu . Harry looked up and  aw hi  own  hock reflected in Ron’  and Hermione’  face . The  car  on the back of hi  right hand  eemed to be tingling again. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWELVE MAGIC IS MIGHT A  Augu t wore on, the  quare of unkempt gra  in the middle of Grimmauld Place  hriveled in the  un until it wa  brittle and brown. The inhabitant  of number twelve were never  een by anyone in the  urrounding hou e , and nor wa  number twelve it elf. The muggle  who lived in Grimmauld Place had long  ince accepted the amu ing mi take in the numbering that had cau ed number eleven to  it be ide number thirteen. And yet the  quare wa  now attracting a trickle of vi itor  who  eemed to find the anomaly mo t intriguing. Barely a day pa ed without one or two people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other purpo e, or  o it  eemed, than to lean again t the railing  facing number  eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two hou e . The lurker  were never the  ame two day  running, although they all  eemed to  hare a di like for normal clothing. Mo t of the Londoner  who pa ed them were u ed to eccentric dre er  and took little notice, though occa ionally one of them might glance back, wondering why anyone would wear cloak  in thi  heat. The watcher   eemed to be gleaning little  ati faction from their vigil. Occa ionally one of them  tarted forward excitedly, a  if they had  een  omething intere ting at la t, only to fall back looking di appointed. On the fir t day of September there were more people lurking in the  quare than ever before. Half a dozen men in long cloak   tood  ilent and watchful, gazing a  ever at hou e  eleven and thirteen, but the thing for which they were waiting  till appeared elu ive. A  evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gu t of chilly rain for the fir t time in week , there occurred one of tho e inexplicable moment  when they appeared to have  een  omething intere ting. The man with the twi ted face pointed and hi  clo e t companion, a podgy, pallid man,  tarted forward, but a moment later they had relaxed into their previou   tate of inactivity, looking fru trated and di appointed. Meanwhile, in ide number twelve, Harry had ju t entered the hall. He had nearly lo t hi  balance a  he Apparated onto the top  tep ju t out ide the front door, and thought that the Death Eater  might have caught a glimp e of hi  momentarily expo ed elbow. Shutting the front door carefully behind him, he pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak, draped it over hi  arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward the door that led to the ba ement, a  tolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in hi  hand. The u ual low whi per of “Severu  Snape” greeted him, the chill wind  wept him, and hi  tongue rolled up for a moment. “I didn’t kill you,” he  aid, once it had unrolled, then held hi  breath a  the du ty jinx-figure exploded. He waited until he wa  halfway down the  tair  to the kitchen, out of ear hot of Mr . Black and clear of the du t cloud, before calling, “I’ve got new , and you won’t like it.” The kitchen wa  almo t unrecognizable. Every  urface now  hone; Copper pot  and pan  had been burni hed to a ro y glow; the wooden tabletop gleamed; the goblet  and plate  already laid for dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, on which a cauldron wa   immering. Nothing in the room, however, wa  more dramatically different than the hou e-elf who now came hurrying toward Harry, dre ed in a  nowy-white towel, hi  ear hair a  clean and fluffy a  cotton wool, Regulu ’  locket bouncing on hi  thin che t. “Shoe  off, if you plea e, Ma ter Harry, and hand  wa hed before dinner,” croaked Kreacher,  eizing the Invi ibility Cloak and  louching off to hang it on a hook on the wall, be ide a number of old-fa hioned robe  that had been fre hly laundered. “What’  happened?” Ron a ked apprehen ively. He are Hermione had been pouring over a  heaf of  cribbled note  and hand drawn map  that littered the end of the long kitchen table, but now they watched Harry a  he  trode toward them and threw down the new paper on top of their  cattered parchment. A large picture of a familiar, hook-no ed, black-haired man  tared up at them all, beneath a headline that read: SEVERUS SNAPE CONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS HEADMASTER “No!”  aid Ron and Hermione loudly. Hermione wa  quicke t;  he  natched up the new paper and began to read the accompanying  tory out loud. “Severu  Snape, long- tanding Potion  ma ter at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and wizardry, wa  today appointed headma ter in the mo t important of  everal  taffing change  at the ancient  chool. Following the re ignation of the previou  Muggle Studie  teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the po t while her brother, Amycu , fill  the po ition of Defen e Again t the Dark Art  profe or.” “ ‘I welcome the opportunity to uphold our fine t Wizarding tradition  and value  –‘ Like committing murder and cutting off people’  ear , I  uppo e! Snape, headma ter! Snape in Dumbledore’   tudy – Merlin’  pant !”  he  hrieked, making both Harry and Ron jump. She leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room,  houting a   he went, “I’ll be back in a minute!” “’Merlin’  pant ’?” repeated Ron, looking amu ed. “She mu t be up et.” He pulled the new paper toward him and peru ed the article about Snape. “The other teacher  won’t  tand for thi , McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout all know the truth, they know how Dumbledore died. They won’t accept Snape a  headma ter. And who are the e Carrow ?” “Death Eater ,”  aid Harry. “There are picture  of them in ide. They were at the top of the tower when Snape killed Dumbledore,  o it’  all friend  together. And,” Harry went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, “I can’t  ee that the other teacher  have got any choice but to  tay. If the Mini try and Voldemort are behind Snape it’ll be a choice between  taying and teaching, or a nice few year  in Azkaban – and that’  if they’re lucky. I reckon they’ll  tay to try and protect the  tudent .” Kreacher came bu tling to the table with a large curcen in hi  hand , and ladled out  oup into pri tine bowl , whi tling between hi  teeth a  he did  o. “Thank , Kreacher,”  aid Harry, flipping over the Prophet  o a  not to have to look at Snape’  face. “Well, at lea t we know exactly where Snape i  now.” He began to  poon  oup into hi  mouth. The quality of Kreacher’  cooking had improved dramatically ever  ince he had been given Regulu ’  locket: Today’  French onion wa  a  good a  Harry had ever ta ted. “There are  till a load of Death Eater  watching thi  hou e,” he told Ron a  he ate, “more than u ual. It’  like they’re hoping we’ll march out carrying our  chool trunk  and head off for the Hogwart  Expre .” Ron glanced at hi  watch. “I’ve been thinking about that all day. It left nearly  ix hour  ago. Weird, not being on it, i n’t it?” In hi  mind’  eye Harry  eemed to  ee the  carlet  team engine a  he and Ron had once followed it by air,  himmering between field  and hill , a rippling  carlet caterpillar. He wa   ure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were  itting together at thi  moment, perhap  wondering where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or debating how be t to undermine Snape’  new regime. “They nearly  aw me coming back in ju t now,” Harry  aid, “I landed badly on the top  tep, and the Cloak  lipped.” “I do that every time. Oh, here  he i ,” Ron added, craning around in hi   eat to watch Hermione reentering the kitchen. “And what in the name of Merlin’  mo t baggy Y Front  wa  that about?” “I remembered thi ,” Hermione panted. She wa  carrying a large, framed picture, which  he now lowered to the floor before  eizing her  mall, beaded bag from the kitchen  ideboard. Opening it,  he proceeded to force the painting in ide and de pite the fact that it wa  patently too large to fit in ide the tiny bag, within a few  econd  it had vani hed, like  o much ea e, into the bag’  capaciou  depth . “Phinea  Nigellu ,” Hermione explained a   he threw the bag onto the kitchen table with the u ual  onorou , clanking cra h. “Sorry?”  aid Ron, but Harry under tood. The painted image of Phinea  Nigellu  Black wa  able to travel between hi  portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hung in the headma ter’  office at Hogwart : the circular cower-top room where Snape wa  no doubt  itting right now, in triumphant po e ion of Dumbledore’  collection of delicate,  ilver magical in trument , the  tone Pen ieve, the Sorting Hat and, unle  it ad been moved el ewhere, the  word of Gryffindor. “Snape could  end Phinea  Nigellu  to look in ide thi  hou e for him,” Hermione explained to Ron a   he re umed her  eat. “But let him try it now, all Phinea  Nigellu  will be able to  ee i  the in ide of my handbag.” “Good thinking!”  aid Ron, looking impre ed. “Thank you,”  miled Hermione, pulling her  oup toward her. “So, Harry, what el e happened today?” “Nothing,”  aid Harry. “Watched the Mini try entrance for  even hour . No  ign of her. Saw your dad though, Ron. He look  fine.” Ron nodded hi  appreciation of thi  new . The had agreed that it wa  far too dangerou  to try and communicate with Mr. Wea ley while he walked in and out of the Mini try, becau e he wa  alway   urrounded by other Mini try worker . It wa , however, rea uring to catch the e glimp e  of him, even if he did look very  trained and anxiou . “Dad alway  told u  mo t Mini try people u e the Floo Network to get to work,” Ron  aid. “That’  why we haven’t  een Umbridge,  he’d never walk,  he’d think  he’  too important.” “And what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robe ?” Hermione a ked. “Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance,”  aid Ron. “How do you know he work  for Magical Maintenance?” Hermione a ked, her  oup poon  u pended in midair. “Dad  aid everyone from Magical Maintenance wear  navy blue robe .” “But you never told u  that!” Hermione dropped her  poon and pulled toward her the  heaf of note  and map  that  he and Ron had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen. “There’  nothing in here about navy blue robe , nothing!”  he  aid, flipping feveri hly through the page . “Well, die  it really matter?” “Ron, it all matter ! If we’re going to get into the Mini try and not give our elve  away when they’re bound to be on the lookout for intruder , every little detail matter ! We’ve been over and over thi , I mean, what’  the point of all the e reconnai ance trip  if you aren’t even bothering to tell u  –“ “Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing – “ “You do realize, don’t you, that there’  probably no more dangerou  place in the whole world for u  to be right now than the Mini try of –“ “I think we  hould do it tomorrow,”  aid Harry. Hermione  topped dead, her jaw hanging; Ron choked a little over hi   oup. “Tomorrow?” repeated Hermione. “You aren’t  eriou , Harry?” “I am,”  aid Harry. “I don’t think we’re going to be much better prepared than we are now even if we  kulk around the Mini try entrance for another month. The longer we put it off, the farther away that locket could be. There’  already a good chance Umbridge ha  chucked it away; the thing doe n’t open.” “Unle ,”  aid Ron, “ he’  found a way of opening it and  he’  now po e ed.” “Wouldn’t make any difference to her,  he wa   o evil in the fir t place,” Harry  hrugged. Hermione wa  biting her lip, deep in thought. “We know everything important,” Harry went on, addre ing Hermione. “We know they’ve  topped Apparition in and out of the Mini try; We know only the mo t  enior Mini try member  are allowed to connect their home  to the Floo Network now, becau e Ron heard tho e two Un peakable  complaining about it. And we know roughly where Umbridge’  office i , becau e of what you heard the bearded bloke  aying to hi  mate –“ “’I’ll be up on level one, Dolore  want  to  ee me,’” Hermione recited immediately. “Exactly,”  aid Harry. “And we know you get in u ing tho e funny coin , or token , or whatever they are, becau e I  aw that witch borrowing one from her friend – “ “But we haven’t got any!” “If the plan work , we will have,” Harry continued calmly. “I don’t know, Harry, I don’t know … There are an awful lot of thing  that could go wrong,  o much relie  on chance … “ That’ll be true even if we  pend another three month  preparing,”  aid Harry. “It’  time to act.” He could tell from Ron’  and Hermione’  face  that they were  cared; he wa  not particularly confident him elf, and yet he wa   ure the time had come to put their plan into operation. They had  pent the previou  four week  taking it in turn  to don the Invi ibility Cloak and  py on the official entrance to the Mini try, which Ron, thank  to Mr. Wea ley, had known  ince childhood. They had tailed Mini try worker  on their way in, eave dropped on their conver ation , and learned by careful ob ervation which of them could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the  ame time every day. Occa ionally there had been a chance to  neak a Daily Prophet out of  omebody’  briefca e. Slowly they had built up the  ketchy map  and note  now  tacked in front of Hermione. “All right,”  aid Ron  lowly, “let’   ay we go for it tomorrow … I think it  hould ju t be me and Harry.” “Oh, don’t  tart that again!”  ighed Hermione. “I thought we’d  ettled thi .” “It’  one thing hanging around the entrance  under the Cloak, but thi  i  different. Hermione,” Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet dated ten day  previou ly. “You’re on the li t of Muggle-born  who didn’t pre ent them elve  for interrogation!” “And you’re  uppo ed to be dying of  pattergroit at the Burrow! If anyone  houldn’t go, it’  Harry, he’  got a ten-thou and-Galleon price on hi  head – “ “Fine, I’ll  tay here,”  aid Harry. “Let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort, won’t you?” A  Ron and Hermione laughed, pain  hot through the  car on Harry’  forehead. Hi  hand jumped to it. He  aw Hermione’  eye  narrow, and he tried to pa  off the movement by bru hing hi  hair out of hi  eye . “Well, if all three of u  go we’ll have to Di apparate  eparately,” Ron wa   aying. “We can’t all fit under the Cloak anymore.” Harry’   car wa  becoming more and more painful. He  tood up. At once, Kreacher hurried forward. “Ma ter ha  not fini hed hi   oup, would ma ter prefer the  avory  tew, or el e the treacle tart to which Ma ter i   o partial?” “Thank , Kreacher, but I’ll be back in a minute – er – bathroom.” Aware that Hermione wa  watching him  u piciou ly, Harry hurried up the  tair  to the hall and then to the fir t landing, where he da hed into the bathroom and bolted the door again. Grunting with pain, he  lumped over the black ba in with it  tap  in the form of open-mouthed  erpent  and clo ed hi  eye  …. He wa  gliding along a twilit  treet. The building  on either  ide of him had high, timbered gable ; they looked like gingerbread hou e . He approached one of them, then  aw the whitene  of hi  own long-fingered hand again t the door. He knocked. He felt a mounting excitement … The door opened: A laughing woman  tood there. Her face fell a   he looked into Harry’  face: humor gone, terror replacing it …. “Gregorovitch?”  aid a high, cold voice. She  hook her head: She wa  trying to clo e the door. A white hand held it  teady, prevented her  hutting him out … “I want Gregorovitch.” “Er wohnt hier nicht mehr!”  he cried,  haking her head. “He no live here! He no live here! I know him not!” Abandoning the attempt to clo e the door,  he began to back away down the dark hall, and Harry followed, gliding toward her, and hi  long-fingered hand had drawn hi  wand. “where i  he?” “Da  weiff ich nicht! He move! I know not, I know not!” He rai ed hi  hand. She  creamed. Two young children came running into the hall. She tried to  hield them with her arm . There wa  a fla h of green light – “Harry! HARRY!” He opened hi  eye ; he had  unk to the floor. Hermione wa  pounding on the door again. “Harry, open up!” He had  houted out, he knew it. He got up and unbolted the door; Hermione toppled in ide at once, regained her balance, and looked around  u piciou ly. Ron wa  right behind her, looking unnerved a  he pointed hi  wand into the corner  of the chilly bathroom. “What were you doing?” a ked Hermione  ternly. “What d’you think I wa  doing?” a ked Harry with feeble bravado. “You were yelling your head off!”  aid Ron. “Oh yeah … I mu t’ve dozed off or – “ “Harry, plea e don’t in ult our intelligence,”  aid Hermione, taking deep breath . “We know your  car hurt down tair , and you’re white a  a  heet.” Harry  at down on the edge of the bath. “Fine. I’ve ju t  een Voldemort murdering a woman. By now he’  probably killed her whole family. And he didn’t need to. It wa  Cedric all over again, they were ju t there … “ “Harry, you aren’t  uppo ed to let thi  happen anymore!” Hermione cried, her voice echoing through the bathroom. “Dumbledore wanted you to u e Occlumency! HE thought the connection wa  dangerou  – Voldemort can u e it, Harry! What good i  it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help?” “Becau e it mean  I know what he’  doing,”  aid Harry. “So you’re not even going to try to  hut him out?” “Hermione, I can’t. You know I’m lou y at Occlumency. I never got the hang of it.” “You never really tried!”  he  aid hotly. “I don’t get it, Harry – do you like having thi   pecial connection or relation hip or what – whatever – “ She faltered under the look he gave her a  he  tood up. “Like it?” he  aid quietly. “Would you like it?” “I – no – I’m  orry, Harry. I ju t didn’t mean – “ “I hate it, I hate the fact that he can get in ide me, that I have to watch him when he’  mo t dangerou . But I’m going to u e it.” “Dumbledore –“ “Forget Dumbledore. Thi  i  my choice, nobody el e’ . I want to know why he’  after Gregorovitch.” “Who?” “He’  a foreign wandmaker,”  aid Harry. “He made Krum’  wand and Krum reckon  he’  brilliant.” “But according to you,”  aid Ron, “Voldemort’  got Ollivander locked up  omewhere. If he’  already got a wandmaker, what doe  he need another one for?” “Maybe he agree  with Krum, maybe he think  Gregorovitch i  better … or el e he think  Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my wand did when he wa  cha ing me, becau e Ollivander didn’t know.” Harry glanced into the cracked, du ty mirror and  aw Ron and Hermione exchanging  keptical look  behind hi  back. “Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did,”  aid Hermione, “but you made it happen! Why are you  o determined not to take re pon ibility for your own power?” “Becau e I know it wa n’t me! And  o doe  Voldemort, Hermione! We both know what really happened!” They glared at each other; Harry knew that he had not convinced Hermione and that  he wa  mar haling counterargument , again t both hi  theory on hi  wand and the fact that he wa  permitting him elf to  ee into Voldemort’  mind. To hi  relief, Ron intervened. “Drop it,” he advi ed her. “It’  up to him. And if we’re going to the Mini try tomorrow, don’t you reckon we  hould go over the plan?” Reluctantly, a  the other two could tell, Hermione let the matter re t, though Harry wa  quite  ure  he would attack again at the fir t opportunity. In the meantime, they returned to the ba ement kitchen, where Kreacher  erved them all  tew and treacle tart. They did not get to bed until late that night, after  pending hour  going over and over their plan until they could recite it, word perfect, to each other. Harry, who wa  now  leeping in Siriu ’  room, lay in bed with hi  wandlight trained on the old photograph of hi  father, Siriu , Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to him elf for another ten minute . A  he extingui hed hi  wand, however, he wa  thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pa tille , or the navy blue robe  of Magical Maintenance; he though of Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how long he could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort  ought him  o determinedly. Dawn  eemed to follow midnight with indecent ha te. “You look terrible,” wa  Ron’  greeting a  he entered the room to wake Harry. “Not for long,”  aid Harry, yawning. They found Hermione down tair  in the kitchen. She wa  being  erved coffee and hot roll  by Kreacher and wearing the  lightly manic expre ion that Harry a ociated with exam review. “Robe ,”  he  aid under her breath, acknowledging their pre ence with a nervou  nod and continuing to poke around in her beaded bag, “Polyjuice Potion … Invi ibiliity Cloak … Decoy Detonator  … You  hould each take a couple ju t in ca e … Puking Pa tille , No ebleed Norgat, Extendable Ear  …” They gulped down their breakfa t, then  et off up tair , Kreacher bowing them out and promi ing to have a  teak-and-kidney pie ready for them when they returned. “Ble  him,”  aid Ron fondly, “and when you think I u ed to fanta ize about cutting off hi  head and  ticking it on the wall.” They made their way onto the front  tep with immen e caution. They could  ee a couple of puffy-eyed Death Eater  watching the hou e from acro  the mi ty  quare. Hermione Di apparated with Ron fir t, then came back for Harry. After the u ual brief  pell of darkne  and near  uffocation, Harry found him elf in the tiny alleyway where the fir t pha e of their plan wa   cheduled to take place. It wa  a  yet de erted, except for a couple of large bin ; the fir t Mini try worker  did not u ually appear here until at lea t eight o’clock. “Right then,”  aid Hermione, checking her watch. “ he ought to be here in about five minute . When I’ve Stunned her –“ “Hermione, we know,”  aid Ron  ternly. “And I thought we were  uppo ed to open the door before  he got here?” Hermione  quealed. “I nearly forgot! Stand back –“ She pointed her wand at the padlocked and heavily graffitied fire door be ide them, which bur t open with a cra h. The dark corridor behind it led, a  they knew from their careful  couting trip , into an empty theater. Hermione pulled the door back toward her, to make it look a  thought it wa   till clo ed. “And now,”  he  aid, turning, back to face the other two in the alleyway, “we put on the Cloak again –“ “—and we wait,” Ron fini hed, throwing it over Hermione’  head like a blanket over a birdcage and rolling hi  eye  at Harry. Little more than a minute later, there wa  a tiny pop and a little Mini try witch with flyaway gray hair Apparated feet from them, blinking a little in the  udden brightne : the  un had ju t come out from behind a cloud. She barely had time to enjoy the unexpected warmth, however, before Hermione’   ilent Stunning Spell hit her in the che t and  he toppled over. “Nicely done, Hermione,”  aid Ron, emerging behind a bin be ide the theater door a  Harry took off the Invi ibility Cloak. Together they carried the little witch into the dark pa ageway that led back tage. Hermione plucked a few hair  from the witch’  head and added them to a fla k of muddy Polyjuice Potion  he had taken from the beaded bag. Ron wa  rummaging through the little witch’  handbag. “She’  Mafalda Hopkirk,” he  aid, reading a  mall card that identified their victim a  an a i tant in the Improper U e of Magic Office. “You’d better take thi , Hermione, and here are the token .” He pa ed her  everal  mall golden coin , all embo ed with the letter  M.O.M., which he had taken from the witch’  pur e. Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which wa  now a plea ant heliotrope color, and within  econd   tood before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. A   he removed Mafalda’   pectacle  and put them on, Harry checked hi  watch. “We’re running late, Mr. Magical Maintenance will be here any  econd.” They hurried to clo e the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and Ron threw the Invi ibility Cloak over them elve  but Hermione remained in view, waiting. Second  later there wa  another pop, and a  mall, ferrety looking wizard appeared before them. “Oh, hello, Mafalda.” “Hello!”  aid Hermione in a quavery voice, “How are you today?” “Not  o good, actually,” replied the little wizard, who looked thoroughly downca t. A  Hermione and the wizard headed for the main road, Harry and Ron crept along behind them. “I’m  orry to hear you’re under the weather,”  aid Hermione, talking firmly over the little wizard and he tried to expound upon hi  problem ; it wa  e ential to  top him from reaching the  treet. “Here, have a  weet.” “Eh? Oh, no thank  –“ “I in i t!”  aid Hermione aggre ively,  haking the bag of pa tille  in hi  face. Looking rather alarmed, the little wizard took one. The effect wa  in tantaneou . The moment the pa tille touched hi  tongue, the little wizard  tarted vomiting  o hard that he did not even notice a  Hermione yanked a handful of hair  from the top of hi  head. “Oh dear!”  he  aid, a  he  plattered the alley with  ick. “Perhap  you’d better take the day off!” “No – no!” He choked and retched, trying to continue on hi  way de pite being unable to walk  traight. “I mu t – today – mu t go – “ “But that’  ju t  illy!”  aid Hermione, alarmed. “You can’t go to work in thi   tate – I think you ought to go to St. Mungo’  and get them to  ort you out.” The wizard had collap ed, heaving, onto all four ,  till trying to crawl toward the main  treet. “You  imply can’t go to work like thi !” cried Hermione. At la t he  eemed to accept the truth of her word . U ing a repo ed Hermione to claw hi  way back into a  tanding po ition, he turned on the  pot and vani hed, leaving nothing behind but the bag Ron had  natched from hi  hand a  he went and  ome flying chunk  of vomit. “Urgh,”  aid Hermione, holding up the  kirt of her robe to avoid the puddle  of  ick. “It would have made much le  me  to Stun him too.” “Yeah,”  aid Ron, emerging from under the cloak holding the wizard’  bag, “but I  till think a whole pile of uncon ciou  bodie  would have drawn more attention. Keen on hi  job, though, i n’t he? Chuck u  the hair and the potion, then.” Within two minute , Ron  tood before them, a   mall and ferrety a  the  ick wizard, and wearing the navy blue robe  that had been folded in hi  bag. “Weird he wa n’t wearing them today, wa n’t it,  eeing how much he wanted to go? Anyway, I’m Reg Cattermole, according to the label in the back.” “Now wait here,” Hermione told Harry, who wa   till under the Invi ibility Cloak, “and we’ll be back with  ome hair  for you.” He had to wait ten minute , but it  eemed much longer to Harry,  kulking alone in the  ick- plattered alleyway be ide the door concealing the Stunned Mafalda. Finally Ron and Hermione reappeared. “We don’t know who he i ,” Hermione  aid, pa ing Harry  everal curly black hair , “but he’  gone home with a dreadful no ebleed! Here, he’  pretty tall, you’ll need bigger robe  …” She pulled out a  et of the old robe  Kreacher had laundered for them, and Harry retired to take the potion and change. Once the painful tran formation wa  complete he wa  more than  ix feet tall and, from what he could tell from hi  well-mu cled arm , powerfully built. He al o had a beard. Stowing the Invi ibility Cloak and hi  gla e  in ide hi  new robe , he rejoined the other two. “Blimey, that’   cary,”  aid Ron, looking up at Harry, who now towered over him. “Take one of Mafalda’  token ,” Hermione told Harry, “and let’  go, it’  nearly nine.” They  tepped out of the alleyway together. Fifty yard  along the crowded pavement there were  piked black railing  flanking two flight  of  tair , one labeled GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES. “See you in a moment, then,”  aid Hermione nervou ly, and  he tottered off down the  tep  to LADIES. Harry and Ron joined a number of oddly dre ed men de cending into what appeared to be an ordinary underground public toilet, tiled in grimy black and white. “Morning, Reg!” called another wizard in navy blue robe  a  he let him elf into a cubicle by in erting hi  golden token into a  lot in the door. “Blooming pain in the bum, thi , eh? Forcing u  all to get to work thi  way! Who are they expecting to turn up, Harry Potter?” The wizard roared with laughter at hi  own wit. Ron gave a forced chuckle. “Yeah,” he  aid, “ tupid, i n’t it?” And he and Harry let them elve  into adjoining cubicle . To Harry’  left and right came the  ound of flu hing. He crouched down and peered through the gap at the bottom of the cubicle, ju t in time to  ee a pair of booted feet climbing into the toilet next door. He looked left and  aw Ron blinking at him. “We have to flu h our elve  in?” he whi pered. “Look  like it,” Harry whi pered back; hi  voice came out deep and gravelly. They both  tood up. Feeling exceptionally fooli h, Harry clambered into the toilet. He knew at once that he had done the right thing; thought he appeared to be  tanding in water, hi   hoe , feet, and robe  remained quite dry. He reached up, pulled the chain, and next moment had zoomed down a  hort chute, emerging out of a fireplace into the Mini try of Magic. He got up clum ily; there wa  a lot more of hi  body than he wa  accu tomed to. The great Atrium  eemed darker than Harry remembered it. Previou ly a golden fountain had filled the center of the hall, ca ting  himmering  pot  of light over the poli hed wooden floor and wall . Now a gigantic  tatue of black  tone dominated the  cene. It wa  rather frightening, thi  va t  culpture of a witch and a wizard  itting on ornately carved throne , looking down at the Mini try worker  toppling out of fireplace  below them. Engraved in foot-high letter  at the ba e of the  tatue were the word  MAGIC IS MIGHT. Harry received a heavy blow on the back of the leg . Another wizard had ju t flown out of the fireplace behind him. “Out of the way, can’t y – oh,  orry, Runcorn.” Clearly frightened, the balding wizard hurried away. Apparently the man who Harry wa  imper onating, Runcorn, wa  intimidating. “P t!”  aid a voice, and he looked around to  ee a whi py little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance ge turing to him from over be ide the  tatue. Harry ha tened to join them. “You got in all right, then?” Hermione whi pered to Harry. “No, he’   till  tuck in the hog,”  aid Ron. “Oh, very funny … It’  horrible, i n’t it?”  he  aid to Harry, who wa   taring up at the  tatue. “Have you  een what they’re  itting on?” Harry looked more clo ely and realized that what he had thought were decoratively carved throne  were actually mound  of carved human : hundred  and hundred  of naked bodie , men, women, and children, all with rather  tupid, ugly face , twi ted and pre ed together to  upport the weight of the hand omely robed wizard . “Muggle ,” whi pered Hermione, “In their rightful place. Come on, let’  get going.” They joined the  tream of witche  and wizard  moving toward the golden gate  at the end of the hall, looking around a   urreptitiou ly a  po ible, but there wa  no  ign of the di tinctive figure of Dolore  Umbridge. They pa ed through the gate  and into a  maller hall, where queue  were forming in front of twenty golden grille  hou ing a  many lift . They had barely joined the neare t one when a voice  aid, “Cattermole!” They looked around: Harry’   tomach turned over. One of the Death Eater  who had witne ed Dumbledore’  death wa   triding toward them. The Mini try worker  be ide them fell  ilent, their eye  downca t; Harry could feel fear rippling through them. The man’   cowling,  lightly bruti h face wa   omehow at odd  with hi  magnificent,  weeping robe , which were embroidered with much gold thread. Someone in the crowd around the lift  called  ycophantically, “Morning, Yaxley!” Yaxley ignored them. “I reque ted  omebody from Magical Maintenance to  ort out my office, Cattermole. It’   till raining in there.” Ron looked around a  though hoping  omebody el e would intervene, but nobody  poke. “Raining … in your office? That’  – that’  not good, i  it?” Ron gave a nervou  laugh. Yaxley’  eye  widened. “You think it’  funny, Cattermole, do you?” A pair of witche  broke away from the queue for the lift and bu tled off. “No,”  aid Ron, “no, of cour e –“ “You realize that I am on my way down tair  to interrogate your wife, Cattermole? In fact, I’m quite  urpri ed you’re not down there holding her hand while  he wait . Already given her up a  a bad job, have you? Probably wi e. Be  ure and marry a pureblood next time.” Hermione had let out a little  queak of horror. Yaxley looked at her. She cough feebly and turned away. “I – I –“  tammered Ron. “But if my wife were accu ed of being a Mudblood,”  aid Yaxley, “—not that any woman I married would ever be mi taken for  uch filth – and the Head of Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job doing, I would make it my priority to do thi  job, Cattermole. Do you under tand me?” “Ye ,” whi pered Ron. “Then attend to it, Cattermole, and if my office i  not completely dry within an hour, your wife’  Blood Statu  will be in even greater doubt than it i  now.” The golden grille before them clattered open. With a nod and unplea ant  mile to Harry, who wa  evidently expected to appreciate thi  treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley  wept away toward another lift. Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered their , but nobody followed them: It wa  a  if they were infectiou . The grille   hut with a clang and the lift began to move upward. “What am I going to do?” Ron a ked the other two at once; he looked  tricken. “If I don’t turn up, my wife … I mean, Cattermole’  wife – “ “We’ll come with you, we  hould  tick together –“ began Harry, but Ron  hook hi  head feveri hly. “That’  mental, we haven’t got much time. You two find Umbridge, I’ll go and  ort out Yaxley’  office – but how do I  top a raining?” “Try Finite Incantatem,”  aid Hermione at once, “that  hould  top the rain if it’  a hex or cur e; if it doe n’t  omething’  gone wrong with an Atmo pheric Charm, which will be more difficult to fix,  o a  an interim mea ure try Imperviu  to protect hi  belonging  – “ “Say it again,  lowly – “  aid Ron,  earching hi  pocket  de perately for a quill, but at that moment the lift juddered to a halt. A di embodied female voice  aid, “Level four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature , incorporating Bea t, Being, and Spirit Divi ion , Goblin Liai on Office, and Pe t Advi ory Bureau,” and the grille   lid open again, admitting a couple of wizard  and  everal pale violet paper airplane  that fluttered around the lamp in the ceiling of the lift. “Morning, Albert,”  aid a bu hily whi kered man,  miling at Harry. He glanced over at Ron and Hermione a  the lift creaked upward once more; Hermione wa  now whi pering frantic in truction  to Ron. The wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and muttering “Dirk Cre well, eh? From Goblin Liai on? Nice one, Albert. I’m pretty confident I’ll get hi  job now!” He winked. Harry  miled back, hoping that thi  would  uffice. The lift  topped; the grille  opened once more. “Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper U e of Magic Office, Auror Headquarter , and Wizengamot Admini tration Service ,”  aid the di embodied witch’  voice. Harry  aw Hermione give Ron a little pu h and he hurried out of the lift, followed by the other wizard , leaving Harry and Hermione alone. The moment the golden door had clo ed Hermione  aid, very fa t, “Actually, Harry, I think I’d better go after him, I don’t think he know  what he’  doing and if he get  caught the whole thing – “ “Level one, Mini ter of Magic and Support Staff.” The golden grille   lid apart again and Hermione ga ped. Four people  tood before them, two of them deep in conver ation: a long-haired wizard wearing magnificent robe  of black and gold, and a  quat, toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow in her  hort hair and clutching a clipboard to her che t. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTEEN THE MUGGLE-BORN REGISTRATION COMMISSION “Ah, Mafalda!”  aid Umbridge, looking at Hermione. “Traver   ent you, did he?” “Y-ye ,”  queaked Hermione. “God, you’ll do perfectly well.” Umbridge  poke to the wizard in black and gold. “That’  that problem  olved. Mini ter, if Mafalda can be  pared for record-keeping we  hall be able to  tart  traightaway.” She con ulted her clipboard. “Ten people today and one of them the wife of a Mini try employee! Tut, tut… even here, in the heart of the Mini try!” She  tepped into the lift be ide  Hermione, a  did the two wizard  who had been li tening to Umbridge’  conver ation with the Mini ter. “We’ll go  traight down, Mafalda, you’ll find everything you need in the courtroom. Good morning, Albert, aren’t you getting out?” “Ye , of cour e,”  aid Harry in Runcorn’  deep voice. Harry  tepped out of the life. The golden grille  clanged  hut behind him. Glancing over hi   houlder, Harry  aw Hermione’  anxiou  face  inking back out of  ight, a tall wizard on either  ide of her, Umbridge’  velvet hair-bow level with her  houlder. “What bring  you here, Runcorn?” a ked the new Mini ter of Magic. Hi  long black hair and beard were  treaked with  ilver and a great overhanging forehead  hadowed hi  glinting eye , putting Harry in the mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock. “Needed a quick word with,” Harry he itated for a fraction of a  econd, “Arthur Wea ley. Someone  aid he wa  up on level one.” “Ah,”  aid Plum Thickne e. “Ha  he been caught having contact with an Unde irable?” “No,”  aid Harry, hi  throat dry. “No, nothing like that.” “Ah, well. It’  only a matter of time,”  aid Thickne e. “If you a k me, the blood traitor  are a  bad a  the Mudblood . Good day, Runcorn.” “Good day, Mini ter.” Harry watched Thickne e march away along the thickly carpeted corridor. The moment the Mini ter had pa ed out of  ight, Harry tugged the Invi ibility Cloak out from under hi  heavy black cloak, threw it over him elf, and  et off along the corridor in the oppo ite direction. Runcorn wa   o tall that Harry wa  forced to  toop to make  ure hi  big feet were hidden. Panic pul ed in the pit of hi   tomach. A  he pa ed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a  mall plaque with the owner’  name and occupation upon it, the might of the Mini try, it  complexity, it  impenetrability,  eemed to force it elf upon him  o that the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the pa t four week   eemed laughably childi h. They had concentrated all their effort  on getting in ide without being detected: They had not given a moment’  thought to what they would do if they were forced to  eparate. Now Hermione wa   tuck in court proceeding , which would undoubtedly la t hour ; Ron wa   truggling to do magic that Harry wa   ure wa  beyond him, a woman’  liberty po ibly depending on the outcome, and he, Harry, wa  wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly well that hi  quarry had ju t gone down in the lift. He  topped walking, leaned again t a wall, and tried to decide what to do. The  ilence pre ed upon him: There wa  no bu tling or talk or  wift foot tep  here the purple-carpeted corridor  were a  hu hed a  though the Muffliato charm had been ca t over the place. Her office mu t be up here, Harry thought. It  eemed mo t unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelry in her office, but on the other hand it  eemed fooli h not to  earch it to make  ure. He therefore  et off along the corridor again, pa ing nobody but a frowning wizard who wa  murmuring in truction  to a quill that floated in front of him,  cribbling on a trail of parchment. Now paying attention to the name  on the door , Harry turned a corner. Halfway along the next corridor he emerged into a wide, open  pace where a dozen witche  and wizard   at in row  at  mall de k  not unlike  chool de k , though much more highly poli hed and free from graffiti. Harry pau ed to watch them, for the effect wa  quite me merizing. They were all waving and twiddling their wand  in uni on, and  quare  of colored paper were flying in every direction like little pink kite . After a few  econd , Harry realized that there wa  a rhythm to the proceeding , that the paper  all formed the  ame pattern and after a few more  econd  he realized what he wa  watching wa  the creation of pamphlet  – that the paper  quare  were page , which, when a embled, folded and magicked into place, fell into neat  tack  be ide each witch or wizard. Harry crept clo er, although the worker  were  o intent on what they were doing that he doubted they would notice a carpet-muffled foot tep, and he  lid a completed pamphlet from the pile be ide a young witch. He examined it beneath the Invi ibility Cloak. It  pink cover wa  emblazoned with a golden title: Mudblood  and the Danger  They Po e to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society Beneath the title wa  a picture of a red ro e with a  impering face in the middle of it  petal , being  trangled by a green weed with fang  and a  cowl. There wa  no author’  name upon the pamphlet, but again, the  car  on the back of hi  right hand  eemed to tingle a  he examined it. Then the young witch be ide him confirmed hi   u picion a   he  aid,  till waving and twirling her wand, “Will the old hag be interrogating Mudblood  all day, doe  anyone know?” “Careful,”  aid the wizard be ide her, glancing around nervou ly; one of hi  page   lipped and fell to the floor. “What, ha   he got magic ear  a  well a  an eye, now?” The witch glanced toward the  hining mahogany door facing the  pace full of pamphlet-maker ; Harry looked too, and the rage reared in him like a  nake. Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iri  had been  et into the wood – an eye that wa   hockingly familiar to anybody who had known Ala tor Moody. For a  plit  econd Harry forgot where he wa  and what he wa  doing there: He even forgot that he wa  invi ible. He  trode  traight over to the door to examine the eye. It wa  not moving. It gazed blindly upward, frozen. The plaque beneath it read: Dolore  Umbridge Senior Under ecretary to the Mini ter Below that a  lightly  hinier new plaque read: Head of the Muggle-Born Regi tration Commi ion Harry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-maker : Though they were intent upon their work, he could hardly  uppo e that they would not notice if the door of an empty office opened in front of them. He therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object with little waving leg  and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. Crouching down beneath the Cloak, he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground. It  cuttled away at once through the leg  of the witche  and wizard  in front of him. A few moment  later, during which Harry waited with hi  hand upon the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great deal of acrid  moke billowed from a corner. The young witch in the front row  hrieked: Pink page  flew everywhere a   he and her fellow  jumped up, looking around for the  ource of the commotion. Harry turned the doorknob,  tepped into Umbridge’  office, and clo ed the door behind him. He felt he had  tepped back in time. The room wa  exactly like Umbridge’  office at Hogwart : Lace draperie , doilie  and dried flower  covered every  urface. The wall  bore the  ame ornamental plate , each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kitten, gamboling and fri king with  ickening cutene . The de k wa  covered with a flouncy, flowered cloth. Behind Mad-eye’  eye, a tele copic attachment enabled Umbridge to  py on the worker  on the other  ide of the door. Harry took a look through it and  aw that they were all  till gathered around the Decoy Detonator. He wrenched the tele cope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled the magical eyeball out of it, and placed it in hi  pocket. The he turned to face the room again, rai ed hi  wand, and murmured, “Accio Locker.” Nothing happened, but he had not expected it to; no doubt Umbridge knew all about protective charm  and  pell . He therefore hurried behind her de k and began pulling open all the drawer . He  aw quill  and notebook  and Spellotape; enchanted paper clip  that coiled  nakelike from their drawer and had be beaten back; a fu y little lace box full of  pare hair bow  and clip ; but no  ign of a locket. There wa  a filing cabinet behind the de k: Harry  et to  earching it. Like Filch’  filing cabinet at Hogwart , it wa  full of folder , each labeled with a name. It wa  not until Harry reached the bottommo t drawer that he  aw  omething to di tract him from the  earch: Mr. Wea ley’  file. He pulled it out and opened it. Arthur Wea ley Blood Statu : Pureblood, but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leaning . Known member of the Order of the Phoenix. Family: Wife (pureblood),  even children, two younge t at Hogwart . NB: Younge t  on currently at home,  eriou ly ill, Mini try in pector  have confirmed. Security Statu : TRACKED. All movement  are being monitored. Strong likelihood Unde irable No. 1 will contact (ha   tayed with Wea ley family previou ly) “Unde irable Number One,” Harry muttered under hi  breath a  he replaced Mr. Wea ley’  folder and  hut the drawer. He had an idea he knew who that wa , and  ure enough, a  he  traightened up and glanced around the office for fre h hiding place  he  aw a po ter of him elf on the wall, with the word  UNDESIRABLE NO. 1 emblazoned acro  hi  che t. A little pink note wa   tuck to it with a picture of a kitten in the corner. Harry moved acro  to read it and  aw that Umbridge had written, “To be puni hed.” Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the bottom  of the va e  and ba ket  of dried flower , but wa  not at all  urpri ed that the locket wa  not there. He gave the office one la t  weeping look, and hi  heart  kipped a beat. Dumbledore wa   taring at him from a  mall rectangular mirror, propped up on a bookca e be ide the de k. Harry cro ed the room at a run and  natched it up, but realized that the moment he touched it that it wa  not a mirror at all. Dumbledore wa   miling wi tfully out of the front cover of a glo y book. Harry had not immediately noticed the curly green writing acro  hi  hat – The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore – nor the  lightly  maller writing acro  hi  che t: “by Rita Skeeter, be t elling author of Armando Dippet: Ma ter or Moron?” Harry opened the book at random and  aw a full-page photograph of two teenage boy , both laughing immoderately with their arm  around each other’   houlder . Dumbledore, now with elbow-length hair, had grown a tiny wi py beard that recalled the one on Krum’  chin that had  o annoyed Ron. The boy who roared in  ilent amu ement be ide Dumbledore had a gleeful, wild look about him. Hi  golden hair fell in curl  to hi   houlder . Harry wondered whether it wa  a young Doge, but before he could check the caption, the door of the office opened. If Thickne e had not been looking over hi   houlder a  he entered, Harry would not have had time to pull the Invi ibility Cloak over him elf. A  it wa , he thought Thickne e might have caught a glimp e of movement, becau e for a moment or two he remained quite  till,  taring curiou ly at the place where Harry had ju t vani hed. Perhap  deciding that that all he had  een wa  Dumbledore  cratching hi  no e on the front of the book, for Harry had ha tily replaced it upon the  helf. Thickne e finally walked to the de k and pointed hi  wand at the quill  tanding ready in the ink pot. It  prang out and began  cribbling a note to Umbridge. Very  lowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry backed out of the office into the open area beyond. The pamphlet-maker  were  till clu tered around the remain  of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to hoot feebly a  it  moked. Harry hurried off up the corridor a  the young witch  aid, “I bet it  neaked up here from Experimental Charm , they’re  o carele , remember that poi onou  duck?” Speeding back toward the lift , Harry reviewed hi  option . It had never been likely that the locket wa  here at the Mini try, and there wa  no hope of bewitching it  whereabout  out of Umbridge while  he wa   itting in a crowded court. Their priority now had to be to leave the Mini try before they were expo ed, and try again another day. The fir t thing to do wa  to find Ron, and then they could work out a way of extracting Hermione from the courtroom. The lift wa  empty when it arrived. Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak a  it  tarted it  de cent. To hi  enormou  relief, when it rattled to a halt at level two, a  oaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron got in. “M-morning,” he  tammered to Harry a  the lift  et off again. “Ron, it’  me, Harry!” “Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like – why i n’t Hermione with you?” “She had to go down to the courtroom  with Umbridge,  he couldn’t refu e, and –“ But before Harry could fini h the lift had  topped again. The door  opened and Mr. Wea ley walked in ide, talking to an elderly witch who e blonde hair wa  tea ed  o high it re embled an anthill. “… I quite under tand what you’re  aying, Wakanda, but I’m afraid I cannot be party to – “ Mr. Wea ley broke off; he had noticed Harry. It wa  very  trange to have Mr. Wea ley glare at him with that much di like. The lift door  clo ed and the four of them trundled downward once more. “Oh hello, Reg,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, looking around at the  ound of  teady dripping from Ron’  robe . “I n’t your wife in for que tioning today? Er – what’  happened to you? Why are you  o wet?” “Yaxley’  office i  raining,”  aid Ron. He addre ed Mr. Wea ley’   houlder, and Harry felt  ure he wa   cared that hi  father might recognize him if they looked directly into each other’  eye . “I couldn’t  top it,  o they’ve  ent me to get Bernie – Pill worth, I think they  aid –“ “Ye , a lot of office  have been raining lately,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Did you try Meterolojinx Recanto? It worked for Bletchley.” “Meteolojinx Recanto?” whi pered Ron. “No, I didn’t. Thank , D – I mean, thank , Arthur.” The lift door  opened; the old witch with the anthill hair left, and Ron darted pa t her out of  ight. Harry made to follow him, but found hi  path blocked a  Percy Wea ley  trode into the lift, hi  no e buried in  ome paper  he wa  reading. Not until the door  had clanged  hut again did Percy realize he wa  in a lit with hi  father. He glanced up,  aw Mr. Wea ley, turned radi h red, and left the lift the moment the door  opened again. For the  econd time, Harry tried to get out, but thi  time found hi  way blocked by Mr. Wea ley’  arm. “One moment, Runcorn.” The lift door  clo ed and a  they clanked down another floor, Mr. Wea ley  aid, “I hear you had information about Dirk Cre well.” Harry had the impre ion that Mr. Wea ley’  anger wa  no le  becau e of the bru h with Percy. He decided hi  be t chance wa  to act  tupid. “Sorry?” he  aid. “Don’t pretend, Runcorn,”  aid Mr. Wea ley fiercely. “You tracked down the wizard who faked hi  family tree, didn’t you?” “I –  o what if I did?”  aid Harry. “So Dirk Cre well i  ten time  the wizard you are,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quietly, a  the lift  ank ever lower. “And if he  urvive  Azkaban, you’ll have to an wer to him, not to mention hi  wife, hi   on , and hi  friend  –“ “Arthur,” Harry interrupted, “you know you’re being tracked, don’t you?” “I  that a threat, Runcorn?”  aid Mr. Wea ley loudly. “No,”  aid Harry, “it’  a fact! They’re watching your every move –“ “He'  dead,”  aid Harry, “Bellatrix Le trange killed him.” The lift door  opened. They had reached the Atrium. Mr. Wea ley gave Harry a  cathing look and  wept from the lift. Harry  tood there,  haken. He wi hed he wa  imper onating  omebody other than Runcorn…. The lift door  clanged  hut. The barman face wa  impa ive. After a few moment  he  aid, “I'm  orry to hear it, I liked that elf.” Harry pulled out the Invi ibility Cloak and put it back on. He would try to extricate Hermione on hi  own while Ron wa  dealing with the raining office. When the door  opened, he  tepped out into a torch-lit  tone pa ageway quite different from the wood-paneled and carpeted corridor  above. A  the left rattled away again, Harry  hivered  lightly, looking toward the di tant black door that marked the entrance to the Department of My terie . He turned away, lightning lamp  with prod  of hi  wand, not looking at any of them. He  et off, hi  de tination not the black door, but the doorway he remembered on the left hand  ide, which opened onto the flight of  tair  down to the court chamber . Hi  mind grappled with po ibilitie  a  he crept down them: He  till had a couple of Decoy Detonator , but perhap  it would be better to  imply knock on the courtroom door, enter a  Runcorn, and a k for a quick word with Mafalda? Of cour e, he did not know whether Runcorn wa   ufficiently important to get away with thi , and even if he managed it, Hermione’  non-reappearance might trigger a  earch before they were clear of the Mini try…. “You're Aberforth,”  aid Harry to the man'  back. Lo t in thought, he did not immediately regi ter the unnatural chill that wa  creeping over him, a  if he were de cending into fog. It wa  becoming colder and colder with every  tep he took; a cold that reached right down hi  throat and tore at hi  lung . And then he felt that  tealing  en e of de pair, or hopele ne , filling him, expanding in ide him…. He neither confirmed or denied it, but bent to light the fire. Dementor  , he thought. “How did you get thi ?” Harry a ked, walking acro  to Siriu '  mirror, the twin of the one he had broken And a  he reached the foot of the  tair  and turned to hi  right he  aw a dreadful  cene. The dark pa age out ide the courtroom  wa  packed with tall, black-hooded figure , their face  completely hidden, their ragged breathing the only  ound in the place. The petrified Muggle-born  brought in for que tioning  at huddled and  hivering on hard wooden benche . Mo t of them were hiding their face  in their hand , perhap  in an in tinctive attempt to  hield them elve  from the dementor ’ greedy mouth . Some were accompanied by familie , other   at alone. The dementor  were gliding up and down in front of them, and the cold, and the hopele ne , and the de pair of the place laid them elve  upon Harry like a cur e…. nearly two year  before. Fight it, he told him elf, but he knew that he could not conjure a Patronu  here without revealing him elf in tantly. So he moved forward a   ilently a  he could, and with every  tep he took numbne   eemed to  teal over hi  brain, but he forced him elf to think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed him. “Bought it from Dung 'bout a year ago,”  aid Aberforth. "Albu  told me what it wa . Been trying to keep Moving through the towering black figure  wa  terrifying: The eyele  face  hidden beneath their hood  turned a  he pa ed, and he felt  ure that they  en ed him,  en ed, perhap , a human pre ence that  till had  ome hope,  ome re ilience…. an eye out for you." And then, abruptly and  hockingly amid the frozen  ilence, one of the dungeon door  on the left of the corridor wa  flung open and  cream  echoed out of it. Ron ga ped. “No, no, I’m half-blood, I’m half-blood, I tell you! My father wa  a wizard, he wa , look him up, Arkie Alderton, he’  a well known broom tick de igner, look him up, I tell you – get your hand  off me, get your hand  off –“ “The  ilver doe,” he  aid excitedly, “Wa  that you too?” “Thi  i  your final warning,”  aid Umbridge’   oft voice, magically magnified  o that it  ounded clearly over the man’  de perate  cream . “If you  truggle, you will be  ubjected to the Dementor’  Ki .” “What are you talking about?” a ked Aberforth. The man’   cream   ub ided, but dry  ob  echoed through the corridor. “Someone  ent a doe Patronu  to u !” “Take him away,”  aid Umbridge. “Brain  like that, you could be a Death Eater,  on. Haven't I ju t prove my Patronu  i  a goat?” Two dementor  appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, their rotting,  cabbed hand  clutching the upper arm  of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. They glided away down the corridor with him, and the darkne  they trailed behind them  wallowed him from  ight. “Oh,”  aid Ron, “Yeah... well, I'm hungry!” he added defen ively a  hi   tomach gave an enormou  “Next – Mary Cattermole,” called Umbridge. rumble. A  mall woman  tood up;  he wa  trembling from head to foot. Her dark hair wa   moothed back into a bun and  he wore long plain robe . Her face wa  completely bloodle . A   he pa ed the dementor , Harry  aw her  hudder. “I got food,”  aid Aberforth, and he  loped out of the room, reappearing moment  later with a large “Spare u ,”  pat Yaxley. “The brat  of Mudblood  do not  tir our  ympathie .” Mr . Cattermole’   ob  ma ked Harry’  foot tep  a  he made hi  way carefully toward the  tep  that led up to the rai ed platform. The moment he had pa ed the place where the Patronu  cat patrolled, he felt the change in temperature: It wa  warm and comfortable here. The Patronu , he wa   ure, wa  Umbridge’ , and it glowed brightly becau e  he wa   o happy here, in her element, upholding the twi ted law   he had helped to write. Slowly and very carefully he edged hi  way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a  eat behind the latter. He wa  worried about making Hermione jump. He thought of ca ting the Muffliato charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word might cau e Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge rai ed her voice to addre  Mr . Cattermole, and Harry  eized hi  chance. “I’m behind you,” he whi pered into Hermione’  ear. A  he had expected,  he jumped  o violently  he nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which  he wa   uppo ed to be recording the interview, but both Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mr . Cattermole, and thi  went unnoticed. “A wand wa  taken from you upon your arrival at the Mini try today, Mr . Cattermole,” Umbridge wa   aying. “Eight-and-three-quarter inche , cherry, unicorn-hair core. Do you recognize the de cription?” Mr . Cattermole nodded, mopping her eye  on her  leeve. “Could you plea e tell u  from which witch or wizard you took that wand?” He did it in tinctively, without any  ort of plan, becau e he hated the  ight of her walking alone into the dungeon: A  the door began to  wing clo ed, he  lipped into the courtroom behind her. loaf of bread,  ome chee e, and a pewter jug of mead, which he  et upon a  mall table in front of the fire. It wa  not the  ame room in which he had once been interrogated for improper u e of magic. Thi  one wa  much  maller, though the ceiling wa  quite a  high it gave the clau trophobic  en e of being  tuck at the bottom of a deep well. Ravenou , they ate and drank, and for a while there wa   ound of chewing. There were more dementor  in here, ca ting their freezing aura over the place; they  tood like facele   entinel  in the corner  farthe t from the high, rai ed platform. Here, behind a balu trade,  at Umbridge, with Yaxley on one  ide of her, and Hermione, quite a  white-faced a  Mr . Cattermole, on the other. At the foot of the platform, a bight- ilver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized that it wa  there to protect the pro ecutor  from the de pair that emanated from the dementor : That wa  for the accu ed to feel, not the accu er . “Right then,”  aid Aberforth when the had eaten their fill and Harry and Ron  at  lumped dozily in “Sit down,”  aid Umbridge in her  oft,  ilky voice. their chair . "We need to think of the be t way to get you out of here. Can't be done by night, you heard what Mr . Cattermole  tumbled to the  ingle  eat in the middle of the floor beneath the rai ed platform. The moment  he had  at down, chain  clinked out of the arm  of the chair and bound her there. happen  if anyone move  outdoor  during darkne : Caterwauling Charm'   et off, they'll be onto you like “You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?” a ked Umbridge. bowtruckle  on doxy egg . I don't reckon I'll be able to pa  of a  tag a  a goat a  econd time. Wait for daybreak Mr . Cattermole gave a  ingle,  haky nod. when curfew lift , then you can put your Cloak back on and  et out on foot. Get right out of Hog meade, up into “Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?” the mountain , and you'll be able to Di apparate there. Might  ee Hagrid. He'  been hiding in a cave up there with Mr . Cattermole bur t into tear . Grawp ever  ince they tried to arre t him." “I don’t know where he i , he wa   uppo ed to meet me here!” “We're not leaving,”  aid Harry. “We need to get into Hogwart .” Umbridge ignored her. “Don't be  tupid, boy,”  aid Aberforth. “Mother to Mai ie, Ellie and Alfred Cattermole?” Mr . Cattermole  obbed harder than ever. “We've got to,”  aid Harry. “They’re frightened, they think that I might not come home –“ “What you've got to do,”  aid Aberforth, leaning forward, "i  to get a  far from here a  from here a  you “T-took?”  obbed Mr . Cattermole. “I didn’t t-take it from anybody. I b-bought it when I wa  eleven year  old. It – it – it – cho e me.” She cried harder than ever. Umbridge laughed a  oft girli h laugh that made Harry want to attack her. She leaned forward over the barrier, the better to ob erve her victim, and  omething gold  wung forward too, and dangled over the void: the locket. Hermione had  een it;  he let out a little  queak, but Umbridge and Yaxley,  till intent upon their prey, were deaf to everything el e. “No,”  aid Umbridge, “no, I don’t think  o, Mr . Cattermole. Wand  only choo e witche  or wizard . You are not a witch. I have your re pon e  to the que tionnaire that wa   ent to you here – Mafalda, pa  them to me.” Umbridge held out a  mall hand: She looked  o toadlike at that moment that Harry wa  quite  urpri ed not to  ee web  between the  tubby finger . Hermione’  hand  were  haking with  hock. She fumbled in a pile of document  balanced on the chair be ide her, finally withdrawing a  heaf of parchment with Mr . Cattermole’  name on it. “That’  – that’  pretty, Dolore ,”  he  aid, pointing at the pendant gleaming in the ruffled fold  of Umbridge’  blou e. “What?”  napped Umbridge, glancing down. “Oh ye  – an old family heirloom,”  he  aid, patting the locket lying on her large bo om. “The S  tand  for Selwyn…. I am related to the Selwyn …. Indeed, there are few pure-blood familie  to whom I am not related. …A pity,”  he continued in a louder voice, flicking through Mr . Cattermole’  que tionnaire, “that the  ame cannot be  aid for you. ‘Parent  profe ion : greengrocer ’.” Yaxley laughed jeeringly. Below, the fluffy  ilver cat patrolled up and down, and the dementor   tood waiting in the corner . It wa  Umbridge’  lie that brought the blood  urging into Harry’  brain and obliterated hi   en e of caution – that the locket  he had taken a  a bribe from a petty criminal wa  being u ed to bol ter her own pure-blood credential . He rai ed hi  wand, not even troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invi ibility Cloak, and  aid, “Stupefy!” There wa  a fla h of red light; Umbridge crumpled and her forehead hit the edge of the balu trade: Mr . Cattermole’  paper   lid off her lap onto the floor and, down below, the prowling  ilver cat vani hed. Ice-cold air hit them like an oncoming wind: Yaxley, confu ed, looked around for the  ource of the trouble and  aw Harry’  di embodied hand and wand pointing at him. He tried to draw hi  own wand, but too late: “Stupefy!” Yaxley  lid to the ground to lie curled on the floor. “Harry!” “Hermione, if you think I wa  going to  it here and let her pretend –“ “Harry, Mr . Cattermole!” Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invi ibility Cloak; down below, the dementor  had moved out of their corner ; they were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: Whether becau e the Patronu  had vani hed or becau e they  en ed that their ma ter  were no longer in control, they  eemed to have abandoned re traint. Mr . Cattermole let out a terrible  cream of fear a  a  limy,  cabbed hand gra ped her chin and forced her face back. “EXPECTO PATRONUM!” The  ilver  tag  oared from the tip of Harry’  wand and leaped toward the dementor , which fell back and melted into the dark  hadow  again. The  tag’  light, more powerful and more warming than the cat’  protection, filled the whole dungeon a  it cantered around the room. “Get the Horcrux,” Harry told Hermione. He ran back down the  tep ,  tuffing the Invi ibility Cloak into hi  back, and approached Mr . Cattermole. “You?”  he whi pered, gazing into hi  face. “But – but Reg  aid you were the one who  ubmitted my name for que tioning!” “Did I?” muttered Harry, tugging at the chain  binding her arm , “Well, I’ve had a change of heart. Diffindo!” Nothing happened. “Hermione, how do I get rid of the e chain ?” “Wait, I’m trying  omething up here –“ “Hermione, we’re  urrounded by dementor !” “I know that, Harry, but if  he wake  up and the locket’  gone – I need to duplicate it – Geminio! There… That  hould fool her….” Hermione came running down tair . “Let’   ee…. Rela hio!” The chain  clinked and withdrew into the arm  of the chair. Mr . Cattermole looked ju t a  frightened a  ever before. “I don’t under tand,”  he whi pered. “You’re going to leave here with u ,”  aid Harry, pulling her to her feet. “Go home, grab your children, and get out, get out of the country if you’ve got to. Di gui e your elve  and run. You’ve  een how it i , you won’t get anything like a fair hearing here.” “Harry,”  aid Hermione, “how are we going to get out of here with all tho e dementor  out ide the door?” “Patronu e ,”  aid Harry, pointing hi  wand at hi  own. The  tag  lowed and walked,  till gleaming brightly, toward the door. “A  many a  we can mu ter; do your , Hermione.” “Expec – Expecto patronum,”  aid Hermione. Nothing happened. “It’  the only  pell  he ever ha  trouble with,” Harry told a completely bemu ed Mr . Cattermole. “Bit unfortunate, really… Come on Hermione….” ‘Expecto patronum!” A  ilver otter bur t from the end of Hermione’  wand and  wam gracefully through the air to join the  tag. “C’mon,”  aid Harry, and he led Hermione and Mr . Cattermole to the door. When the Patronu e  glided out of the dungeon there were crie  of  hock from the people waiting out ide. Harry looked around; the dementor  were falling back on both  ide  of them, melding into the darkne ,  cattering before the  ilver creature . “It’  been decided that you  hould all go home and go into hiding with your familie ,” Harry told the waiting Muggle-born, who were dazzled by the light of the Patronu e  and  till cowering  lightly. “Go abroad if you can. Ju t get well away from the Mini try. That’  the – er – new official po ition. Now, if you’ll ju t follow the Patronu e , you’ll be able to leave the Atrium.” They managed to get up the  tone  top  without being intercepted, but a  they approached the lift  Harry  tarted to have mi giving . If they emerged into the Atrium with a  ilver  tag, and otter  oaring along ide it, and twenty or  o people, half of them accu ed Muggle-born , he could not help feeling that they would attract unwanted attention. He had ju t reached thi  unwelcome conclu ion when the lift clanged to a halt in front of them. “Reg!”  creamed Mr . Cattermole, and  he threw her elf into Ron’  arm . “Runcorn let me out, he attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and he’  told all of u  to leave the country. I think we’d better do it, Reg, I really do, let’  hurry home and fetch the children and – why are you  o wet?” “Water,” muttered Ron, di engaging him elf. “Harry, they know there are intruder  in ide the Mini try,  omething about a hole in Umbridge’  office door. I reckon we’ve got five minute  if that –“ Hermione’  Patronu  vani hed with a pop a   he turned a horror  truck face to Harry. “Harry, if we’re trapped here – !” “We won’t be if we move fa t,”  aid Harry. He addre ed the  ilent group behind them, who were all gawping at him. “Who’  got wand ?” About half of them rai ed their hand . “Okay, all of you who haven’t got wand  need to attach your elf to  omebody who ha . We’ll need to be fa t before they  top u . Come on.” They managed to cram them elve  into two lift . Harry’  Patronu   tood  entinel before the golden grille  a  they  hut and the lift  began to ri e. “Level eight,”  aid the witch’  cool voice, “Atrium.” Harry knew at once that they were in trouble. The Atrium wa  full of people moving from fireplace to fireplace,  ealing them off. “Harry!”  queaked Hermione. “What are we going to – ?” “STOP!” Harry thundered, and the powerful voice of Runcorn echoed through the Atrium: The wizard   ealing the fireplace  froze. “Follow me,” he whi pered to the group of terrified Muggle-born , who moved forward in a huddle,  hepherded by Ron and Hermione. “What’  up, Albert?”  aid the  ame balding wizard who had followed Harry out of the fireplace earlier. He looked nervou . “Thi  lot need to leave before you  eal the exit ,”  aid Harry with all the authority he could mu ter. The group of wizard  in front of him looked at one another. “We’ve been told to  eal all exit  and not let anyone –“ “Are you contradicting me?” Harry blu tered. “Would you like me to have your family tree examined, like I had Dirk Cre well’ ?” “Sorry!” ga ped the balding wizard, backing away. “I didn’t mean nothing, Albert, but I thought… I thought they were in for que tioning and…” “Their blood i  pure,”  aid Harry, and hi  deep voice echoed impre ively through the hall. “Purer than many of your , I dare ay. Off you go,” he boomed to the Muggle-born , who  curried forward into the fireplace  and began to vani h in pair . The Mini try wizard  hung back,  ome looking confu ed, other   cared and fearful. Then: “Mary!” Mr . Cattermole looked over her  houlder. The real Reg Cattermole, no longer vomiting but pale and wan, had ju t come running out of a lift. “R- Reg?” She looked from her hu band to Ron, who  wore loudly. The balding wizard gaped, hi  head turning ludicrou ly from one Reg Cattermole to the other. “Hey – what’  going on? What i  thi ?” “Seal the exit! SEAL IT!” Yaxley had bur t out of another lift and wa  running toward the group be ide the fireplace , into which all of the Muggle-born  but Mr . Cattermole had now vani hed. A  the balding wizard lifted hi  wand, Harry rai ed an enormou  fi t and punched him,  ending him flying through the air. “He’  been helping Muggle-born  e cape, Yaxley!” Harry  houted. The balding wizard’  colleague   et up and uproar, under cover of which Ron grabbed Mr . Cattermole, pulled her into the  till-open fireplace, and di appeared. Confu ed, Yaxley looked from Harry to the punched wizard, while the real Reg Cattermole  creamed, “My wife! Who wa  that with my wife? What’  going on?” Harry  aw Yaxley’  head turn,  aw an inkling of truth dawn on that bruti h face. “Come on!” Harry  houted at Hermione; he  eized her hand and they jumped into the fireplace together a  Yaxley’  cur e  ailed over Harry’  head. They  pun for a few  econd  before  hooting up out of a toilet into a cubicle. Harry flung open the door: Ron wa   tanding there be ide the  ink ,  till wre tling with Mr . Cattermole. “Reg, I don’t under tand –“ “Let go, I’m not your hu band, you’ve got to go home!” There wa  a noi e in the cubicle behind them; Harry looked around; Yaxley had ju t appeared. “LET’S GO!” Harry yelled. He  eized Hermione by the hand and Ron by the arm and turned on the  top. Darkne  engulfed them, along with the  en ation of compre ing hand , but  omething wa  wrong…. Hermione’  hand  eemed to be  liding out of hi  grip…. He wondered whether he wa  going to  uffocate; he could not breathe or  ee and the only  olid thing  in the world were Ron’  arm and Hermione’  finger , which were  lowly  lipping away…. And then he  aw the door to number twelve, Grimmauld Place , with it   erpent door knocker, but before he could draw breath, there wa  a  cream and a fla h of purple light: Hermione’  hand wa   uddenly vicelike upon hi  and everything went dark again. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER FOURTEEN THE THIREF Harry opened hi  eye  and wa  dazzled by gold and green; he had no idea what had happened, he only knew that he wa  lying on what  eemed to be leave  and twig . Struggling to draw breath into lung  that felt flattened, he blinked and realized that the gaudy glare wa   unlight  treaming through a canopy of leave  far above him. Then an object twitched clo e to hi  face. He pu hed him elf onto hi  hand  and knee , ready to face  ome  mall, fierce creature, but  aw that the object wa  Ron’  foot. Looking around, Harry  aw that they and Hermione were lying on a fore t floor, apparently alone. Harry’  fir t thought wa  of the Forbidden Fore t , and for a moment, even though he knew how fooli h and dangerou  it would be for them to appear in the ground  of Hogwart , hi  heart leapt at the thought of  neaking through the tree  to Hagrid’  hut. However, in the few moment  it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to  tart crawling toward him, he realized that thi  wa  not the Forbidden Fore t; The tree  looked younger, they were more widely  paced, the ground clearer. He met Hermione, al o on her hand  and knee , at Ron’  head. The moment hi  eye  fell upon Ron, all other concern  fled Harry’  mind, for blood drenched the whole of Ron’  left  ide and hi  face  tood out, grayi h-white, again t the leaf- trewn earth. The Polyjuice Potion wa  wearing off now: Ron wa  halfway between Cattermole and him elf in appearance, hi  hair turning redder and redder a  hi  face drained of the little color it had left. “What’  happened to him?” “Splinched,”  aid Hermione, her finger  already bu y at Ron’   leeve, where the blood wa  wette t and darke t. Harry watched, horrified, a   he tore open Ron’   hort. He had alway  thought of Splinching a   omething comical, but thi  . . . Hi  in ide  crawled unplea antly a  Hermione laid bare Ron’  upper arm, where a great chunk of fle h wa  mi ing,  cooped cleanly away a  though by a knife. “Harry, quickly, in my bag, there’  a  mall bottle labeled ‘E ence of Dittany’– “ “Bag – right –“ Harry  ped to the place where Hermione had landed,  eized the tiny beaded bag, and thru t hi  hand in ide it. At once, object after object began pre enting it elf to hi  touch: He felt the leather  pine  of book , woolly  leeve  of jumper , heel  of  hoe  – “Quickly!” He grabbed hi  wand from the ground and pointed it into the depth  of the magical bag. “Accio Dittany!” A  mall brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he caught it and ha tened back to Hermione and Ron, who e eye  were now half-clo ed,  trip  of white eyeball all that were vi ible between hi  lid . “He’  fainted,”  aid Hermione, who wa  al o rather pale;  he no longer looked like Mafalda, though her hair wa   till gray in place . “Un topper it for me, Harry, my hand  are  haking.” Harry wrenched the  topper off the little bottle, Hermione took it and poured three drop  of the potion onto the bleeding wound. Greeni h  moke billowed upward and when it had cleared, Harry  aw that the bleeding had  topped. The wound now looked  everal day  old; new  kin  tretched over what had ju t been open fle h. “Wow,”  aid Harry. “It’  all I feel  afe doing,”  aid Hermione  hakily. “There are  pell  that would put him completely right, but I daren’t try in ca e I do them wrong and cau e more damage. . . . He’  lo t  o much blood already. . . .” “How did he get hurt? I mean” – Harry  hook hi  head, trying to clear it, to make  en e of whatever had ju t taken place – “why are we here? I thought we were going back to Grimmauld Place ?” Hermione took a deep breath. She looked clo e to tear . “Harry, I don’t think we’re going to be able to go back there.” “What d’you – ?” “A  we Di apparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn’t get rid of him, he wa  too  trong, and he wa   till holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and then – well, I think he mu t have  een the door, and thought we were  topping there,  o he  lackened hi  grip and I managed to  ake him off and I brought u  here in tead!” “But then, where’  he? Hang on. . . . You don’t mean he’  at Grimmauld Place ? He can’t get in there?” Her eye   parkled with un hed tear  a   he nodded. “Harry, I think he can. I – I forced him to let go with a Revul ion Jinx, but I’d already taken him in ide the Fideliu  Charm’  protection. Since Dumbledore died, we’re Secret-Keeper ,  o I’ve given him the  ecret, haven’t I?” There wa  no pretending; Harry wa   ure  he wa  right. It wa  a  eriou  blow. If Yaxley could now get in ide the hou e, there wa  no way that they could return. Even now, he could be bringing other Death Eater  in there by Apparition. Gloomy and oppre ive though the hou e wa , it had been their one  afe refuge; even, now that Kreacher wa   o much happier and friendlier, a kind of home. With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the hou e-elf bu ying him elf over the  teak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat. “Harry, I’m  orry, I’m  o  orry!” “Don’t be  tupid, it wa n’t your fault! If anything, it wa  mine. . . .” Harry put hi  hand in hi  pocket and drew out Mad-Eye’  eye. Hermione recoiled, looking horrified. “Umbridge had  tuck it to her office door, to  py on people. I couldn’t leave it there . . . but that’  how they knew there were intruder .” Before Hermione could an wer, Ron groaned and opened hi  eye . He wa   till gray and hi  face gli tened with  weat. “How d’you feel?” Hermione whi pered. “Lou y,” croaked Ron, wincing a  he felt hi  injured arm. “Where are we?” “In the wood  where they held the Quidditch World Cup,”  aid Hermione. “I wanted  omewhere enclo ed, undercover, and thi  wa  –“ “– the fir t place you thought of,” Harry fini hed for her, glancing around at the apparently de erted glade. He could not help remembering what had happened the la t time they had Apparated to the fir t place Hermione had thought of – how Death Eater  had found them within minute . Had it been Legilimency? Did Voldemort or hi  henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken them? “D’you reckon we  hould move on?” Ron a ked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Ron’  face that he wa  thinking the  ame. “I dunno.” Ron  till looked pale and clammy. He had made no attempt to  it up and it looked a  though he wa  too weak to do  o. The pro pect of moving him wa  daunting. “Let’   tay here for now,” Harry  aid. Looking relieved, Hermione  prang to her feet. “Where are you going?” a ked Ron. “If we’re  taying, we  hould put  ome protective enchantment  around the place,”  he replied, and rai ing her wand,  he began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron, murmuring incantation  a   he went. Harry  aw little di turbance  in the  urrounding air: It wa  a  if Hermione had ca t a heat haze upon their clearing. “Salvio Hexia . . . Protego Totalum . . . Repello Muggletum . . . Muffliato . . . You could get out the tent, Harry. . . .” “Tent?” “In the bag!” “In the . . . of cour e,”  aid Harry. He did not bother to grope in ide it thi  time, but u ed another Summoning Charm. The tent emerged in a lumpy ma  of canva , rope , and pole . Harry recognized it, partly becau e of the  mell of cat , a  the  ame tent in which they had  lept on the night of the Quidditch World Cup. “I thought thi  belonged to that bloke Perkin  at the Mini try?” he a ked,  tarting to di entangle the pent peg . “Apparently he didn’t want it back, hi  lumbago’   o bad,”  aid Hermione, now performing complicated figure-of-eight movement  with her wand. “ o Ron’  dad  aid I could borrow it. Erecto!”  he added, pointing her wand at the mi hapen canva , which in one fluid motion ro e into the air and  ettled, fully con tructed, onto the ground before Harry, out of who e  tartled hand  a tent peg  oared, to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope. “Cave Inimicum,” Hermione fini hed with a  kyward flouri h. “That’  a  much a  I can do. At the very lea t, we  hould know they’re coming; I can’t guarantee it will keep out Vol –“ “Don’t  ay the name!” Ron cut acro  her, hi  voice har h. Harry and Hermione looked at each other. “I’m  orry,” Ron  aid, moaning a little a  he rai ed him elf to look at them, “but it feel  like a – a jinx or  omething. Can’t we call him You-Know-Who – plea e?” “Dumbledore  aid fear of a name –“ began Harry. “In ca e you hadn’t noticed, mate, calling You-Know-Who by hi  name didn’t do Dumbledore much good in the end,” Ron  napped back. “Ju t – ju t  how You-Know-Who  ome re pect, will you?” “Re pect?” Harry repeated, but Hermione  hot him a warning look; apparently he wa  not to argue with Ron while the latter wa  in  uch a weakened condition. Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron through the entrance of the tent. The interior wa  exactly a  Harry remembered it; a  mall flat, complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen. He  hoved a ide an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower berth of a bunk bed. Even thi  very  hort journey had turned Ron whiter  till, and once they had  ettled him on the mattre  he clo ed hi  eye  again and did not  peak for a while. “I’ll make  ome tea,”  aid Hermione breathle ly, pulling kettle and mug  from the depth  of her bag and heading toward the kitchen. Harry found the hot drink a  welcome a  the firewhi ky had been on the night that Mad-Eye had died; it  eemed to burn away a little of the fear fluttering in hi  che t. After a minute or two, Ron broke the  ilence. “What d’you reckon happened to the Cattermole ?” “With any luck, they’ll have got away,”  aid Hermione, clutching her hot mug for comfort. “A  long a  Mr. Cattermole had hi  wit  about him, he’ll have tran ported Mr . Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they’ll be fleeing the country right now with their children. That’  what Harry told her to do.” “Blimey, I hope they e caped,”  aid Ron, leaning back on hi  pillow . The tea  eemed to be doing him good; a little of hi  color had returned. “I didn’t get the feeling Reg Cattermole wa  all that quick-witted, though, the way everyone wa  talking to me when I wa  him. God, I hope they made it. . . . If they both end up in Azkaban becau e of u  . . .” Harry looked over at Hermione and the que tion he had been about to a k – about whether Mr . Cattermole’  lack of a wand would prevent her Apparating along ide her hu band – died in hi  throat. Hermione wa  watching Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermole , and there wa   uch tenderne  in her expre ion that Harry felt almo t a  if he had  urpri ed her in the act of ki ing him. “So, have you got it?” Harry a ked her, partly to remind her that he wa  there. “Got – got what?”  he  aid with a little  tart. “What did we ju t go through all that for? The locket! Where’  the locket?” “You got it?”  houted Ron, rai ing him elf a little higher on hi  pillow . “No one tell  me anything! Blimey, you could have mentioned it!” “Well, we were running for our live  from the Death Eater , weren’t we?”  aid Hermione. “Here.” And  he pulled the locket out of the pocket of her robe  and handed it to Ron. It wa  a  large a  a chicken’  egg. An ornate letter S, inlaid with many  mall green  tone , glinted dully in the diffu ed light  hining through the tent’  canva  roof. “There i n’t any chance  omeone’  de troyed it  ince Kreacher had it?” a ked Ron hopefully. “I mean, are we  ure it’   till a Horcrux?” “I think  o,”  aid Hermione, taking it back from him and looking at it clo ely. “There’d be  ome  ign of damage if it had been magically de troyed.” She pa ed it to Harry, who turned it over in hi  finger . The thing looked perfect, pri tine. He remembered the mangled remain  of the diary, and how the  tone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked open when Dumbledore de troyed it. “I reckon Kreacher’  right,”  aid Harry. “We’re going to have to work out how to open thi  thing before we can de troy it.” Sudden awarene  of what he wa  holding, of what lived behind the little golden door , hit Harry a  he  poke. Even after all their effort  to find it, he felt a violent urge to fling the locket from him. Ma tering him elf again, he tried to pri e the locket apart with hi  finger , then attempted the charm Hermione had u ed to open Regulu ’  bedroom door. Neither worked. He handed the locket back to Ron and Hermione, each of whom did their be t, but were no more  ucce ful at opening it than he had been. “Can you feel it, though?” Ron a ked in a hu hed voice, a  he held it tight in hi  clenched fi t. “What d’you mean?” Ron pa ed the Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or two, Harry thought he knew what Ron meant. Wa  it hi  own blood pul ing through hi  vein  that he could feel, or wa  it  omething beating in ide the locket, like a tiny metal heart? “What are we going to do with it?” Hermione a ked. “Keep it  afe till we work out how to de troy it.” Harry replied, and, little though he wanted to, he hung the chain around hi  own neck, dropping the locket out of  ight beneath hi  robe , where it re ted again t hi  che t be ide the pouch Hagrid had given him. “I think we  hould take it in turn  to keep watch out ide the tent,” he added to Hermione,  tanding up and  tretching. “And we’ll need to think about  ome food a  well. You  tay there,” he added  harply, a  Ron attempted to  it up and turned a na ty  hade of green. With the Sneako cope Hermione had given Harry for hi  birthday  et carefully upon the table in the tent, Harry and Hermione  pent the re t of the day  haring the role of lookout. However, the Sneako cope remained  ilent and  till upon it  point all day, and whether becau e of the protective enchantment  and Muggle-repelling charm  Hermione had  pread around them, or becau e people rarely ventured thi  way, their patch of wood remained de erted, apart from occa ional bird  and  quirrel . Evening brought no change; Harry lit hi  wand a  he  wapped place  with Hermione at ten o’clock, and looked out upon a de erted  cene, noting the bat  fluttering high above him acro  the  ingle patch of  tarry  ky vi ible from their protected clearing. He felt hungry now, and a little light-headed. Hermione had not packed any food in her magical bag, a   he had a umed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place that night,  o they had had nothing to eat except  ome wild mu hroom  that Hermione had collected from among t the neare t tree  and  tewed in a Billycan. After a couple of mouthful  Ron had pu hed hi  portion away, looking quea y; Harry had only per evered  o a  to not hurt Hermione’  feeling . The  urrounding  ilence wa  broken by odd ru tling  and what  ounded like cracking  of twig : Harry thought that they were cau ed by animal  rather than people, yet he kept hi  wand held tight at the ready. Hi  in ide , already uncomfortable due to their inadequate helping of rubbery mu hroom , tingled with unea e. He had though that he would feel elated if they managed to  teal back the Horcrux, but  omehow he did not; all he felt a  he  at looking out at the darkne , of which hi  wand lit only a tiny part, wa  worry about what would happen next. It wa  a  though he had been hurtling toward thi  point for week , month , maybe even year , but how he had come to an abrupt halt, run out of road. There were other Horcruxe  out there  omewhere, but he did not have the fainte t idea where they could be. He did not even know what all of them were. Meanwhile he wa  at a lo  to know how to de troy the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that currently lay again t the bare fle h of hi  che t. Curiou ly, it had not taken heat from hi  body, but lay  o cold again t hi   kin it might ju t have emerged from icy water. From time to time Harry thought, or perhap  imagined, that he could feel the tiny heartbeat ticking irregularly along ide hi  own. Namele  foreboding  crept upon him a  he  at there in the dark. He tried to re i t them, pu h them away, yet they came at him relentle ly. Neither can live while the other  urvive . Ron and Hermione, now talking  oftly behind him in the tent, could walk away if they wanted to: He could not. And it  eemed to Harry a  he  at there trying to ma ter hi  own fear and exhau tion, that the Horcrux again t hi  che t wa  ticking away the time he had left. . . . Stupid idea, he told him elf, don’t think that. . . . Hi   car wa   tarting to prickle again. He wa  afraid that he wa  making it happen by having the e thought , and tried to direct them into another channel. He thought of poor Kreacher, who had expected them home and had received Yaxley in tead. Would the elf keep  ilent or would he tell the Death Eater everything he knew? Harry wanted to believe that Kreacher had changed toward  him in the pa t month, that he would be loyal now, but who knew what would happen? What if the Death Eater  tortured the elf? Sick image   warmed into Harry’  head and he tried to pu h the e away too, for there wa  nothing he could do for Kreacher: He and Hermione had already decided again t trying to  ummon him; what if  omeone from the Mini try came too? They could not count on elfi h Apparition being free from the  ame flaw that had taken Yaxley to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermione’   leeve. Harry’   car wa  burning now. He thought that there wa   o much they did not know: Lupin had been right about magic they had never encountered or imagined. Why hadn’t Dumbledore explained more? Had he thought that there would be time; that he would live for year , for centurie  perhap , like hi  friend Nicola  Flamel? If  o, he had been wrong. . . . Snape had  een to that. . . . Snape, the  leeping  nake, who had  truck at the top of the tower . . . And Dumbledore had fallen . . . fallen . . . “Give it to me, Gregorovitch.” Harry’  voice wa  high, clear, and cold, hi  wand held in front of him by a long-fingered white hand. The man at whom he wa  pointing wa   u pended up ide down in midair, though there were no rope  holding him; he  wung there, invi ibly and eerily bound, hi  limb  wrapped about him, hi  terrified face, on a level with Harry’  ruddy due to the blood that had ru hed to hi  head. He had pure-white hair and a thick, bu hy beard: a tru ed-up Father Chri tma . “I have it not, I have it no more! It wa , many year  ago,  tolen from me!” “Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch. He know . . . . He alway  know .” The hanging man’  pupil  were wide, dilated with fear, and they  eemed to  well, bigger and bigger until their blackne   wallowed Harry whole – And how Harry wa  hurrying along a dark corridor in  tout little Gregorovitch’  wake a  he held a lantern aloft: Gregorovitch bur t into the room at the end of the pa age and hi  lantern illuminated what looked like a work hop; wood  having  and gold gleamed in the  winging pool of light, and there on the window ledge  at perched, like a giant bird, a young man with golden hair. In the  plit  econd that the lantern’  light illuminated him, Harry  aw the delight upon hi  hand ome face, then the intruder  hot a Stunning Spell from hi  wand and jumped neatly backward out of the window with a crow of laughter. And Harry wa  hurtling back out of tho e wide, tunnellike pupil  and Gregorovitch’  face wa   tricken with terror. “Who wa  the thief, Gregorovitch?”  aid the high cold voice. “I do not know, I never knew, a young man – no – plea e – PLEASE!” A  cream that went on and on and then a bur t of green light – “Harry!” He opened hi  eye , panting, hi  forehead throbbing. He had pa ed out again t the  ide of the tent, had  lid  ideway  down the canva , and wa   prawled on the ground. He looked up at Hermione, who e bu hy hair ob cured the tiny patch of  ky vi ible through the dark branche  high above them. “Dream,” he  aid,  itting up quickly and attempting to meet Hermione’  glower with a look of innocence. “Mu t’ve dozed off,  orry.” “I know it wa  your  car! I can tell by the look on your face! You were looking into Vol –“ “Don’t  ay hi  name!” came Ron’  angry voice from the depth  of the tent. “Fine,” retorted Hermione, “You-Know-Who’  mind, then!” “I didn’t mean it to happen!” Harry  aid. “It wa  a dream! Can you control what you dream about, Hermione?” “If you ju t learned to apply Occlumency –“ But Harry wa  not intere ted in being told off; he wanted to di cu  what he had ju t  een. “He’  found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think he’  killed him, but before he killed him he read Gregorovitch’  mind and I  aw –“ “I think I’d better take over the watch if you’re  o tired you’re falling  leep,”  aid Hermione coldly. “I can fini h the watch!” “No, you’re obviou ly exhau ted. Go and lie down.” She dropped down in the mouth of the tent, looking  tubborn. Angry, but wi hing to avoid a row, Harry ducked back in ide. Ron’   till-pale face wa  poking out from the lower bunk; Harry climbed into the one above him, lay down, and looked up at the dark canva  ceiling. After  everal moment , Ron  poke in a voice  o low that it would not carry to Hermione, huddle in the entrance. “What’  You-Know-Who doing?” Harry  crewed up hi  eye  in the effort to remember every detail, then whi pered into the darkne . “He found Gregorovitch. He had him tied up, he wa  torturing him.” “How’  Gregorovitch  uppo ed to make him a new wand if he’  tied up?” “I dunno. . . . It’  weird, i n’t it?” Harry clo ed hi  eye , thinking of all that he had  een and heard. The more he recalled, the le   en e it made. . . . Voldemort had  aid nothing about Harry’  wand, nothing about the twin core , nothing about Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand to beat Harry’ . . . . “He wanted  omething from Gregorovitch,” Harry  aid, eye   till clo ed tight. “He a ked him to hand it over, but Gregorovitch  aid it had been  tolen from him . . . and then . . . then . . .” He remembered how he, a  Voldemort, had  eemed to hurtle through Gregorovitch’  eye , into hi  memorie . . . . “He read Gregorovitch’  mind, and I  aw thi  young bloke perched on a window ill, and he fired a cur e at Gregorovitch and jumped out of  ight. He  tole it, he  tole whatever You-Know-Who’  after. And I . . . I think I’ve  een him  omewhere. . . .” Harry wi hed he could have another glimp e of the laughing boy’  face. The theft had happened many year  ago, according to Gregorovitch. Why did the young thief look familiar? The noi e  of the  urrounding wood  were muffled in ide the tent; all Harry could hear wa  Ron’  breathing. After a while, Ron whi pered, “Couldn’t you  ee what the thief wa  holding?” “No . . . it mu t’ve been  omething  mall.” “Harry?” The wooden  lat  of Ron’  bunk creaked a  he repo itioned him elf in bed. “Harry, you don’t reckon You-Know-Who’  after  omething el e to turn into a Horcrux?” “I don’t know,”  aid Harry  lowly. “Maybe. But wouldn’t it be dangerou  for him to make another one? Didn’t Hermione  ay he had pu hed hi   oul to the limit already?” “Yeah, but maybe he doe n’t know that.” “Yeah . . .maybe,”  aid Harry. He had been  ure that Voldemort had been looking for a way around the problem of the twin core ,  ure that Voldemort  ought a  olution from the old wandmaker . . . and yet he had killed him, apparently without a king him a  ingle que tion about wandlore. What wa  Voldemort trying to find? Why, with the Mini try of Magic and the Wizarding world at hi  feet, wa  he far away, intent on the pur uit of an object that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had been  tolen by the unknown thief? Harry could  till  ee the blond-haired youth’  face; it wa  merry, wild; there wa  a Fred and George-i h air of triumphant trickery about him. He had  oared from the window ill like a bird, and Harry had  een him before, but he could not think where. . . . With Gregorovitch dead, it wa  the merry-faced thief who wa  in danger now, and it wa  on him that Harry’  thought  dwelled, a  Ron’   nore  began to rumble from the lower bunk and a  he him elf drifted  lowly into  leep once more. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER FIFTEEN THE GOBLIN’S REVENGE Early next morning, before the other two were awake, Harry left the tent to  earch the wood  around them for the olde t, mo t gnarled, and re ilient-looking tree he could find. There in it   hadow  he buried Mad-Eye Moody'  eye and marked the  pot by gouging a  mall cro  in the bark with hi  wand. It wa  not much, but Harry felt that Mad-Eye would have much preferred thi  to being  tuck on Dolore  Umbridge'  door. Then he returned to the tent to wait for the other  to wake, and di cu  what they were going to do next. Harry and Hermione felt that it wa  be t not to  tay anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, wit the  ole provi o that their next move took them within reach of a bacon  andwich. Hermione therefore removed the enchantment   he had placed around the clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated all the mark  and impre ion  on the ground that might  how they had camped there. Then they Di apparated to the out kirt  of a  mall market town. Once they had pitched the tent in the  helter of a  mall cop e of tree  and  urrounded it with fre hly ca t defen ive enchantment . Harry ventured out under the Invi ibility Cloak to find  u tenance. Thi , however, did not go a  planned. He had barely entered the town when an unnatural chill, a de cending mi t, and a  udden darkening of the  kie  made him freeze where he  tood. “But you can make a brilliant Patronu !” prote ted Ron, when Harry arrived back at the tent empty handed, out of breath, and mouthing the  ingle word, dementor . “I couldn't . . . make one.” he panted, clutching the  titch in hi   ide. “Wouldn't . . . come.” Their expre ion  of con ternation and di appointment made Harry feel a hamed. It had been a nightmari h experience,  eeing the dementor  gliding out of the mu t in the di tance and realizing, a  the paralyzing cold choked hi  lung  and a di tant  creaming filled hi  ear , that he wa  not going to be able to protect him elf. It had taken all Harry'  willpower to uproot him elf from the  pot and run, leaving the eyele  dementor  to glide among t the Muggle  who might not be able to  ee them, but would a uredly feel the de pair they ca t wherever they went. “So we  till haven't got any food.” “Shut up, Ron,”  napped Hermione. “Harry, what happened? Why do you think you couldn't make your Patronu ? You managed perfectly ye terday!” “I don't know.” He  at low in one of Perkin '  old armchair , feeling more humiliated by the moment. He wa  afraid that  omething had gone wrong in ide him. Ye terday  eemed a long time ago: Today me might have been thirteen year  old again, the only one who collap ed on the Hogwart  Expre . Ron kicked a chair leg. “What?” he  narled at Hermione. “I'm  tarving! All I've had  ince I bled half to death i  a couple of toad tool !” “You go and fight your way through the dementor , then,”  aid Harry,  tung. “I would, but my arm'  in a  ling, in ca e you hadn't noticed!” “That'  convenient.” “And what'  that  uppo ed to — ?” “Of cour e!” cried Hermione, clapping a hand to her forehead and  tartling both of them into  ilence. “Harry, give me the locket! Come on,”  he  aid impatiently, clicking her finger  at him when he did not react,“ to Horcrux, Harry, you're  till wearing it!” She held out her hand , and Harry lifted the golden chain over hi  head. The moment it parted contact with Harry'   kin he free and oddly light. He had not even realized that he wa  clammy or that there wa  a heavy weight pre ing on hi   tomach until both  en ation  lifted. “Better?” a ked Hermione. “Yeah, load  better!” “Harry,”  he  aid, crouching down in front of him and u ing the kind of voice he a ociated with vi iting the very  ick, “you don't think you've been po e ed, do you?” “What? No!” he  aid defen ively, “I remember everything we've done while I've bee wearing it. I wouldn't know what I'd done if I'd been po e ed, would I? Ginny told me there were time  when  he couldn't remember anything.” “Hmm,”  aid Hermione, looking down at the heavy locket. “Well, maybe we ought not to wear it. We can ju t keep it in the tent.” “We are not leaving that Horcrux lying around,” Harry  tated firmly. “If we lo e it, if it get   tolen—” “Oh, all right, all right,”  aid Hermione, and  he placed it around her own neck and tucked it out of  ight down the front of her  hirt. “But we'll take turn  wearing it,  o nobody keep  it on too long.” “Great,”  aid Ron irritably, “and now we've  orted that out, can we plea e get  ome food?” “Fine, but we'll go  omewhere el e to find it,”  aid Hermione with half a glance at Harry. “There'  no point  taying where we know dementor  are  wooping around.” In the end they  ettled down for the night in a far flung field belonging to a lonely farm, from which they had managed to obtain egg  and bread. “It'  not  tealing, i  it?” a ked Hermione in a troubled voice, a  they devoured  crambled egg  on toa t. “Not if I left  ome money under the chicken coo?” Ron rolled hi  eye  and  aid, with hi  cheek  bulging, “Er-my-nee, 'oo worry 'oo much. 'Elax!” And, indeed, it wa  much ea ier to relax when they were comfortably well fed. The argument about the dementor  wa  forgotten in laughter that night, and Harry felt cheerful, even hopeful, a  he took the fir t of the three night watche . Thi  wa  their fir t encounter with the fact that a full  tomach meant good  pirit , an empty one, bickering and gloom. Harry wa  lea t  urpri ed by thi , becau e be had  uffered period  of near  tarvation at the Dur ley ’. Hermione bore up rea onably well on tho e night  when they managed to  cavenge nothing but berrie  or  tale bi cuit , her temper perhap  a little  horter than u ual and her  ilence  dour. Ron, however, had alway  been u ed to three deliciou  meal  a day, courte y of hi  mother or of the Hogwart  hou e-elve , and hunger made him both unrea onable and ira cible. Whenever lack of food coincided with Ron'  turn to wear the Horcrux, he became downright unplea ant. “So where next?” wa  hi  con tant refrain. He did not  eem to have any idea  him elf, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plan  while he  at and brooded over the low food  upplie . Accordingly Harry and Hermione  pent fruitle  hour  trying to decide where they might find the other Horcruxe , and how to de troy the one they already got, their conver ation  becoming increa ingly repetitive a  they got no new information. A  Dumbledore had told Harry that be believed Voldemort had hidden the Horcruxe  in place  important to him, they kept reciting, in a  ort of dreary litany, tho e location  they knew that Voldemort had lived or vi ited. The orphanage where he had been born and rai ed: Hogwart , where he had been educated; Borgin and Burk , where he had worked after completing  chool; then Albania , where he had  pent hi  year  of exile: The e formed the ba i  of their  peculation . “Yeah, let'  go to Albania . Shouldn't take more than an afternoon to  earch an entire country,”  aid Ron  arca tically. “There can't be anything there. He'd already made five of hi  Horcruxe  before he went into exile, and Dumbledore wa  certain the  nake i  the  ixth,”  aid Hermione. “We know the  nake'  not in Albania , it'  u ually with Vol—” “Didn't I a k you to  top  ay that?” “Fine! The  nake i  u ually with You-Know-Who—happy?” “Not particularly.” “I can't  ee him hiding anything at Borgin and Burke .”  aid Harry, who had made thi  point many time  before, but  aid it again  imply to break the na ty  ilence. “Borgin and Burke were expert  at Dark object , they would've recognized a Horcrux  traightaway.” Ron yawned pointedly. Repre ing a  trong urge to throw  omething at him, Harry plowed on, “I  till reckon he might have hidden  omething at Hogwart .” Hermione  ighed. “But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry!” Harry repeated the argument he kept bringing out in favor of thi  theory. “Dumbledore  aid in front of me that he never a umed he knew all of Hogwart'   ecret . I'm telling you, if there wa  one place Vol—” “Oi!” “YOU-KNOW-WHO, then!” Harry  houted, goaded pa t endurance. “If there wa  one place that wa  really important to You-Know-Who, it wa  Hogwart !” “Oh, come on,”  coffed Ron. “Hi   chool?” “Yeah, hi   chool! It wa  hi  fir t real home, the place that meant he wa   pecial: it meant everything to him, and even after he left—” “Thi  i  You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you?” inquired Ron. He wa  tugging at the chain of the Horcrux around hi  neck; Harry wa  vi ited by a de ire to  eize it and throttle him. “You told u  that You-Know-Who a ked Dumbledore to give him a job after he left,”  aid Hermione. “That'  right,”  aid Harry. “And Dumbledore thought he only wanted to come back to try and find  omething, probably another founder'  object, to make into another Horcrux?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “But he didn’t get the job, did he?”  aid Hermione. “So he never got the chance to find a founder’  object there and hide it in the  chool!” “Okay, then,”  aid Harry, defeated. “Forget Hogwart .” Without any other lead , they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the Invi ibility Cloak,  earch for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been rai ed. Hermione  tole into a library and di covered from their record  that the place had been demoli hed many year  before. They vi ited it   ite and found a tower block of office . “We could try digging in to foundation ?” Hermione  ugge ted halfheartedly. “He wouldn’t have hidden a Horcrux here,” Harry  aid. He had known it all along. The orphanage had been the place Voldemort had been determined to e cape; he would never have hidden a part of hi   oul there. Dumbledore had  hown Harry that Voldemort  ought grandeur or my tique in hi  hiding place ; thi  di mal gray corner of London wa  a  far removed a  you could imagine from Hogwart  of the Mini try or a building like Gringott , the Wizarding bank , with it  gilded door  and marble floor . Even without any new idea, they continued to move through the country ide, pitching the tent in a different place each night for  ecurity. Every morning they made  ure that they had removed all clue  to their pre ence, then  et off to find another lonely and  ecluded  pot, traveling by Apparition to more wood , to the  hadowy crevice  of cliff , to purple moor , gor e-covered mountain ide , and once a  heltered and pebbly cove. Every twelve hour  or  o they pa ed the Horcrux between them a  though they were playing  ome perver e,  low-motion game of pa -the-parcel, where they dreaded the mu ic  topping becau e the reward wa  twelve hour  of increa ed fear and anxiety. Harry’   care kept prickling. It happened mo t often, he noticed, when he wa  wearing the Horcrux. Sometime  he could not  top him elf reacting to the pain. “What? What did you  ee?” demanded Ron, whenever he noticed Harry wince. “A face,” muttered Harry, every time. “The  ame face. The thief who  tole from Gregorovitch.” And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide hi  di appointment. Harry knew that Ron wa  hoping to bear new  of hi  family or the re t of the Order of the Phoenix , but after all, he, Harry, wa  not a televi ion aerial; he could only  ee what Voldemort wa  thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took hi  fancy. Apparently Voldemort wa  dwelling endle ly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, who e name and whereabout , Harry felt  ure, Voldemort knew no better than he did. A  Harry’   car continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy  wam tantalizingly in hi  memory, he learned to  uppre  any  ign of pain or di comfort, for the other two  howed nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief. He could not entirely blame them, when they were  o de perate for a lean on the Horcruxe . A  the day   tretched into week , Harry began to  u pect that Ron and Hermione were having conver ation  without, and about, him. Several time  they  topped talking abruptly when Harry entered the tent, and twice he came accidentally upon them, huddled a little di tance away, head  together and talking fa t; both time  they fell  ilent when they realized he wa  approaching them and ha tened to appear bu y collecting wood or water. Harry could not help wondering whether they had only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointle  and rambling journey becau e they thought he had  ome  ecret plan that they would learn in due cour e. Ton wa  making no effort to hide hi  bad mood, and Harry wa   tarting to fear that Hermione too wa  di appointed by hi  poor leader hip. In de peration he tried to think of further Horcrux location , but the only one that continued to occur to him wa  Hogwart , and a  neither of the other  thought thi  at all likely, he  topped  ugge ting it. Autumn rolled over the country ide a  they moved through it. They were now pitching the tent on mulche  of fallen leave . Natural mi t  joined tho e ca t by the dementor ; wind and rain added to their trouble . The fact that Hermione wa  getting better at identifying edible fungi could not altogether compen ate for their continuing i olation, the lack of other people’  company, or their total ignorance of what wa  going on in the war again t Voldemort. “My mother,”  aid Ron on night, a  they  at in the tent on a riverbank in Wale  , “can make good food appear out of thin air.” He prodded moodily at the lump  of charred gray fi h on hi  plate. Harry glanced automatically at Ron’  neck and  aw, a  he ha  expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux glinting there. He managed to fight down the impul e to  wear at Ron, who e attitude would, he knew, improve  lightly when the time came to take off the locket. “Your mother can’t produce food out of thin air,”  aid Hermione. “no one can. Food i  the fir t of the five Principal Exception  to Gamp’  Law of Elemental Tran figura—” “Oh,  peak Engli h, can’t you?” Ron  aid, pri ing a fi h out from between hi  teeth. “It’  impo ible to make good food out of nothing! You can Summon it if you know where it i , you can tran form it, you can increa e the quantity if you’ve already got  ome—” “Well, don’t bother increa ing thi , it’  di gu ting,”  aid Ron. “Harry caught the fi h and I did my be t with it! I notice I’m alway  the one who end  up  orting out the food, becau e I’m a girl, I  uppo e!” “No, it’  becau e you’re  uppo ed to be the be t at magic!”  hot back Ron. Hermione jumped up and bit  of roa t pike  lid off her tin plate onto the floor. “You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find the ingredient  and try and charm them into  omething worth eating, and I’ll  it here and pull face  and moan and you can  ee you—” “Shut up!,”  aid Harry, leaping to hi  feet and holding up both hand . “Shut up now!” Hermione looked outraged. “How can you  ide with him, he hardly ever doe  the cook—” “Hermione, be quiet, I can hear  omeone!” He wa  li tening hard, hi  hand   till rai ed, warning them not to talk. Then, over the ru h and gu h of the dark river be ide them, he heard voice  again. He looked around at the Sneako cope. It wa  not moving. “You ca t the Muffliato charm over u , right?” he whi pered to Hermione. “I did everything,”  he whi pered back, “Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Di illu ionment Charm , all of it. They  houldn’t be able to hear of  ee u , whoever they are.” Heavy  cuffing and  craping noi e , plu  the  ound of di lodged  tone  and twig , told them that  everal people were clambering down the  teep, wooded  lope that de cended to the narrow bank where they had pitched the tent. They drew their wand , waiting. The enchantment  they had ca t around them elve  ought to be  ufficient, in the near total darkne , to  hield them from the notice of Muggle  and normal witche  and wizard . If the e were Death Eater , then perhap  their defen e  were about to be te ted by Dark Magic for the fir t time. The voice  became louder but no more intelligible a  the group of men reached the bank. Harry e timated that their owner  were fewer than twenty feet away, but the ca cading river made it impo ible to tell for  ure. Hermione  natched up the beaded bag and  tarted to rummage; after a moment  he drew out three Extendible Ear  and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who ha tily in erted the end  of the fle h-colored  tring  into their ear  and fed the other end  out of the tent entrance. Within  econd  Harry heard a weary male voice. “There ought to be a few  almon in here, or d’you reckon it’  too early in the  ea on? Accio Salmon!” There were  everal di tinct  pla he  and then the  lapping  ound  of fi h again t fle h. Somebody grunted appreciatively. Harry pre ed the Extendable ear deeper into hi  own: Over the murmur of the river he could make out more voice , but they were not  peaking Engli h or any human language he had ever heard. It wa  a rough and unmelodiou  tongue, a  tring of rattling, guttural noi e , and there  eemed to be two  peaker , one with a  lightly lower,  lower voice than the other. A fire danced into life on the other  ide of the canva , large  hadow  pa ed between tent and flame . The deliciou   mell of baking  almon wafted tantalizingly in their direction. Then came the clinking of cutlery on plate , and the fir t man  poke again. “Here, Griphook, Gornuk.” Goblin ! Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded. “Thank you,”  aid the goblin  together in Engli h. “So, you three have been on the run how long?” a ked a new, mellow, and plea ant voice; it wa  vaguely familiar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-faced man. “Six week  . . . Seven . . . I forget,”  aid the tired man. “Met up with Griphook in the fir t couple of day  and joined force  with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have a but of company.” There wa  a pau e, while knive   craped plate  and tin mug  were picked up and replaced on the ground. “What made you leave, Ted?” continued the man. “Knew they were coming for me,” replied mellow-voiced Ted, and Harry  uddenly knew who he wa : Tonk ’  father. “Heard Death Eater  were in the area la t week and decided I’d better run for it. Refu ed to regi ter a  a Muggle-born on principle,  ee,  o I knew it wa  a matter of time, knew I’d have to leave in the end. My wife  hould be okay,  he’  pure-blood. And then I net Dean here, what, a few day  ago,  on?” “Yeah,”  aid another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione  tared at each other,  ilent but be ide  them elve  with excitement,  ure they recognized the voice of Dean Thoma , their fellow Gryffindor. “Muggle-born, eh?” a ked the fir t man. “Not  ure ,”  aid Dean. “My dad left my mum when I wa  a kid. I’ve got no proof he wa  a wizard, though.” There wa   ilence for a while, except for the  ound  of munching; then Ted  poke again. “I’ve got to  ay, Dirk, I’m  urpri ed to run into you. Plea ed, but  urpri ed. Word wa  that you’d been caught.” “I wa ,”  aid Dirk. “I wa  halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it. Stunned Dawli h, and nicked hi  broom. It wa  ea ier than you’d think; I don’t reckon he’  quite right at the moment .Might be Confunded. If  o, I’d like to  hake the hand of the witch or wizard who did it, probably  aved my life.” There wa  another pau e in which the fire crackled and the river ru hed on. The Ted  aid, “And where do you two fit in? I, er, had the impre ion the goblin  were for You-Know-Who, on the whole.” “You had a fal e impre ion,”  aid the higher-voiced of the goblin . “We take no  ide . Thi  i  a wizard ’ war.” “How come you’re in hiding, then?” “I deemed in prudent,”  aid the deeper-voiced goblin. “Having refu ed what I con idered an impertinent reque t, I could  ee that my per on  afety wa  in jeopardy.” “What did they a k you to do?” a ked Ted. “Dutie  ill-befitting the dignity of my race,” replied the goblin, hi  voice rougher and le  human a  he  aid it. “I am not a hou e-elf.” “What about you, Griphook?” “Similar rea on ,”  aid the higher voiced goblin. “Gringott  i  no longer under the  ole control of my race. I recognize no Wizarding ma ter.” He added  omething under hi  breath in Gobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed. “What’  the joke?” a ked Dean. “He  aid,” replied Dirk, “that there are thing  wizard  don’t recognize, either.” There wa  a  hort pau e. “I don’t get it,”  aid Dean. “I had my  mall revenge before I left,,”  aid Griphook in Engli h. “Good man—goblin, I  hould  ay,” amended Ted ha tily. “Didn’t manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high- ecurity vault , I  uppo e?” “If I had, the  word would not have helped him break out,” replied Griphook. Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle. “Dean and I are  till mi ing  omething here,”  aid Ted. “So i  Severu  Snape, though he doe  not know it,”  aid Griphook, and the two goblin  roared with maliciou  laughter. In ide the tent Harry’  breathing wa   hallow with excitement: He and Hermione  tared at each other, li tening a  hard a  they could. “Didn’t you hear about that, Ted?” a ked Dirk. “About the kid  who tried to  teal Gryffindor’   word out of Snape’  office at Hogwart ?” An electric current  eemed to cour e through Harry, jangling hi  every nerve a  he  tood rooted to the  pot. “Never heard a word,”  aid Ted, “Not in the Prophet, wa  it?” “Hardly,” chortled Dirk. “Griphook here told me, he heard about it from Bill Wea ley who work  for the bank. One of the kid  who tried to take the  word wa  Bill’  younger  i ter.” Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, both of whom were clutching the Extendable Ear  a  tightly a  lifeline . “She and a couple of friend  got into Snape’  office and  ma hed open the gla  ca e where he wa  apparently keeping the  word. Snape caught them a  they were trying to  muggle it down the  tairca e. “Ah, God ble  ‘em,”  aid Ted. “What did they think, that they’d be able to u e the  word on You-Know-Who? Or on Snape him elf? “Well, whatever they thought they were going to do with it, Snape decided the  word wa n’t  afe where it wa ,”  aid Dirk. “Couple of day  later, once he’d got the  ay- o from You-Know-Who, I imagine, he  ent it down to London to be kept in Gringott  in tead.” The goblin   tarted to laugh again. “I’m  till not  eeing the joke,”  aid Ted. “It’  a fake,” ra ped Griphook. “The  word of Gryffindor!” “Oh ye . It i  a copy—en excellent copy, it i  true—but it wa  Wizard-made. The original wa  forged centurie  ago by goblin  and had certain propertie  only goblin-made armor po e e . Wherever the genuine  word of Gryffindor i , it i  not in a vault at Gringott  bank.” “I  ee,”  aid Ted. “And I take it you didn’t bother telling the Death Eater  thi /’ “I  aw no rea on to trouble them with the information,”  aid Griphook  mugly, and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirk’  laughter. In ide the tent, Harry clo ed hi  eye , willing  omeone to a k the que tion he needed an wered, and after a minute that  eemed ten, Dean obliged: he wa  (Harry remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny’  too. “What happened to Ginny and all the other ? The one  who tried to  teal it?” “Oh, they were puni hed, and cruelly,”  aid Griphook indifferently. “They’re okay, though?” a ked Ted quickly, “I mean, the Wea ley  don’t need any more of their kid  injured, do they?” “They  uffered no  eriou  injury, a  far a  I am aware,”  aid Griphook. “Lucky for them,”  aid Ted. “With Snape’  track record I  uppo e we  hould ju t be glad they’re  till alive.” “You believe that  tory, then, do you, Ted?” a ked Dirk.” You believe Snape killed Dumbledore? “Cour e I do,”  aid Ted. “You’re not going to  it there and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with it?” “Hard to know what to believe the e day ,” muttered Dirk. “I know Harry Potter,”  aid Dean. “And I reckon he’  the real thing—the Cho en One, or whatever you want to call it.” “Yeah, there’  a lot would like to believe he’  that,  on,”  aid Dirk, “me included. But where i  he? Run for it, by the look  of thing . You’d think if he knew anything we don’t, or had anything  pecial going for him, he’d be out there now fighting, rallying re i tance, in tead of hiding. And you know, the Prophet made a pretty good ca e again t him—” “The Prophet?”  coffed Ted. “You de erve to be lied to if you’re  till reading that much, Dirk. You want the fact , try the Quibbler.” There wa  a  udden explo ion of choking and retching, plu  a good deal of thumping, by the  ound of it. Dirk had  wallowed a fi h bone. At la t he  puttered, “The Quibbler? That lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood’ ?” “It’  not  o lunatic the e day ,”  aid Ted. “You want to give it a look, Xeno i  printing all the  tuff the Prophet’  ignoring, not a  ingle mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkack  in the la t i ue. How long they’ll let him get with it, mind, I don’t know. But Xeno  ay , front page of every i ue, that any wizard who’  again t You-Know-Who ought to make helping Harry Potter their number-one priority.” “Hard to help a boy who’  vani hed off the face of the earth,”  aid Dirk. “Li ten, the fact that they haven’t caught him yet’  one hell of an achievement,”  aid Ted. “I’d take tip  from him gladly; it’  what we’re trying to do,  tay free, i n’t it?” “Yeah, well, you’ve got a point there,”  aid Dirk heavily. “With the whole of the Mini try and all their informer  looking for him, I’d have expected him to be caught by now. Mind, who’  to  ay they haven’t already caught and killed him without publicizing it?” “Ah, don’t  ay that, Dirk,” murmured Ted. There wa  a long pau e filled with more clattering of knive  and fork . When they  poke again it wa  to di cu  whether they ought to  leep on the back or retreat back up the wooded  lope. Deciding the tree  would give better cover, they extingui hed their fire, then clambered back up the incline, their voice  fading away. Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable Ear . Harry, who had found the need to remain  ilent increa ingly difficult the longer they eave dropped, now found him elf unable to  ay more then, “Ginny—the  word—” “I know!”  aid Hermione. She lunged for the tiny beaded bag, thi  time  inking her arm in it right up to the armpit. “Here . . . we . . . are . . .”  he  aid between gritted teeth, and  he pulled at  omething that wa  evidently in the depth  of the bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame came into  ight. Harry hurried to help her. A  they lifted the empty portrait of Phinea  Nigellu  free of Hermione’  bag,  he kept her wand pointing at it, ready to ca t a  pell at any moment. “If  omebody  wapped the real  word for the face while it wa  in Dumbledore’  office,”  he panted, a  they propped the painting again t the  ide of the tent, “Phinea  Nigellu  would have  een it happen, he hang  right be ide the ca e!” “Unle  he wa  a leep,”  aid Harry, but he  till held hi  breath a  Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canva , her wand directed at it  center, cleared her throat, then  aid: “Er—Phinea ? Phinea  Nigellu ?” Nothing happened. “Phinea  Nigellu ?”  aid Hermione again. “Profe or Black? Plea e could we talk to you? Plea e?” “’Plea e’ alway  help ,”  aid a cold,  nide voice, and Phinea  Nigellu   lid into hi  portrait. At one, Hermione cried: “Ob cura!” A black blindfold appeared over Phinea  Nigellu ’  clever, dark eye , cau ing him to bump into the frame and  hriek with pain. “What—how dare—what are you—?” “I’m very  orry, Profe or Black,”  aid Hermione, “but it’  a nece ary precaution!” “remove thi  foul addition at once! Remove it, I  ay! You are ruining a great work of art! Where am I? What i  going on?” “Never mind where we are,”  aid Harry, and Phinea  Nigellu  froze, abandoning hi  attempt  to peel off the painted blindfold. “Can that po ible be the voice of the elu ive Mr. Potter?” “Maybe,”  aid Harry, knowing that thi  would keep Phinea  Nigellu ’  intere t. “We’ve got a couple of que tion  to a k you—about the  word of Gryffindor.” “Ah,”  aid Phinea  Nigellu , now turning hi  head thi  way and that in an effort to catch  ight of Harry, “ye . That  illy girl acted mo t unwi ely there—” “Shut up about my  i ter,”  aid Ron roughly, Phinea  Nigellu  rai ed  uperciliou  eyebrow . “Who el e i  here?” he a ked, turning hi  head from  ide to  ide. “Your tone di plea e  me! The girl and her friend  were foolhardily in the extreme. Thieving from the headma ter.” “They weren’t thieving,”  aid Harry. “That  word i n’t Snape’ .” “It belong  to Profe or Snape’   chool,”  aid Phinea  Nigellu . “Exactly what claim did the Wea ley girl have upon it? She de erved her puni hment, a  did the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity!” “Neville i  not an idiot and Luna i  not an oddity!”  aid Hermione. “Where am I?” repeated Phinea  Nigellu ,  tarting to wre tle with the blindfold again. “Where have you brought me? Why have you removed me from the hou e of my forebear ?” “never mind that! How did Snape puni h Ginny, Neville, and Luna?” a ked Harry urgently. “Profe or Snape  ent them into the Forbidden Fore t , to do  ome work for the oaf, Hagrid.” “Hagrid’  not an oaf!”  aid Hermione  hrilly. “And Snape might’ve though that wa  a puni hment,”  aid Harry, “buy Ginny, Neville, and Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. The Forbidden Fore t . . . they’ve faced plenty wor e than the Forbidden Fore t , big deal!” He felt relieved; he had been imagining horror , the Cruciatu  Cur e at the very lea t. “What we really wanted to know, Profe or Black, i  whether anyone el e ha , um, taken out the  word at all? Maybe it’  been taken away for cleaning—or  omething!” Phinea  Nigellu  pau ed again in hi   truggle  to free hi  eye  and  niggered. “Muggle-born,” he  aid, “Goblin-made armor doe  not require cleaning,  imple girl. Goblin’   ilver repel  mundane dirt, imbibing only that which  trengthen  it.” “Don’t call Hermione  imple,”  aid Harry. “I grow weary of contradiction,”  aid Phinea  Nigellu . “perhap  it i  time for me to return to the headma ter’  office.?” Still blindfolded, he began groping the  ide of hi  frame, trying to feel hi  way out of hi  picture and back into the one at Hogwart . Harry had a  udden in piration. “Dumbledore! Can’t you bring u  Dumbledore?” “I beg your pardon?” a ked Phinea  Nigellu . “Profe or Dumbledore’  portrait—couldn’t you bring him along, here, into your ?” Phinea  Nigellu  turned hi  face in the direction of Harry’  voice. “Evidently it i  not only Muggle-born  who are ignorant, Potter. The portrait  of Hogwart  may commune with each other, but they cannot travel out ide of the ca tle except to vi it a painting of them elve  el ewhere. Dumbledore cannot come here with me, and after the treatment I have received at your hand , I can a ure you that I will not be making a return vi it!” Slightly cre tfallen, Harry watched Phinea  redouble hi  attempt  to leave hi  frame. “Profe or Black,”  aid Hermione, “couldn’t you ju t tell u , plea e, when wa  the la t time the  word wa  taken out of it  ca e? Before Ginny took it out, I mean?” Phinea   norted impatiently. “I believe that the la t time I  aw the  word of Gryffindor leave it  ca e wa  when Profe or Dumbledore u ed it to break open a ring.” Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. Neither of them dared  ay more in front of Phinea  Nigellu , who had at lea t managed to locate the exit. “Well, good night to you,” he  aid a little wa pi hly, and he began to move out of  ight again. Only the edge of hi  hat brim remained in view when Harry gave a  udden  hout. “Wait! Have you told Snape you  aw thi ?” Phinea  Nigellu   tuck hi  blindfolded head back into the picture. “Profe or Snape ha  more important thing  on hi  mind that the many eccentricitie  of Albu  Dumbledore. Good-bye, Potter!” And with that, he vani hed completely, leaving behind him nothing but hi  murky backdrop. “Harry!” Hermione cried. “I know!” Harry  houted. Unable to contain him elf, he punched the air; it wa  more than he had dared to hope for. He  trode up and down the tent, feeling that he could have run a mile; he did not even feel hungry anymore. Hermione wa   qua hing Phinea  Nigellu ’  back into the beaded bag; when  he had fa tened the cla p  he threw the bag a ide and rai ed a  hining face to Harry. “The  word can de troy Horcruxe ! Goblin-made blade  imbibe only that which  trengthen  them—Harry, that  word’  impregnated with ba ili k venom!” “And Dumbledore didn’t five it to me becau e he  till needed it, he wanted to u e it on the locket—” “—and he mu t have realized they wouldn’t let you have it if he put it in hi  will—” “— o he made a copy—” “—and put a fake in the gla  ca e—” “—and he left the real one—where?” They gazed at ea t other Harry felt that the an wer wa  dangling invi ibly in the air above them, tantalizingly clo e. Why hadn’t Dumbledore told him? Or had he, in fact, told Harry, but Harry had not realized it at the time?” “Think!” whi pered Hermione. “Think! Where would he have left it?” “Not at Hogwart ,”  aid Harry, re uming hi  pacing. “Somewhere in Hog meade?”  ugge ted Hermione. “The Shrieking Shack?”  aid Harry. “Nobody ever goe  in there.” “But Snape know  how to get in, wouldn’t that be a bit ri ky?” “Dumbledore tru ted Snape,” Harry reminded her. “Not enough to tell him that he had  wapped the  word ,”  aid Hermione. “Yeah, you’re right!”  aid Harry, and he felt even more cheered at the thought that Dumbledore had had  ome re ervation , however faint, about Snape’  tru tworthine . “So, would he have hidden the  word well away from Hog meade, then? What d’you reckon, Ron? Ron?” Harry looked around. For one bewildered moment he thought that Ron had left the tent, then realized that Ron wa  lying in the  hadow of a bunk, looking  tony. “Oh, remembered me, have you?” he  aid. “What?” Ron  norted a  he  tared up at the under ide of the upper bunk. “You two carry on. Don’t let me  poil your fun.” Perplexed, Harry looked to Hermione for help, but  he  hook her head, apparently a  nonplu ed a  he wa . “What’  the problem?” a ked Harry. “Problem? There’  no problem,”  aid Ron,  till refu ing to look at Harry. “Not according to you, anyway .” There were  everal plunk  on the canva  over their head . It had  tarted to rain. “Well, you’ve obviou ly got a problem,”  aid Harry. “Spit it out, will you?” Ron  wung hi  long leg  off the bed and  at up. He looked mean, unlike him elf. “All right, I’ll  pit it out. Don’t expect me to  kip up and down the tent becau e there’   ome other damn thing we’ve got to find. Ju t add it to the li t of  tuff you don’t know.” “I don’t know?” repeated Harry. “I don’t know?” Plunk, plunk, plunk. The rain wa  falling harder and heavier; it pattered on the leaf- trewn bank all around them and into the river chattering through the dark. Dread dou ed Harry’  jubilation; Ron wa   aying exactly what he had  u pected and feared him to be thinking. “It’  not like I’m not having the time of my life here,”  aid Ron, “you know, with my arm mangled and nothing to eat and freezing my back ide off every night. I ju t hoped, you know, after we’d been running round a few week , we’d have achieved  omething.” “Ron,” Hermione  aid, but in  uch a quiet voice that Ron could pretend not to have heard it over the loud tattoo the rain wa  beating on the tent. “I thought you knew what you’d  igned up for,”  aid Harry. “Yeah, I thought I did too.” “So what part of it i n’t living up to your expectation ?” a ked Harry. Anger wa  coming to hi  defen e now. “Did you think we’d be  taying in five- tar hotel ? Finding a Horcrux every other day? Did you think you’d be back to Mummy by Chri tma ?” “We thought you knew what you were doing!”  houted Ron,  tanding up, and hi  word  Harry like  calding knive . “We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do, we thought you had a real plan!” “Ron!”  aid Hermione, thi  time clearly audible over the rain thundering on the tent roof, but again, he ignored her. “Well,  orry to let you down,”  aid Harry, hi  voice quite calm even though he felt hollow, inadequate. “I’ve been  traight with you from the  tart. I told you everything Dumbledore told me. And in the ca e you haven’t noticed, we’ve found one Horcrux—” “Yeah, and we’re about a  near getting rid of it a  we are to finding the re t of them—nowhere effing near in other word .” “take off the locket, Ron,” Hermione  aid, her voice unu ually high. “Plea e take it off. You wouldn’t be talking like thi  if you hadn’t been wearing it all day.” “Yeah, he would,”  aid Harry, who did not want excu e  made for Ron. “D’you think I haven’t noticed the two of you whi pering behind my back? D’you think I didn’t gue  you were thinking thi   tuff? “Harry, we weren’t—” “Don’t lie!” Ron hurled at her. “You  aid it too, you  aid you were di appointed, you  aid you’d thought he had a bit more to go on than—” “I didn’t  ay it like that—Harry, I didn’t!”  he cried. The rain wa  pounding the tent, tear  were pouring down Hermione’  face, and the excitement of a few minute  before had vani hed a  if it had never been, a  hort-lived firework that had flared and died, leaving everything dark, wet, and cold. The  word of Gryffindor wa  hidden they knew not where, and their were three teenager  in a tent who e only achievement wa  not, yet, to be dead. “So why are you  till here?” Harry a ked Ron. “Search me,”  aid Ron. “Go home then,”  aid Harry. “Yeah, maybe I will!”  houted Ron, and he took  everal  tep  toward Harry, who did not back away. “Didn’t you hear what they  aid about my  i ter? But you don’t give a rat’  fart, do you, it’  only the Forbidden Fore t, Harry I’ve-Faced-Wor e Potter doe n’t care what happened to her in there—well, I do, all right, giant  pider  and mental  tuff—” “I wa  only  aying— he wa  with the other , they were with Hagrid—” “Yeah, I get it, you don’t care! And what about the re t of my family, ‘the Wea ley  don’t need another kid injured,’ did you hear that?”˜ “Yeah, I—” “Not bothered what it meant, though?” “Ron!”  aid Hermione, forcing her way between them. “I don’t think it mean  anything new ha  happened, anything we don’t know about; think, Ron, Bill’  already  cared, plenty of people mu t have  een that George ha  lo t an ear by now, and you’re  uppo ed to be on your deathbed with  pattergroit, I’m  ure that’  all he meant—” “Oh, you’re  ure, are you? Right then, well, I won’t bother my elf about them. It’  all right for you, i n’t it, with your parent   afely out of the way—” “My parent  are dead!” Harry bellowed. “And mine could be going the  ame way!” yelled Ron. “Then GO!” roared Harry. “Go back to them, pretend you’re got over your  pattergroit and Mummy’ll be able to feed you up and—” Ron made a  udden movement: Harry reacted, but before either wand wa  clear of it  owner’  pocket, Hermione had rai ed her own. “Pre tego!”  he cried, and an invi ible  hield expanded between her and Harry on the one  ide and Ron on the other; all of them were forced backward a few  tep  by the  trength of the  pell, and Harry and Ron glared from either  ide of the tran parent barrier a  though they were  eeing each other clearly for the fir t time. Harry felt a corro ive hatred toward Ron: Something had broken between them. “Leave the Horcrux,” Harry  aid. Ron wrenched the chain from over hi  head and ca t the locket into a nearby chair. He turned to Hermione. “What are you doing?” “What do you mean?” “Are you  taying, or what?” “I . . .” She looked angui hed. “Ye —ye , I’m  taying. Ron, we  aid we’d go with Harry, we  aid we’d help—” “I get it. You choo e him.” “Ron, no—plea e—come back, come back!” She wa  impeded by her own Shield Charm; by the time  he had removed it he had already  tormed into the night. Harry  tood quite  till and  ilent, li tening to her  obbing and calling Ron’  name among t the tree . After a few minute   he returned, her  opping hair pla tered to her face. “He’  g-g-gone! Di apparated!” She threw her elf into a chair, curled up, and  tarted to cry. Harry felt dazed. He  tooped, picked up the Horcrux, and placed it around hi  own neck. He dragged blanket  off Ron’  bunk and threw them over Hermione. Then he climbed onto hi  own bed and  tared up at the dark canva  roof, li tening to the pounding of the rain. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER SIXTEEN GODRIC’S HOLLOW When Harry woke the following day it wa   everal  econd  before he remembered what had happened. Then he hoped childi hly, that it had been a dream, that Ron wa   till there and had never left. Yet by turning hi  head on hi  pillow he could  ee Ron'  de erted bunk. It wa  like a dead body in the way it  eem  to draw hi  eye . Harry jumped down from hi  own bed, keeping hi  eye  averted from Ron' . Hermione, who wa  already bu y in the kitchen, did not wi h Harry good morning, but turned her face away quickly a  he went by. He'  gone, Harry told him elf. He'  gone. He had to keep thinking it a  he wa hed and dre ed a  though repetition would dull the  hock of it. He'  gone and he'  not coming back. And that wa  the  imple truth of it, Harry knew, becau e their protective enchantment  meant that it would be impo ible, once they vacated thi   pot, for Ron to find them again. He and Hermione ate breakfa t in  ilence. Hermione'  eye  were puffy and red;  he looked a  if  he had not  lept. They packed up their thing , Hermione dawdling. Harry knew why  he wanted to  pin out their time on the riverbank;  everal time  he  aw her look up eagerly, and he wa   ure  he had deluded her elf into thinking that  he heard foot tep  through the heavy rain, but no red-haired figure appeared between the tree . Every time Harry imitated her, looked around ( for he could not help hoping a little, him elf) and  aw nothing but rain- wept wood , another little parcel of fury exploded in ide him. He could hear Ron  aying, “We thought you knew what you were doing!”, and he re umed packing with a hard knot in the pit of hi   tomach. The muddy river be ide them wa  ri ing rapidly and would  oon  pill over onto their bank. They had lingered a good hour after they would u ually have departed their camp ite. Finally having entirely repacked the beaded bag three time , Hermione  eemed unable to find any more rea on  to delay: She and Harry ga ped hand  and Di apparated, reappearing on a wind wept heather-covered hill ide. The in tant they arrived, Hermione dropped Harry'  hand and walked away from him, finally  itting down on a large rock, her face on her knee ,  haking with what he knew were  ob . He watched her,  uppo ing that he ought to go and comfort her, but  omething kept him rooted to the  pot. Everything in ide him felt cold and tight: Again he  aw the contemptuou  expre ion on Ron'  face. Harry  trode off through the heather, walking in a large circle with the di traught Hermione at it  center, ca ting the  pell  he u ually performed to en ure their protection. They did not di cu  Ron at all over the next few day . Harry wa  determined never to mention hi  name again and Hermione  eemed to know that it wa  no u e forcing the i ue, although  ometime  at night when  he thought he wa   leeping, he would hear her crying. Meanwhile Harry had  tarted bringing out the Marauder'  map and examining it by wandlight. He wa  waiting for the moment when Ron'  labeled dot would reappear in the corridor  of Hogwart , proving that he had returned to the comfortable ca tle, protected by hi   tatu  of pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on the map and after a while Harry found him elf taking it out  imply to  tare at Ginny'  name in the girl'  dormitory, wondering whether the inten ity with which he gazed at it might break into her  leep, that  he would  omehow know he wa  thinking about her, hoping that  he wa  all right. By day, hey devoted them elve  to trying to determine the po ible location  of Gryffindor'   word, but the more they talked about the place  in which Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more de perate and far-fetched their  peculation became. Cudgel hi  brain  though he might, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which he might hide  omething. There were moment  when he did not know whether he wa  angrier with Ron or with Dumbledore. We thought you knew what you were doing ...We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do ... We thought you had a real plan! He could not hide it from him elf: Ron had been right. Dumbledore had left him with virtually nothing. They had di covered one Horcrux, but they had no mean  of de troying it: The other  were a  unattainable a  they had ever been. Hopele ne  threatened to engulf him. He wa   taggered now to think of hi  own pre umption in accepting hi  friend ' offer  to accompany him on thi  meandering, pointle  journey. he knew nothing, he had no idea , and he wa  con tantly, painfully on the alert for any indication  that Hermione too wa  about to tell him that  he had had enough. That  he wa  leaving. They were  pending many evening  in near  ilence and Hermione took to bringing out Phinea  Nigellu '  portrait and propping it up in a chair, a  though he might fill part of the gaping hole left by Ron'  departure. De pite hi  previou  a ertion that he would never vi it them again, Phinea  Nigellu  did not  eem able to re i t the chance to find out more about what Harry wa  up to and con ented to reappear, blindfolded, every few day  of  o. Harry wa  even glad to  ee him, becau e he wa  company, albeit of a  nide and taunting kind. They reli hed any new  about what wa  happening at Hogwart , though Phinea  Nigellu  wa  not an ideal informer. He venerated Snape, the fir t Slytherin headma ter  ince he him elf had controlled the  chool, and they had to be careful not to criticize or a k impertinent que tion  about Snape, or Phinea  Nigellu  would in tantly leave hi  painting. However, he did let drop certain  nippet . Snape  eemed to be facing a con tant, low level of mutiny from a hard core of  tudent . Ginny had been banned from going into Hog meade. Snape had rein tated Umbridge'  old decree forbidding gathering  of three or more  tudent  or any unofficial  tudent  ocietie . From all of the e thing , Harry deduced that Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna along with her, had been doing their be t to continue Dumbledore'  Army. Thi   cant new  made Harry want to  ee Ginny  o badly it felt like a  tomachache; but it al o made him think of Ron again, and of Dumbledore, and of Hogwart  it elf, which he mi ed nearly a  much a  hi  ex-girlfriend. Indeed, a  Phinea  Niggellu  talked about Snape'  crackdown, Harry experienced a  plit  econd of madne  when he imagined  imply going back to  chool to join the de tabilization of Snape’  regime: Being fed and having a  oft bad, and other people being in charge,  eemed the mo t wonderful pro pect in the world at thi  moment. But then he remembered that he wa  Unde irable Number One, that there wa  a ten-thou and Galleon price on hi  head, and that to walk into Hogwart  the e day  wa  ju t a  dangerou  a  walking into the Mini try of Magic. Indeed, Phinea  Nigellu  inadvertently empha ized thi  fact my  lipping in leading que tion  about Harry and Hermione'  whereabout . Hermione  hoved him back in ide the beaded bag every time he did thi , and Phinea  Nigellu  invariably refu ed to reappear for  everal day  after the e unceremoniou  good-bye . The weather grew colder and colder. They did not dare remain in any area too long,  o rather than  taying in the  outh of England, where a hard ground fro t wa  the wor t of their worrie , they continued to meander up and down the country, braving a mountain ide, where  leet pounded the tent; a wide, flat mar h, where the tent wa  flooded with chill water; and a tiny i land in the middle of a Scotti h loch, where  now half buried the tent in the night. They had already  potted Chri tma  Tree  twinkling from  everal  itting room window  before there came an evening when Harry re olved to  ugge t again, what  eemed to him the only unexplored avenue left to them. They had ju t eaten an unu ually good meal: Hermione had been to a  upermarket under the Invi ibility Cloak ( crupulou ly dropping the money into an open till a   he left), and Harry thought that  he might be more per uadable than u ual on a  tomach full of  paghetti Bologne e and tinned pear . He had al o had the fore ight to  ugge t that they take a few hour ’ break from wearing the Horcrux, which wa  hanging over the end of the bunk be ide him. “Hermione?” “Hmm?” She wa  curled up in one of the  agging armchair  with The Tale  of Beedle the Bard. He could not imagine how much more  he could get out of the book, which wa  not, after all, very long, but evidently  he wa   till deciphering  omething in it, becau e Spellman’  Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair. Harry cleared hi  throat. He felt exactly a  he had done on the occa ion,  everal year  previou ly, when he had a ked Profe or McGonagall whether he could go into Hog meade, de pite the fact that he had not per uaded the Dur ley  to  ign hi  permi ion  lip. “Hermione, I’ve been thinking, and –“ “Harry, could you help me with  omething?” Apparently  he had not been li tening to him. She leaned forward and held out The Tale  of Beedle the Bard. “Look at that  ymbol,”  he  aid, pointing to the top of a page. Above what Harry a umed wa  the title of the  tory (being unable to read rune , he could not be  ure), there wa  a picture of what looked like a triangular eye, it  pupil cro ed with a vertical line. “I never took Ancient Rune , Hermione.” “I know that; but it i n’t a rune and it’  not in the  yllabary, either. All along I thought it wa  a picture of an eye, but I don’t think it i ! It’  been inked in, look,  omebody’  drawn it there, it i n’t really part of the book. Think, have you ever  een it before?” “No . . . No, wait a moment.” Harry looked clo er. “I n’t it the  ame  ymbol Luna’  dad wa  wearing round hi  neck?” “Well, that’  what I thought too!” “Then it’  Grindelwald’  mark.” She  tared at him, openmouthed. “What?” “Krum told me . . .” He recounted the  tory that Viktor Krum had told him at the wedding. Hermione looked a toni hed. “Grindelwald’  mark?” She looked from Harry to the weird  ymbol and back again. “I’ve never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. There’  no mention of it in anything I’ve ever read about him.” “Well, like I  ay, Krum reckoned that  ymbol wa  carved on a wall at Durm trang, and Grindelwald put it there.” She fell back into the old armchair, frowning. “That’  very odd. If it’  a  ymbol of Dark Magic, what’  it doing in a book of children’   torie ?” “Yeah, it i  weird,”  aid Harry. “And you’d think Scrimgeour would have recognized it. He wa  Mini ter, he ought to have been expert on Dark  tuff.” “I know. . . . Perhap  he thought it wa  an eye, ju t like I did. All the other  torie  have little picture  over the title .” She did not  peak, but continued to pore over the  trange mark. Harry tried again. “Hermione?” “Hmm?” “I’ve been thinking. I – I want to go to Godric’  Hollow.” She looked up at him, but her eye  were unfocu ed, and he wa   ure  he wa   till thinking about the my teriou  mark on the book. “Ye ,”  he  aid. “Ye , I’ve been wondering that too. I really think we’ll have to.” “Did you hear me right?” he a ked. “Of cour e I did. You want to go to Godric’  Hollow. I agree. I think we  hould. I mean, I can’t think of anywhere el e it could be either. It’ll be dangerou , but the more I think about it, the more likely it  eem  it’  there.” “Er – what’  there?” a ked Harry. At that,  he looked ju t a  bewildered a  he felt. “Well, the  word, Harry! Dumbledore mu t have known you’d want to go back there, and I mean, Godric’  Hollow i  Godric Gryffindor’  birthplace –“ “Really? Gryffindor came from Godric’  Hollow?” “Harry, did you ever even open A Hi tory of Magic?” “Erm,” he  aid,  miling for what felt like the fir t time in month : The mu cle  in hi  face felt oddly  tiff. “I might’ve opened it, you know, when I bought it . . . ju t the once. . . .” “Well, a  the village i  named after him I’d have thought you might have made the connection,”  aid Hermione. She  ounded much more like her old  elf than  he had done of late; Harry half expected her to announce that  he wa  off to the library. “There’  a bit about the village in A Hi tory of Magic, wait . . .” She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extracting her copy of their old  chool textbook, A Hi tory of Magic by Bathilda Bag hot, which  he thumbed through until finding the page  he wanted. “’Upon the  ignature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizard  went into hiding for good. It wa  natural, perhap , that they formed their own  mall communitie  within a community. Many  mall village  and hamlet  attracted  everal magical familie , who banded together for mutual  upport and protection. The village  of Tinwor h in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in York hire, and Ottery St. Catchpole on the  outh coa t of England were notable home  to knot  of Wizarding familie  who lived along ide tolerant and  ometime  Confunded Muggle . Mo t celebrated of the e half-magical dwelling place  i , perhap , Godric’  Hollow, the We t Country village where the great wizard Godric Gryffindor wa  born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizarding  mith, forged the fir t Golden Snitch. The graveyard i  full of the name  of ancient magical familie , and thi  account , no doubt, for the  torie  of haunting  that have dogged the little church be ide it for many centurie .’ “You and your parent  aren’t mentioned.” Hermione  aid, clo ing the book, “becau e Profe or Bag hot doe n’t cover anything later than the end of the nineteenth century. But you  ee? Godric’  Hollow, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindor’   word; don’t you think Dumbledore would have expected you to make the connection?” “Oh yeah . . .” Harry did not want to admit that he had not been thinking about the  word at all when he  ugge ted they go to Godric’  Hollow. For him, the lore of the village lay in hi  parent ’ grave , the hou e where he had narrowly e caped death, and in the per on of Bathilda Bag hot. “Remember what Muriel  aid?” he a ked eventually. “Who?” “You know,” he he itated. He did not want to  ay Ron’  name. “Ginny’  great-aunt. At the wedding. The one who  aid you had  kinny ankle .” “Oh,”  aid Hermione. It wa  a  ticky moment: Harry knew that  he had  en ed Ron’  name in the offing. He ru hed on: “She  aid Bathilda Bag hot  till lived in Godric’  Hollow.” “Bathilda Bag hot,” murmured Hermione, running her index finger over Bathilda’  embo ed name on the front cover of A Hi tory of Magic. “Well, I  uppo e –“ She ga ped  o dramatically that Harry’  in ide  turned over; he drew hi  wand, looking around at the entrance, half expecting to  ee a hand forcing it  way through the entrance flap, but there wa  nothing there. “What?” he  aid, half angry, half relieved. “What did you do that for? I thought you’d  een a Death Eater unzipping the tent, at lea t –“ “Harry, what if Bathilda’  got the  word? What if Dumbledore entru ted it to her?” Harry con idered thi  po ibility. Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now, and according to Muriel,  he wa  “gaga.” Wa  it likely that Dumbledore would have hidden the  word of Gryffindor with her? If  o, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left a great deal to chance: Dumbledore had never revealed that he had replaced the  word with a fake, nor had he  o much a  mentioned a friend hip with Bathilda. Now, however, wa  not the moment to ca t doubt on Hermione’  theory, not when  he wa   o  urpri ingly willing to fall in with Harry’  deare t wi h. “Yeah, he might have done! So, are we going to go to Godric’  Hollow?” “Ye , but we’ll have to think it through carefully, Harry.” She wa   itting up now, and Harry could tell that the pro pect of having a plan again had lifted her mood a  much a  hi . “We’ll need to practice Di apparating together under the Invi ibility Cloak for a  tart, and perhap  Di illu ionment Charm  would be  en ible too, unle  you think we  hould go the whole hog and u e Polyjuice Potion? In that ca e we’ll need to collect hair from  omebody. I actually think we’d better do that, Harry, the thicker our di gui e  the better. . . .” Harry let her talk, nodding and agreeing whenever there wa  a pau e, but hi  mind had left the conver ation. For the fir t time  ince he had di covered that the  word in Gringott  wa  a fake, he felt excited. He wa  about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. It wa  in Godric’  Hollow that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and  pent every  chool holiday. He could have invited friend  to hi  hou e. . . . He might even have had brother  and  i ter . . . . It would have been hi  mother who had made hi   eventeenth birthday cake. The life he had lo t had hardly ever  eemed  o real to him a  at thi  moment, when he knew he wa  about to  ee the place where it had been taken from him. After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted hi  ruck ack from Hermione’  beaded bag, and from in ide it, the photograph album Hagrid had given him  o long ago. For the fir t time in month , he peru ed the old picture  of hi  parent ,  miling and waving up at him from the image , which were all he had left of them now. Harry would gladly have  et out for Godric’  Hollow the following day, but Hermione had other idea . Convinced a   he wa  that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the  cene of hi  parent ’ death ,  he wa  determined that they would  et off only after they had en ured that they had the be t di gui e  po ible. It wa  therefore a full week later – once they had  urreptitiou ly obtained hair  from innocent Muggle  who were Chri tma   hopping, and had practiced Apparating and Di apparating while underneath the Invi ibility Cloak together – that Hermione agreed to make the journey. They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkne ,  o it wa  late afternoon when they finally  wallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry tran forming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into hi   mall and rather mou y wife. The beaded bag containing all of their po e ion  (apart from the Horcrux, which Harry wa  wearing around hi  neck) wa  tucked into an in ide pocket of Hermione’  buttoned-up coat. Harry lowered the Invi ibility Cloak over them, then they turned into the  uffocating darkne  once again. Heart beating in hi  throat, Harry opened hi  eye . They were  tanding hand in hand in a  nowy lane under a dark blue  ky, in which the night’  fir t  tar  were already glimmering feebly. Cottage   tood on either  ide of the narrow road, Chri tma  decoration  twinkling in their window . A  hort way ahead of them, a glow of golden  treetlight  indicated the center of the village. “All thi   now!” Hermione whi pered beneath the cloak. “Why didn’t we think of  now? After all our precaution , we’ll leave print ! We’ll ju t have to get rid of them – you go in front, I’ll do it –“ Harry did not want to enter the village like a pantomime hor e, trying to keep them elve  concealed while magically covering their trace . “Let’  take off the Cloak,”  aid Harry, and when  he looked frightened, “Oh, come on, we don’t look like u  and there’  no one around.” He  towed the Cloak under hi  jacket and they made their way forward unhampered, the icy air  tinging their face  a  they pa ed more cottage . Any one of them might have been the one in which Jame  and Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. Harry gazed at the front door , their  now-burdened roof , and their front porche , wondering whether he remembered any of them, knowing deep in ide that it wa  impo ible, that he had been little more than a year old when he had left thi  place forever. He wa  not even  ure whether he would be able to  ee the cottage at all; he did not know what happened when the  ubject  of a Fideliu  Charm died. Then the little lane along which they were walking curved to the left and the heart of the village, a  mall  quare, wa  revealed to them. Strung all around with colored light , there wa  what looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly ob cured by a windblown Chri tma  tree. There were  everal  hop , a po t office, a pub, and a little church who e  tained-gla  window  were glowing jewel-bright acro  the  quare. The  now here had become impacted: It wa  hard and  lippery where people had trodden on it all day. Villager  were cri cro ing in front of them, their figure  briefly illuminated by  treetlamp . They heard a  natch of laughter and pop mu ic a  the pub door opened and clo ed; then they heard a carol  tart up in ide the little church. “Harry, I think it’  Chri tma  Eve!”  aid Hermione. “I  it?” He had lo t track of the date; they had not  een a new paper for week . “I’m  ure it i ,”  aid Hermione, her eye  upon the church. “They . . . they’ll be in there, won’t they? Your mum and dad? I can  ee the graveyard behind it.” Harry felt a thrill of  omething that wa  beyond excitement, more like fear. Now that he wa   o near, he wondered whether he wanted to  ee after all. Perhap  Hermione knew how he wa  feeling, becau e  he reached for hi  hand and took the lead for the fir t time, pulling him forward. Halfway acro  the  quare, however,  he  topped dead. “Harry, look!” She wa  pointing at the war memorial. A  they had pa ed it, it had tran formed. In tead of an obeli k covered in name , there wa  a  tatue of three people: a man with untidy hair and gla e , a woman with long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy  itting in hi  mother’  arm . Snow lay upon all their head , like fluffy white cap . Harry drew clo er, gazing up into hi  parent ’ face . He had never imagined that there would be a  tatue. . . . How  trange it wa  to  ee him elf repre ented in  tone, a happy baby without a  car on hi  forehead. . . . “C’mon,”  aid Harry, when he had looked hi  fill, and they turned again toward the church. A  they cro ed the road, he glanced over hi   houlder; the  tatue had turned back into the war memorial. The  inging grew louder a  they approached the church. It made Harry’  throat con trict, it reminded him  o forcefully of Hogwart , of Peeve  bellowing rude ver ion  of carol  from in ide  uit  of armor, of the Great Hall’  twelve Chri tma  tree , of Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted  weater. . . . There wa  a ki ing gate at the entrance to the graveyard. Hermione pu hed it open a  quietly a  po ible and they edged through it. On either  ide of the  lippery path to the church door , the  now lay deep and untouched. They moved off through the  now, carving deep trenche  behind them a  they walked around the building, keeping to the  hadow  beneath the brilliant window . Behind the church, row upon row of  nowy tomb tone  protruded from a blanket of pale blue that wa  flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflection  from the  tained gla  hit the  now. Keeping hi  hand clo ed tightly on the wand in hi  jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the neare t grave. “Look at thi , it’  an Abbott, could be  ome long-lo t relation of Hannah’ !” “Keep your voice down,” Hermione begged him. They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, gouging dark track  into the  now behind them,  tooping to peer at the word  on old head tone , every now and then  quinting into the  urrounding darkne  to make ab olutely  ure that they were unaccompanied. “Harry, here!” Hermione wa  two row  of tomb tone  away; he had to wade back to her, hi  heart po itively banging in hi  che t. “I  it – ?” “No, but look!” She pointed to the dark  tone. Harry  tooped down and  aw , upon the frozen, lichen- potted granite, the word  Kendra Dumbledore and, a  hort way down her date  of birth and death, and Her Daughter Ariana. There wa  al o a quotation: Where your trea ure i , there will your heart be al o. So Rita Skeeter and Muriel had got  ome of their fact  right. The Dumbledore family had indeed lived here, and part of it had died here. Seeing the grave wa  wor e than hearing about it. Harry could not help thinking that he and Dumbledore both had deep root  in thi  graveyard, and that Dumbledore ought to have told him  o, yet he had never thought to  hare the connection. They could have vi ited the place together; for a moment Harry imagined coming here with Dumbledore, of what a bond that would have been, of how much it would have meant to him. But it  eemed that to Dumbledore, the fact that their familie  lay  ide by  ide in the  ame graveyard had been an unimportant coincidence, irrelevant, perhap , to the job he wanted Harry to do. Hermione wa  looking at Harry, and he wa  glad that hi  face wa  hidden in  hadow. He read the word  on the tomb tone again. Where your trea ure i , there will your heart be al o. He did not under tand what the e word  meant. Surely Dumbledore had cho en them, a  the elde t member of the family once hi  mother had died. “Are you  ure he never mentioned – ?” Hermione began. “No,”  aid Harry curtly, then, “let’  keep looking,” and he turned away, wi hing he had not  een the  tone: He did not want hi  excited trepidation tainted with re entment. “Here!” cried Hermione again a few moment  later from out of the darkne . “Oh no,  orry! I thought it  aid Potter.” She wa  rubbing at a crumbling, mo y  tone, gazing down at it, a little frown on her face. “Harry, come back a moment.” He did not want to be  idetracked again, and only grudgingly made hi  way back through the  now toward her. “What?” “Look at thi !” The grave wa  extremely old, weathered  o that Harry could hardly make out the name. Hermione  howed him the  ymbol beneath it. “Harry, that’  the mark in the book!” He peered at the place  he indicated: The  tone wa   o worn that it wa  hard to make out what wa  engraved there, though there did  eem to be a triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name. “Yeah . . . it could be. . . .” Hermione lit her wand and pointed it at the name on the head tone. “It  ay  Ig – Ignotu , I think. . . .” “I’m going to keep looking for my parent , all right?” Harry told her, a  light edge to hi  voice, and he  et off again, leaving her crouched be ide the old grave. Every now and then he recognized a  urname that, like Abbott, he had met at Hogwart . Sometime  there were  everal generation  of the  ame Wizarding family repre ented in the graveyard: Harry could tell from the date  that it had either died out, or the current member  had moved away from Godric’  Hollow. Deeper and deeper among t the grave  he went, and every time he reached a new head tone he felt a little lurch of apprehen ion and anticipation. The darkne  and the  ilence  eemed to become, all of a  udden, much deeper. Harry looked around, worried, thinking of dementor , then realized that the carol  had fini hed, that the chatter and flurry of churchgoer  were fading away a  they made their way back into the  quare. Somebody in ide the church had ju t turned off the light . Then Hermione’  voice came out of the blackne  for the third time,  harp and clear from a few yard  away. “Harry, they’re here . . . right here.” And he knew by her tone that it wa  hi  mother and father thi  time: He moved toward her, feeling a  if  omething heavy were pre ing on hi  che t, the  ame  en ation he had had right after Dumbledore had died, a grief that had actually weighed on hi  heart and lung . The head tone wa  only two row  behind Kendra and Ariana’ . It wa  made of white marble, ju t like Dumbledore’  tomb, and thi  made it ea y to read, a  it  eemed to  hine in the dark. Harry did not need to kneel or even approach very clo e to it to make out the word  engraved upon it. JAMES POTTER LILY POTTER BORN 27 MARCH 1960 BORN 30 JANUARY 1960 DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981 DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981 The la t enemy that  hall be de troyed i  death. Harry read the word   lowly, a  though he would have only one chance to take in their meaning, and he read the la t of them aloud. “’The la t enemy that  hall be defeated i  death’ . . .” A horrible thought came to him, and with a kind of panic. “I n’t that a Death Eater idea? Why i  that there?” “It doe n’t mean defeating death in the way the Death Eater  mean it, Harry,”  aid Hermione, her voice gentle. “It mean  . . . you know . . . living beyond death. Living after death.” But they were not living, thought Harry. They were gone. The empty word  could not di gui e the fact that hi  parent ’ moldering remain  lay beneath  now and  tone, indifferent, unknowing. And tear  came before he could  top them, boiling hot then in tantly freezing on hi  face, and what wa  the point in wiping them off or pretending? He let them fall, hi  lip  pre ed hard together, looking down at the thick  now hiding from hi  eye  the place where the la t of Lily and Jame  lay, bone  now,  urely, or du t, not knowing or caring that their living  on  tood  o near, hi  heart  till beating, alive becau e of their  acrifice and clo e to wi hing, at thi  moment, that he wa   leeping under the  now with them. Hermione had taken hi  hand again and wa  gripping it tightly. He could not look at her, but returned the pre ure, now taking deep,  harp gulp  of the night air, trying to  teady him elf, trying to regain control. He  hould have brought  omething o give them, and he had not thought of it, and every plant in the graveyard wa  leafle  and frozen. But Hermione rai ed her wand, moved it in a circle through the air, and a wreath of Chri tma  ro e  blo omed before them. Harry caught it and laid it on hi  parent ’ grave. A   oon a  he  tood up he wanted to leave: He did not think he could  tand another moment there. He put hi  arm around Hermione’   houlder , and  he put her  around hi  wai t, and they turned in  ilence and walked away through the  now, pa t Dumbledore’  mother and  i ter, back toward the dark church and the out-of- ight ki ing gate. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER SEVENTEEN BATHILDA’S SECRET “Harry,  top.” “What'  wrong?” They had only ju t reached the grave of the unknown Abbott. “There'   omeone there. Someone watching u . I can tell. There, over by the bu he .” They  tood quite  till, holding on to each other, gazing at the den e black boundary of the graveyard. Harry could not  ee anything. “Are you  ure?” “I  aw  omething move. I could have  worn I did...” She broke from him to free her wand arm. “We look like Muggle ,” Harry pointed out. “Muggle  who've ju t been laying flower  on your parent ' grave? Harry, I'm  ure there'   omeone over there!” Harry thought of A Hi tory of Magic; the graveyard wa   uppo ed to be haunted; what if --? But then he heard a ru tle and  aw a little eddy of di lodged  now in the bu h to which Hermione had pointed. Gho t  could not move  now. “It'  a cat,”  aid Harry, after a  econd or two, “or a bird. If it wa  a Death Eater we'd be dead by now. But let'  get out of here, and we can put the Cloak back on.” They glanced back repeatedly a  they made their way out of the graveyard. Harry, who did not feel a   anguine a  he had pretended when rea uring Hermione, wa  glad to reach the gate and the  lippery pavement. They pulled the Invi ibility Cloak back over them elve . The pub wa  fuller than before. Many voice  in ide it were now  inging the carol that they had heard a  they approached the church. For a moment, Harry con idered  ugge ting they take refuge in ide it, but before he could  ay anything Hermione murmured, “Let'  go thi  way,” and pulled him down the dark  treet leading out of the village in the oppo ite direction from which they had entered. Harry could make out the point where the cottage  ended and the lane turned into open country again. They walked a  quickly a  they dared, pa t more window   parkling with multicolored light , the outline  of Chri tma  tree  dark through the curtain . “How are we going to find Bathilda'  hou e?” a ked Hermione, who wa   hivering a little and kept glancing back over her  houlder. “Harry? What do you think? Harry?” She tugged at thi  arm, but Harry wa  not paying attention. He wa  looking toward the dark ma  that  tood at the very end of thi  row of hou e . Next moment he  ped up, dragging Hermione along with him,  he  lipped a little on the ice. “Harry --” “Look ... Look at it, Hermione ...” “I don't ... oh!” He could  ee it; the Fideliu  Charm mu t have died with Jame  and Lily. The hedge had grown wild in the  ixteen year   ince Hagrid had taken Harry from the rubble that lay  cattered among t the wai t-high gra . Mo t of the cottage wa   till  tanding, though entirely covered in the dark ivy and  now, but the right  ide of the top floor had been blown apart; that, Harry wa   ure, wa  where the cur e had backfired. He and Hermione  tood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of what mu t once have been a cottage ju t like tho e that flanked it. “I wonder why nobody'  ever rebuilt it?” whi pered Hermione. “Maybe you can't rebuild it?” Harry replied. “Maybe it'  like the injurie  from Dark Magic and you can't repair the damage?” He  lipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and gra ped the  nowy and thickly ru ted gate, not wi hing to open it, but  imply  o he'd  ome part of the hou e. “You're not going to go in ide? It look  un afe, it might -- oh, Harry, look!” Hi  touch on the gate  eemed to have done it. A  ign had ri en out of the ground in front of them, up thorough the tangle  of nettle  and weed , like  ome bizarre, fa t-growing flower, and in golden letter  upon the wood it  aid: On thi   pot, on thi  night of 31 October 1981, Lily and Jame  Potter lo t their live . Their  on, Harry, remain  the only wizard ever to have  urvived the Killing Cur e. Thi  hou e, invi ible to Muggle , ha  been left in it  ruined  tate a  a monument to the Potter  and a  a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family. And all around the e neatly lettered word ,  cribble  had been added by other witche  and wizard  who had come to  ee the place where the Boy Who Lived had e caped. Some had merely  igned their name  in Everla ting Ink; other  had carved their initial  into the wood,  till other  had left me age . The mo t recent of the e,  hining brightly over  ixteen year ' worth of magical graffiti, all  aid  imilar thing . Good luck, Harry, wherever you are. If you read thi , Harry, we're all behind you! Long live Harry Potter. “They  houldn't have written on the  ign!”  aid Hermione, indignant. But Harry beamed at her. “It'  brilliant. I'm glad they did. I ...” He broke off. A heavily muffled figure wa  hobbling up the lane toward them,  ilhouetted by the bright light  in the di tant  quare. Harry thought, though it wa  hard to judge, that the figure wa  a woman. She wa  moving  lowly, po ibly frightened of  lipping on the  nowy ground. Her  toop, her  toutne , her  huffling gait all gave an impre ion of extreme age. They watched in  ilence a   he drew nearer. Harry wa  waiting to  ee whether  he would turn into any of the cottage   he wa  pa ing, but he knew in tinctively that  he would not. At la t  he came to a halt a few yard  from them and  imply  tood there in the middle of the frozen road, facing them. He did not need Hermione'  pinch to hi  arm. There wa  next to no chance that thi  woman wa  a Muggle: She wa   tanding there gazing at a hou e that ought to have been completely invi ible to her, if  he wa  not a witch. Even a uming that  he wa  a witch, however, it wa  odd behavior to come out on a night thi  cold,  imply to look at an old ruin. By all the rule  of normal magic, meanwhile,  he ought not to be able to  ee Hermione and him at all. Neverthele , Harry had the  trange t feeling that  he knew that they were there, and al o who they were. Ju t a  he had reached thi  unea y conclu ion,  he rai ed a gloved hand and beckoned. Hermione moved clo er to him under the Cloak, her arm pre ed again t hi . “How doe   he know?” He  hook hi  head. The woman beckoned again, more vigorou ly. Harry could think of many rea on  not to obey the  ummon , and yet hi   u picion  about her identity were growing  tronger every moment that they  tood facing each other in the de erted  treet. Wa  it po ible that  he had been waiting for them all the e long month ? That Dumbledore had told her to wait, and that Harry would come in the end? Wa  it not likely that it wa   he who had moved in the  hadow  in the graveyard and had followed them to thi   pot? Even her ability to  en e them  ugge ted  ome Dumbledore-i h power that he had never encountered before. Finally Harry  poke, cau ing Hermione to ga p and jump. “Are you Bathilda?” The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again. Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Harry rai ed hi  eyebrow ; Hermione gave a tiny, nervou  nod. They  tepped toward the woman and , at once,  he turned and hobbled off back the way they had come. Leading them pa t  everal hou e ,  he turned in at a gate. They followed her up the front path through a garden nearly a  overgrown a  the one they had ju t left. She fumbled for a moment with a key at the front door, then opened it and  tepped back to let them pa . She  melled bad, or perhap  it wa  her hou e; Harry wrinkled hi  no e a  they  idled pa t her and pulled off the Cloak. Now that he wa  be ide her, he realized how tiny  he wa ; bowed down with age,  he came barely level with hi  che t. She clo ed the door behind them, her knuckle  blue and mottled again t the peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harry'  face. Her eye  were thick with cataract  and  unken into fold  of tran parent  kin, and her whole face wa  dotted with broken vein  and liver  pot . He wondered whether  he could make him out at all; even if  he could, it wa  the balding Muggle who e identity he had  tolen that  he would  ee. The odor of old age, of du t, of unwa hed clothe  and  tale food inten ified a  the unwound a moth-eaten black  hawl, revealing a head of  cant white hair through which the  calp  howed clearly. “Bathilda?” Harry repeated. She nodded again. Harry became aware of the locket again t hi   kin; the thing in ide it that  ometime  ticked or beat had woken; he could feel it pul ing through the cold gold. Did it know, could it  en e, that the thing that would de troy it wa  near? Bathilda  huffled pa t them, pu hing Hermione a ide a  though  he had not  een her, and vani hed into what  eemed to be a  itting room. “Harry, I'm not  ure about thi ,” breathed Hermione. “Look at the  ize of her, I think we could overpower her if we had to,”  aid Harry. “Li ten, I  hould have told you, I knew  he wa n't all there. Muriel called her 'gaga.'” “Come!” called Bathilda from the next room. Hermione jumped and clutched Harry'  arm. “It'  okay,”  aid Harry rea uringly, and he led the way into the  itting room. Bathilda wa  tottering around the place lighting candle , but it wa   till very dark, not to mention extremely dirty. Thick du t crunched beneath their feet, and Harry'  no e detected, underneath the dank and mildewed  mell,  omething wor e, like meat gone bad. He wondered when wa  the la t time anyone had been in ide Bathilda'  hou e to check whether  he wa  coping. She  eemed to have forgotten that  he could do magic, too, for  he lit the candle  clum ily by hand, her trailing lace cuff in con tant danger of catching fire. “Let me do that,” offered Harry, and he took the matche  from her. She  tood watching him a  he fini hed lighting the candle  tub  that  tood on  aucer  around the room, perched precariou ly on  tack  of book  and on  ide table  crammed with cracked and moldy cup . The la t  urface on which Harry  potted a candle wa  a bow-fronted che t of drawer  on which there  tood a large number of photograph . When the flame danced into life, it  reflection wavered on their du ty gla  and  ilver. He  aw a few tiny movement  from the picture . A  Bathilda fumbled with log  for the fire, he muttered “Tergeo”: The du t vani hed from the photograph , and he  aw at once that half a dozen were mi ing from the large t and mo t ornate frame . He wondered whether Bathilda or  omebody el e had removed them. Then the  ight of a photograph near the back of the collection caught hi  eye, and he  natched it up. It wa  the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the young man who had perched on Gregorovitch'  window ill,  miling lazily up at Harry out of the  ilver frame. And it came to Harry in tantly where he had  een the boy before: in The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore, arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that mu t be where all the mi ing photograph  were: in Rita'  book. “Mr . -- Mi  -- Bag hot?” he  aid, and hi  voice  hook  lightly. “Who i  thi ?” Bathilda wa   tanding in the middle of the room watching Hermione light the fire for her. “Mi  Bag hot?” Harry repeated, and he advanced with the picture in hi  hand  a  the flame  bur t into life in the fireplace. Bathilda looked up at hi  voice, and the Horcrux beat fa ter upon hi  che t. “Who i  thi  per on?” Harry a ked her, pu hing the picture forward. She peered at it  olemnly, then up at Harry. “Do you know who thi  i ?” he repeated in a much  lower and louder voice than u ual. “Thi  man? Do you know him? What'  he called?” Bathilda merely looked vague. Harry felt an awful fru tration. How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathilda'  memorie ? “Who i  thi  man?” he repeated loudly. “Harry, what area you doing?” a ked Hermione. “Thi  picture. Hermione, it'  the thief, the thief who  tole from Gregorovitch! Plea e!” he  aid to Bathilda. “Who i  thi ?” But  he only  tared at him. “Why did you a k u  to come with you, Mr . - Mi  -- Bag hot?” a ked Hermione, rai ing her own voice. “Wa  there  omething you wanted to tell u ?” Giving no  ign that  he had heard Hermione, Bathilda now  huffled a few  tep  clo er to Harry. With a little jerk of her head  he looked back into the hall. “You want u  to leave?” he a ked. She repeated the ge ture, thi  time pointing fir tly at him, then at her elf, then at the ceiling. “Oh, right... Hermione, I think  he want  me to go up tair  with her.” “All right,”  aid Hermione, “let'  go.” But when Hermione moved, Bathilda  hook her head with  urpri ing vigor, once more pointing fir t at Harry, then to her elf. “She want  me to go with her, alone.” “Why?” a ked Hermione, and her voice rang out  harp and clear in the candlelit room, the old lady  hook her head a little at the loud noi e. “Maybe Dumbledore told her to give the  word to me, and only to me?” “Do you really think  he know  who you are?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, looking down into the milky eye  fixed upon hi  own. “I think  he doe .” “Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry.” “Lead the way,” Harry told Bathilda. She  eemed to under tand, becau e  he  huffled around him toward the door. Harry glanced back at Hermione with a rea uring  mile, but he wa  not  ure  he had  een it;  he  tood hugging her elf in the mid t of the candlelit  qualor, looking toward the bookca e. A  Harry walked out of the room, un een by both Hermione and Bathilda, he  lipped the  ilver-framed photograph of the unknown thief in ide hi  jacket. The  tair  were  teep and narrow; Harry wa  half tempted to place hi  hand  on  tout Bathilda'  back ide to en ure that  he did not topple over backward on top of him, which  eemed only too likely. Slowly, wheezing a little,  he climbed to the upper landing, turned immediately right, and led him into a low-ceilinged bedroom. It wa  pitch-black and  melled horrible: Harry had ju t made out a chamber pot protruding from under the bed before Bathilda clo ed the door and even that wa   wallowed by the darkne . “Lumo ,”  aid Harry, and hi  wand ignited. He gave a  tart: Bathilda had moved clo e to him in tho e few  econd  of darkne , and he had not heard her approach. “You are Potter?”  he whi pered. “Ye , I am.” She nodded  lowly,  olemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux beating fa t, fa ter than hi  own heart; It wa  an unplea ant, agitating  en ation. “Have you got anything for me?” Harry a ked, but  he  eemed di tracted by hi  lit wand-tip. “Have you got anything for me?” he repeated. Then  he clo ed her eye  and  everal thing  happened at once: Harry'   car prickled painfully; the Horcrux twitched  o that the front of hi   weater actually moved; the dark, fetid room di olved momentarily. He felt a leap of joy and  poke in a high, cold voice: Hold him! Harry  wayed where he  tood: The dark, foul- melling room  eemed to clo e around him again; he did not know what had ju t happened. “Have you got anything for me?” he a ked for a third time, much louder. “Over here,”  he whi pered, pointing to the corner. Harry rai ed hi  wand and  aw the outline of a cluttered dre ing table beneath the curtained window. Thi  time  he did not lead him. Harry edged between her and the unmade bed, hi  wand rai ed. He did not want to look away from her. “What i  it?” he a ked a  he reached the dre ing table, which wa  heaped high with what looked and  melled like dirty laundry. “There,”  he  aid, pointing at the  hapele  ma . And in the in tant that he looked away, hi  eye  taking the tangled me  for a  word hilt, a ruby,  he moved weirdly: He  aw it out of the corner of hi  eye; panic made him turn and horror paralyzed him a  he  aw the old body collap ing and the great  nake pouring from the place where her neck had been. The  nake  truck a  he rai ed hi  wand: The force of the bite to hi  forearm  ent the wand  pinning up toward the ceiling; it  light  wung dizzyingly around the room and wa  extingui hed; Then a powerful blow from the tail to hi  midriff knocked the breath out of him: He fell backward onto the dre ing table, into the mound of filthy clothing -- He rolled  ideway , narrowly avoiding the  nake'  tail, which thra hed down upon the table where he had been a  econd earlier. Fragment  of the gla   urface rained upon him a  he hit the floor. From below he heard Hermione call, “Harry?” He could not get enough breath into hi  lung  to call back: Then a heavy  mooth ma   ma hed him to the floor and he felt it  lide over him, powerful, mu cular -- “No!” he ga ped, pinned to the floor. “Ye ,” whi pered the voice. “Ye ... hold you ... hold you ...” “Accio ... Accio Wand ...” But nothing happened and he needed hi  hand  to try to force the  nake from him a  it coiled it elf around hi  tor o,  queezing the air from him, pre ing the Horcrux hard into hi  che t, a circle of ice that throbbed with life, inche  from hi  own frantic heart, and hi  brain wa  flooding with cold, white light, all thought obliterated, hi  own breath drowned, di tant foot tep , everything going... A metal heart wa  banging out ide hi  che t, and now he wa  flying, flying with triumph in hi  heart, without need of broom tick or the tral... He wa  abruptly awake in the  our- melling darkne ; Nagini had relea ed him. He  crambled up and  aw the  nake outlined again t the landing light: It  truck, and Hermione dived a ide with a  hriek; her deflected cur e hit the curtained window, which  hattered. Frozen air filled the room a  Harry ducked to avoid another  hower of broken gla  and hi  foot  lipped on a pencil-like  omething -- hi  wand -- He bent and  natched it up, but now the room wa  full of the  nake, it  tail thra hing; Hermione wa  nowhere to be  een and for a moment Harry thought the wor t, but then there wa  a loud bang and a fla h of red light, and the  nake flew into the air,  macking Harry hard in the face a  it went, coil after heavy coil ri ing up to the ceiling. Harry rai ed hi  wand, but a  he did  o, hi   car  eared more painfully, more powerfully than it had done in year . “He'  coming! Hermione, he'  coming!” A  he yelled the  nake fell, hi ing wildly. Everything wa  chao : It  ma hed  helve  from the wall, and  plintered china flew everywhere a  Harry jumped over the bed and  eized the dark  hape he knew to be Hermione -- She  hrieked with pain a  he pulled her back acro  the bed: The  nake reared again, but Harry knew that wor e than the  nake wa  coming, wa  perhap  already at the gate, hi  head wa  going to  plit open with the pain from hi   car -- The  nake lunged a  he took a running leap, dragging Hermione with him; a  it  truck, Hermione  creamed, “Confringo!” and her  pell flew around the room, exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the heat of it  ear the back of hi  hand. Gla  cut hi  cheek a , pulling Hermione with him, he leapt from bed to broken dre ing table and then  traight out of the  ma hed window into nothingne , her  cream reverberating through the night a  they twi ted in midair ... And then hi   car bur t open and he wa  Voldemort and he wa  running acro  the fetid bedroom, hi  long white hand  clutching at the window ill a  he glimp ed the bald man and the little woman twi t and vani h, and he  creamed with rage, a  cream that mingled with the girl' , that echoed acro  the dark garden  over the church bell  ringing in Chri tma  Day... And hi   cream wa  Harry'   cream, hi  pain wa  Harry'  pain... that it could happen here, where it had happened before... here, within  ight of that hou e where he had come  o clo e to knowing what it wa  to die ... to die ... the pain wa   o terrible ... ripped from hi  body ... But if he had no body, why did hi  head hurt  o badly; if he wa  dead, how cold he feel  o unbearably, didn't pain cea e with death, didn't it go ... The night wet and windy, two children dre ed a  pumpkin  waddling acro  the  quare and the  hop window  covered in paper  pider , all the tawdry Muggle trapping  of a world in which they did not believe ... And he wa  gliding along, that  en e of purpo e and power and rightne  in him that he alway  knew on the e occa ion  ... Not anger ... that wa  for weaker  oul  than he ... but triumph, ye  ... He had waited for thi , he had hoped for it ... “Nice co tume, mi ter!” He  aw the  mall boy'   mile falter a  he ran near enough to  ee beneath the hood of the cloak,  aw the fear cloud hi  pained face: Then the child turned and ran away ... Beneath the robe he fingered the handle of hi  wand ... One  imple movement and the child would never reach hi  mother ... but unnece ary, quite unnece ary ... And along a new and darker  treet he moved, and now hi  de tination wa  in  ight at la t, the Fideliu  Charm broken, though they did not know it yet ... And he made le  noi e than the dead leave   lithering along the pavement a  he drew level with the dark hedge, and  teered over it ... They had not drawn the curtain ; he  aw them quite clearly in their little  itting room, the tall black-haired man in hi  gla e , making puff  of colored  moke erupt from hi  wand for the amu ement of the  mall black-haired boy in hi  blue pajama . The child wa  laughing and trying to catch the  moke, to grab it in hi   mall fi t ... A door opened and the mother entered,  aying word  he cold not hear, her long dark-red hair falling over her face. Now the father  cooped up the  on and handed him to the mother. He threw hi  wand down upon the  ofa and  tretched, yawning... The gate creaked a little a  he pu hed it open, but Jame  Potter did not hear. Hi  white hand pulled out the wand beneath hi  cloak and pointed it at the door, which bur t open... He wa  over the thre hold a  Jame  came  printing into the hall. It wa  ea y, too ea y, he had not even picked up hi  wand ... “Lily, take Harry and go! It'  him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off!” Hold him off, without a wand in hi  hand! ... He laughed before ca ting the cur e ... “Avada Kedavra!” The green light filled the cramped hallway, it lit the pram pu hed again t the wall, it made the bani ter  glow like lighting rod , and Jame  Potter fell like a marionette who e  tring  were cut ... He could hear her  creaming from the upper floor, trapped, but a  long a   he wa   en ible,  he, at lea t, had nothing to fear ... He climbed the  tep , li tening with faint amu ement to her attempt  to barricade her elf in ... She had no wand upon her either ... How  tupid they were, and how tru ting, thinking that their  afety lay in friend , that weapon  could be di carded even for moment ... He forced the door open, ca t a ide the chair and boxe  ha tily piled again t it with one lazy wave of hi  wand ... and there  he  tood, the child in her arm . At the  ight of him,  he dropped her  on into the crib behind her and threw her arm  wide, a  if thi  would help, a  if in  hielding him from  ight  he hoped to be cho en in tead ... “Not Harry, not Harry, plea e not Harry!” “Stand a ide, you  illy girl...  tand a ide, now.” “Not Harry, plea e no, take me, kill me in tead --” “Thi  i  my la t warning --” “Not Harry! Plea e ... have mercy ... have mercy ... Not Harry! Not Harry! Plea e -- I'll do anything ...” “Stand a ide. Stand a ide, girl!” He could have forced her away from the crib, but it  eemed more prudent to fini h them all ... The green light fla hed around the room and  he dropped like her hu band. The child had not cried all thi  time. He could  tand, clutching the bar  of hi  crib, and he looked up into the intruder'  face with a kind of bright intere t, perhap  thinking that it wa  hi  father who hid beneath the cloak, making more pretty light , and hi  mother would pop up any moment, laughing -- He pointed the wand very carefully into the boy'  face: He wanted to  ee it happen, the de truction of thi  one, inexplicable danger. The child began to cry: It had  een that he wa  not Jame . He did not like it crying, he had never been able to  tomach the  mall one  whining in the orphanage -- “Avada Kedavra!” And then he broke. He wa  nothing, nothing but pain and terror, and he mu t hide him elf, not here in the rubble of the ruined hou e, where the child wa  trapped  creaming, but far away ... far away ... “No,” he moaned. The  nake ru tled on the filthy, cluttered floor, and he had killed the boy, and yet he wa  the boy ... “No...” And now he  tood at the broken window of Bathilda'  hou e, immer ed in memorie  of hi  greate t lo , and at hi  feet the great  nake  lithered over broken china and gla ... He looked down and  aw  omething...  omething incredible... “No...” “Harry, it'  all right, you're all right!” He  tooped down and picked up the  ma hed photograph. There he wa , the unknown thief, the thief he wa   eeking... “No... I dropped it... I dropped it ...” “Harry, it'  okay, wake up, wake up!” He wa  Harry... Harry, not Voldemort ... and the thing that wa  ru tling wa  not a  nake ... He opened hi  eye . “Harry,” Hermione whi pered. “Do you feel all -- all right?” “Ye ,” he lied. He wa  in the tent, lying on one of the lower bunk  beneath a heap of blanket . He could tell that it wa  almo t dawn by the  tillne  and quality of the cold, flat light beyond the canva  ceiling. He wa  drenched in  weat; he could feel it on the  heet  and blanket . “We got away.” “Ye ,”  aid Hermione. “I had to u e a Hover Charm to get you into your bunk. I couldn't lift you. You've been ... Well, you haven't been quite ...” There were purple  hadow  under her brown eye  and he noticed a  mall  ponge in her hand: She had been wiping hi  face. “You've been ill,”  he fini hed. “Quite ill.” “How long ago did we leave?” “Hour  ago. It'  nearly morning.” “And I've been... what, uncon ciou ?” “Not exactly,”  aid Hermione uncomfortably. “You've been  houting and moaning and ... thing ,”  he added in a tone that made Harry feel unea y. What had he done? Screamed cur e  like Voldemort, cried like the baby in the crib? “I couldn't get the Horcrux off you,” Hermione  aid, and he knew  he wanted to change the  ubject. “It wa   tuck,  tuck to your che t. You've got a mark; I'm  orry, I had to u e a Severing Charm to get it away. The  nake hit you too, but I've cleaned the wound and put  ome dittany on it ...” He pulled the  weaty T- hirt he wa  wearing away from him elf and looked down. There wa  a  carlet oval over hi  heart where the locket had burned him. He could al o  ee the half healed puncture mark  to hi  forearm. “Where've you put the Horcrux?” “In my bag. I think we  hould keep it off for a while.” He lay back on hi  pillow  and looked into her pinched gray face. “We  houldn't have gone to Godric'  Hollow. It'  my fault, it'  all my fault. Hermione, I'm  orry.” “It'  not you fault. I wanted to go too; I really thought Dumbledore might have left the  word there for you.” “Yeah, well ... we got that wrong, didn't we?” “What happened, Harry? What happened when  he took you up tair ? Wa  the  nake hiding  omewhere? Did it ju t come out and kill her and attack you?” “No.” he  aid. “She wa  the  nake ... or the  nake wa  her ... all along.” “W-what?” He clo ed hi  eye . He could  till  mell Bathilda'  hou e on him; it made the whole thing horribly vivid. “Bathilda mu t've been dead a while. The  nake wa  ... wa  in ide her. You-Know-Who put it there in Godric'  Hollow, to wait. You were right. He knew I'd go back.” “The  nake wa  in ide her?” He opened hi  eye  again. Hermione looked revolted, nau eated. “Lupin  aid there would be magic we'd never imagined.” Harry  aid. “She didn't want to talk in front of you, becau e it wa  Par eltongue, all Par eltongue, and I didn't realize, but of cour e I could under tand her. Once we were up in the room, the  nake  ent a me age to You-Know-Who, I heard it happen in ide my head, I felt him get excited, he  aid to keep me there ... and then ...” He remembered the  nake coming out of Bathilda'  neck: Hermione did not need to know the detail . “... he changed, changed into the  nake, and attacked.” He looked down at the puncture mark . “It wa n't  uppo ed to kill me, ju t keep me there till You-Know-Who came.” If he had only managed to kill the  nake, it would have been worth it, all of it ... Sick at heart, he  at up and threw back the cover . “Harry, no, I'm  ure you ought to re t!” “You're the one who need   leep. No offen e, but you look terrible. I'm fine. I'll keep watch for a while. Where'  my wand?” She did not an wer,  he merely looked at him. “Where'  my wand, Hermione?” She wa  biting her lip, and tear   wam in her eye . “Harry ...” “Where'  my wand?” She reached down be ide the bed and held it out to him. The holly and phoenix wand wa  nearly  evered in two. One fragile  trand of phoenix feather kept both piece  hanging together. The wood had  plintered apart completely. Harry took it into hi  hand  a  though it wa  a living thing that had  uffered a terrible injury. He could not think properly: Everything wa  a blur of panic and fear. Then he held out the want to Hermione. “Mend it. Plea e.” “Harry, I don't think, when it'  broken like thi  --” “Plea e, Hermione, try!” “R-Reparo.” The dangling half of the wand re ealed it elf. Harry held it up. “Lumo !” The wand  parked feebly, then went out. Harry pointed it at Hermione. “Expelliarmu !” Hermione'  wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave her hand. The feeble attempt at magic wa  too much for Harry'  wand, which  plit into two again. He  tared at it, agha t, unable to take in what he wa   eeing ... the wand that had  urvived  o much ... “Harry.” Hermione whi pered  o quietly he could hardly hear her. “I'm  o,  o  orry. I think it wa  me. A  we were leaving, you know, the  nake wa  coming for u , and  o I ca t a Bla ting Cur e, and it rebounded everywhere, and it mu t have -- mu t have hit --” “It wa  an accident.”  aid Harry mechanically. He felt empty,  tunned. “We'll -- we'll find a way to repair it.” “Harry, I don't think we're going to be able to,”  aid Hermione, the ear  trickling down her face. “Remember ... remember Ron? When he broke hi  wand, cra hing the car? It wa  never the  ame again, he had to get a new one.” Harry thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held ho tage by Voldemort; of Gregorovitch, who wa  dead. How wa  he  uppo ed to find him elf a new wand? “Well,” he  aid, in a fal ely matter-of-fact voice, “well, I'll ju t borrow your  for now, then. While I keep watch.” Her face glazed with tear , Hermione handed over her wand, and he left her  itting be ide hi  bed, de iring nothing more than to get away from her. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER EIGHTTEEN THE LIFE AND LIES OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE The  un wa  coming up: The pure, colorle  va tne  of the  ky  tretched over him, indifferent to him and hi   uffering. Harry  at down in the tent entrance and took a deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to watch the  un ri e over the  parkling  nowy hill ide ought to have been the greate t trea ure on earth, yet he could not appreciate it: Hi   en e  had been  piked by the calamity of lo ing hi  want. He looked out over a valley blanketed in  now, di tant church bell  chiming through the glittering  ilence. Without realizing it, he wa  digging hi  finger  into hi  arm  a  if he were trying to re i t phy ical pain. He had  pilled hi  own blood more time  than he could count; he had lo t all bone  in hi  right arm once; thi  journey had already given him  car  to hi  che t and forearm to join tho e on hi  hand and forehead, but never, until thi  moment, had he felt him elf to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, a  though the be t part of hi  magical power had been torn from him. He knew exactly what Hermione would  ay if he expre ed any of thi : The wand i  only a  good a  the wizard. But  he wa  wrong, hi  ca e wa  different. She had not felt the wand  pin like the needle of a compa  and  hoot golden flame  at hi  enemy. He had lo t the protection of the twin core , and only now that it wa  gone did he realize how much he had been counting on it. He pulled the piece  of the broken wand out of hi  pocket and, without looking at them, tucked them away in Hagrid’  pouch around hi  neck. The pouch wa  now too full of broken and u ele  object  to take any more. Harry’  hand bru hed the old Snitch through the moke kin and for a moment he had to fight the temptation to pull it out and throw it away. Impenetrable, unhelpful, u ele , like everything el e Dumbledore had left behind --- And hi  fury at Dumbledore broke over him now like lava,  corching him in ide, wiping out every other feeling. Out of  heer de peration they had talked them elve  into believing that Godric’  Hollow held an wer , convinced them elve  that they were  uppo ed to go back, that it wa  all part of  ome  ecret path laid out for them by Dumbledore: but there wa  no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left them to grope in the darkne , to wre tle with unknown and undreamed-of terror , alone and unaided: Nothing wa  explained, nothing wa  given freely, they had no  word, and now, Harry had no wand. And he had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would  urely be ea y now for Voldemort to find out who he wa  . . . Voldemort had all the information now . . . “Harry?” Hermione looked frightened that he might cur e her with her own wand. Her face  treaked with tear ,  he crouched down be ide him, two cup  of tea trembling in her hand  and  omething bulky under her arm. “Thank ,” he  aid, taking one of the cup . “Do you mind if I talk to you?” “No,” he  aid becau e he did not want to hurt her feeling . “Harry, you wanted to know who that man in the picture wa . Well . . . I’ve got the book.” Timidly  he pu hed it onto hi  lap, a pri tine copy of The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore. “Where --- how --- ?” “It wa  in Bathilda’   itting room, ju t lying there. . . . Thi  note wa   ticking out of the top of it.” Hermione read the few line  of  piky, acid-green writing aloud. “ ‘Dear Bally, Thank  for your help. Here’  a copy of the book, hope you like it. You  aid everything, even if you don’t remember it. Rita.’ I think it mu t have arrived while the real Bathilda wa  alive, but perhap   he wa n’t in any fit  tate to read it?” “No,  he probably wa n’t.” Harry looked down upon Dumbledore’  face and experienced a  urge of  avage plea ure: Now he would know if all the thing  that Dumbledore had never thought it worth telling him, whether Dumbledore wanted him to or not. “You’re  till really angry at me, aren’t you?”  aid Hermione; he looked up to  ee fre h tear  leaking out of her eye , and knew that hi  anger mu t have  hown in hi  face. “No,” he  aid quietly. “No, Hermione, I know it wa  an accident. You were trying to get u  out of there alive, and you were incredible. I’d be dead if you hadn’t been there to help me.” He tried to return her watery  mile, then turned hi  attention to the book. It   pine wa   tiff; it had clearly never been opened before. He riffled through the page , looking for photograph . He came acro  the one he  ought almo t at once, the young Dumbledore and hi  hand ome companion, roaring with laughter at  ome long-forgotten joke. Harry dropped hi  eye  to the caption. Albu  Dumbledore,  hortly after hi  mother’  death, With hi  friend Gellert Grindelwald. Harry gaped at the la t word for  everal long moment . Grindelwald. Hi  friend Grindelwald. He looked  ideway  at Hermione, who wa   till contemplating the name a  though  he could not believe her eye . Slowly  he looked up at Harry. “Grindelwald!” Ignoring the remainder of the photograph , Harry  earched the page  around them for a recurrence of that fatal name. He  oon di covered it and read greedily, but became lo t: It wa  nece ary to go farther back to make  en e of it all, and eventually he found him elf at the  tart of a chapter entitled “The Greater Good.” Together, he and Hermione  tarted to read: Now approaching hi  eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore left Hogwart  in a blaze of glory --- Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabu  Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Ca ting, Briti h Youth Repre entative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo . Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphia  “Dogbreath” Doge, the dim-witted but devoted  idekick he had picked up at  chool. The two young men were  taying at the Leaky Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the following morning, when an owl arrived bearing new  of Dumbledore’  mother’  death. “Dogbreath” Doge, who refu ed to be interviewed for thi  book, ha  given the public hi  own  entimental ver ion of what happened next. He repre ent  Kendra’  death a  a tragic blow, and Dumbledore’  deci ion to give up hi  expedition a  an act of noble  elf- acrifice. Certainly Dumbledore returned to Godric’  Hollow at once,  uppo edly to “care” for hi  younger brother and  i ter. But how much care did he actually give them? “He were a head ca e, that Aberforth,”  aid Enid Smeek, who e family lived on the out kirt  of Godric’  Hollow at that time. “Ran wild. ‘Cour e, with hi  mum and dad gone you’d have felt  orry for him, only he kept chucking goat dung at my head. I don’t think Albu  wa  fu ed about him. I never  aw them together, anyway.” So what wa  Albu  doing, if not comforting hi  wild young brother? The an wer, it  eem , i  en uring the continued impri onment of hi   i ter. For though her fir t jailer had died, there wa  no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumbledore. Her very exi tence continued to be known only to tho e few out ider  who, like “Dogbreath” Doge, could be counted upon to believe in the  tory of her “ill health.” Another  uch ea ily  ati fied friend of the family wa  Bathilda Bag hot, the celebrated magical hi torian who ha  lived in Godric’  Hollow for many year . Kendra, of cour e, had rebuffed Bathilda when  he fir t attempted to welcome the family to the village. Several year  later, however, the author  ent an owl to Albu  at Hogwart , having been favorably impre ed by hi  paper on tran - pecie  tran formation in Tran figuration Today. Thi  initial contract led to acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family. At the time of Kendra’  death, Bathilda wa  the only per on in Godric’  Hollow who wa  on  peaking term  with Dumbledore’  mother. Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited earlier in her life ha  now dimmed. “The fire’  lit, but the cauldron’  empty,” a  Ivor Dillon by put it to me, or, in Enid Smeek’   lightly earthier phra e, “She’  nutty a   quirrel poo.” Neverthele , a combination of tried-and-te ted reporting technique  enabled me to extract enough nugget  of hard fact to  tring together the whole  candalou   tory. Like the re t of the Wizarding world, Bathilda put  Kendra’  premature death down to a backfiring charm, a  tory repeated by Albu  and Aberforth in later year . Bathilda al o parrot  the family line on Ariana, calling her “frail” and “delicate.” On one  ubject, however, Bathilda i  well worth the effort I put into procuring Verita erum, for  he, and  he alone, know  the full  tory of the be t-kept  ecret of Albu  Dumbledore’  life. Now revealed for the fir t time, it call  into que tion everything that hi  admirer  believed of Dumbledore: hi   uppo ed hatred of the Dark Art , hi  oppo ition into the oppre ion of Muggle , even hi  devotion to hi  own family. The very  ame  ummer that Dumbledore went home to Godric’  Hollow, now an orphan and head of the family, Bathilda Bag hot agreed to accept into her home her great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald. The name of Grindelwald i  ju tly famou : In a li t of Mo t Dangerou  Dark Wizard  of All Time, he would mi  out on the top  pot only becau e You-Know-Who arrived, a generation later, to  teal hi  crown. A  Grindelwald never extended hi  campaign of terror to Britain, however, the detail  of hi  ri e to power are not widely known here. Educated at Durm trang, a  chool famou  even then for it  unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Art , Grindelwald  howed him elf quite a  precociou ly brilliant a  Dumbledore. Rather than channel hi  abilitie  into the attainment of award  and prize , however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted him elf no other pur uit . At  ixteen year  old, even Durm trang felt it could no longer turn a blind eye to the twi ted experiment  of Gellert Grindelwald, and he wa  expelled. Hitherto, all that ha  been known of Grindelwald’  next movement  i  that he “traveled around for  ome month .” It can now be revealed that Grindelwald cho e to vi it hi  great-aunt in Godric’  Hollow, and that there, inten ely  hocking though it will be for many to hear it, he  truck up a clo e friend hip with none other than Albu  Dumbledore. “He  eemed a charming boy to me,” babble  Bathilda, “whatever he became later. Naturally I introduced him to poor Albu , who wa  mi ing the company of lad  hi  own age. The boy  took to each other at once.” They certainly did. Bathilda  how  me a letter, kept by her that Albu  Dumbledore  ent Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night. “Ye , even after they’d  pent all day in di cu ion --- both  uch brilliant young boy , they got on like a cauldron on fire --- I’d  ometime  hear an owl tapping at Gellert’  bedroom window, delivering a letter from Albu ! An idea would have  truck him and he had to let Gellert know immediately!” And what idea  they were. Profoundly  hocking though Albu  Dumbledore’  fan  will find it, here are the thought  of their  eventeen-year-old hero, a  relayed to hi  new be t friend. (A copy of the original letter may be  een on page 463.) Gellert --- Your point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES’ OWN GOOD --- thi , I think, i  the crucial point. Ye , we have been given power and ye , that power give  u  the right to rule, but it al o give  u  re pon ibilitie  over the ruled. We mu t  tre  thi  point, it will be the foundation  tone upon which we build. Where we are oppo ed, a  we  urely will be, thi  mu t be the ba i  of all our counterargument . We  eize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from thi  it follow  that where we meet re i tance, we mu t u e only the force that i  nece ary and no more. (Thi  wa  your mi take at Durm trang! But I do not complain, becau e if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.) Albu  A toni hed and appalled though hi  many admirer  will be, thi  letter con titute  the Statute of Secrecy and e tabli hing Wizard rule over Muggle . What a blow for tho e who have alway  portrayed Dumbledore a  the Muggle-born ’ greate t champion! How hollow tho e  peeche  promoting Muggle right   eem in the light of thi  damning new evidence! How de picable doe  Albu  Dumbledore appear, bu y plotting hi  ri e to power when he  hould have been mourning hi  mother and caring for hi   i ter! No doubt tho e determined to keep Dumbledore on hi  crumbling pede tal will bleat that he did not, after all, put hi  plan  into action, that he mu t have  uffered a change of heart, that he came to hi   en e . However, the truth  eem  altogether more  hocking. Barely two month  into their great new friend hip, Dumbledore and Grindelwald parted, never to  ee each other again until they met for their legendary duel (for more,  ee chapter 22). What cau ed thi  abrupt rupture? Had Dumbledore come to hi   en e ? Had he told Grindelwald he wanted no more part in hi  plan ? Ala , no. “It wa  poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it,”  ay  Bathilda. “It came a  an awful  hock. Gellert wa  there in the hou e when it happened, and he came back to my hou e all of a dither, told me he wanted to go home the next day. Terribly di tre ed, you know. So I arranged a Portkey and that wa  the la t I  aw of him. “Albu  wa  be ide him elf at Ariana’  death. It wa   o dreadful for tho e two brother . They had lo t everybody except for each other. No wonder temper  ran a little high. Aberforth blamed Albu , you know, a  people will under the e dreadful circum tance . But Aberforth alway  talked a little madly, poor boy. All the  ame, breaking Albu ’  no e at the funeral wa  not decent. It would have de troyed Kendra to  ee her  on  fighting like that, acro  her daughter’  body. A  hame Gellert could not have  tayed for the funeral. . . . He would have been a comfort to Albu , at lea t. . . . Thi  dreadful coffin- ide brawl, known only to tho e few who attended Ariana Dumbledore’  funeral, rai e   everal que tion . Why exactly did Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albu  for hi   i ter’  death? Wa  it, a  “Batty” pretend , a mere effu ion of grief? Or could there have been  ome more concrete rea on for hi  fury? Grindelwald, expelled from Durm trang for the near-fatal attack  upon fellow  tudent , fled the country hour  after the girl’  death, and Albu  (out of  hame or fear?) never  aw him again, not until forced to do  o by the plea  of the Wizarding world. Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever  eem  to have referred to thi  brief boyhood friend hip in later life. However, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delayed, for  ome five year  of turmoil, fatalitie , and di appearance , hi  attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. Wa  it lingering affection for the man or fear of expo ure a  hi  once be t friend that cau ed Dumbledore to he itate? Wa  it only reluctantly that Dumbledore  et out to capture the man he wa  once  o delighted he had met? And how did the my teriou  Ariana die? Wa   he the inadvertent victim of  ome Dark rite? Did  he  tumble acro   omething  he ought not to have done, a  the two young men  at practicing for their attempt at glory and domination? I  it po ible that Ariana Dumbledore wa  the fir t per on to die “for the greater good”? The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. Hermione had reached the bottom of the page before him. She tugged the book out of Harry’  hand , looking a little alarmed by hi  expre ion, and clo ed it without looking at it, a  though hiding  omething indecent. “Harry ---” But he  hook hi  head. Some inner certainty had cra hed down in ide him; it wa  exactly a  he had felt after Ron left. He had tru ted Dumbledore, believed him the embodiment of goodne  and wi dom. All wa  a he : How much more could he lo e? Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand . . . “Harry.” She  eemed to have heard hi  thought . “Li ten to me. It --- it doe n't make a very nice reading ---” “Yeah, you could  ay that ---” “--- but don't forget, Harry, thi  i  Rita Skeeter writing.” “You did read that letter to Grindelwald, didn't you?” “Ye , I --- I did.” She he itated, looking up et, cradling her tea in her cold hand . “I think that'  the wor t bit. I know Bathilda thought it wa  all ju t talk, but 'For the Greater Good' became Grindelwald'   logan, hi  ju tification for all the atrocitie  he committed later. And . . . from that . . . it look  like Dumbledore gave him the idea. They  ay 'For the Greater Good' wa  even carved over the entrance to Nurmengard.” “What'  Nurmengard?” “The pri on Grindelwald had built to hold hi  opponent . He ended up in there him elf, once Dumbledore had caught him. Anyway, it'  --- it’  an awful thought that Dumbledore'  idea  helped Grindelwald ri e to power. But on the other hand, even Rita can't pretend that they knew each other for more than a few month  one  ummer when they were both really young, and ---” “I thought you'd  ay that,”  aid Harry. He did not want to let hi  anger  pill out at her, but it wa  hard to keep hi  voice  teady. “I thought you'd  ay 'They were young.' They were the  ame age a  we are now. And here we are, ri king our live  to fight the Dark Art , and there he wa , in a huddle with hi  new be t friend, plotting their ri e to power over the Muggle .” Hi  temper would not remain in check much longer: He  tood up and walked around, trying to work  ome of it off. “I'm not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote,”  aid Hermione. “All that 'right to rule' rubbi h, it'  'Magic I  Might' all over again. But Harry, hi  mother had ju t died, he wa   tuck alone in the hou e ---” “Alone? He wa n't alone! He had hi  brother and  i ter for company, hi  Squib  i ter he wa  keeping locked up ---” “I don't believe it,”  aid Hermione. She  tood up too. “Whatever wa  wrong with that girl, I don't think  he wa  a Squib. The Dumbledore we knew would never, ever have allowed---” “The Dumbledore we thought we knew didn't want to conquer Muggle  by force!” Harry  houted, hi  voice echoing acro  the empty hilltop, and  everal blackbird  ro e into the air,  quawking and  piraling again t the pearly  ky. “He changed, Harry, he changed! It'  a   imple a  that! Maybe he did believe the e thing  when he wa   eventeen, but the whole of the re t of hi  life wa  devoted to fighting the Dark Art ! Dumbledore wa  the one who  topped Grindelwald, the one who alway  voted for Muggle protection and Muggle born right , who fought You-Know-Who from the  tart, and who died trying to bring him down!” Rita'  book lay on the ground between them,  o that the face of Albu  Dumbledore  miled dolefully at both. “Harry, I'm  orry, but I think the real rea on you're  o angry i  that Dumbledore never told you any of thi  him elf.” “Maybe I am!” Harry bellowed, and he flung hi  arm  over hi  head, hardly knowing whether he wa  trying to hold in hi  anger or protect him elf from the weight of hi  own di illu ionment. “Look what he a ked from me, Hermione! Ri k your life, Harry! And again! And again! And don't expect me to explain everything, ju t tru t me blindly, tru t that I know what I'm doing, tru t me even though I don't tru t you! Never the whole truth! Never!” Hi  voice cracked with the  train, and they  tood looking at each other in the whitene  and emptine , and Harry felt they were a  in ignificant a  in ect  beneath that wide  ky. “He loved you,” Hermione whi pered. “I know he loved you.” Harry dropped hi  arm . “I don't know who he loved, Hermione, but it wa  never me. Thi  i n't love, the me  he'  left me in. He  hared a damn  ight more of what he wa  really thinking with Gellert Grindelwald than he ever  hared with me.” Harry picked up Hermione'  wand, which he had dropped in the  now, and  at back down in the entrance of the tent. “Thank  for the tea. I'll fini h the watch. You get back in the warm.” She he itated, but recognized the di mi al. She picked up the book and then walked back pa t him into the tent, but a   he did  o,  he bru hed the top of hi  head lightly with her hand. He clo ed hi  eye  at her touch, and hated him elf for wi hing that what  he  aid wa  true: that Dumbledore had really cared. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER NINETEEN THE SILVER DOE It wa   nowing by the time Hermione took over the watch at midnight. Harry'  dream  were confu ed and di turbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, fir t through a wreath of Chri tma  ro e . He woke repeatedly, panicky, convinced that  omebody had called out to him in the di tance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent wa  foot tep  or voice . Finally he got up in the darkne  and joined Hermione, who wa  huddled in the entrance to the tent reading A Hi tory of Magic by the light of her wand. The  now wa  falling thickly, and  he greeted with relief hi   ugge tion of packing up early and moving on. “We'll  omewhere more  heltered,”  he agreed,  hivering a   he pulled on a  weat hirt over her pajama . “I kept thinking I could hear people moving out ide. I even though I  aw  omebody one or twice.” Harry pau ed in the act of pulling on a jumper and glanced at the  ilent, motionle  Sneako cope on the table. “I'm  ure I imagined it,”  aid Hermione, looking nervou . “The  now the dark, it play  trick  on your eye .... But perhap  we ought to Di apparate under the Invi ibility Cloak, ju t in ca e?” Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag, they Di apparated. The u ual tightne  engulfed them; Harry'  feet parted company with the  nowy ground, then  lammed hard onto what felt like frozen earth covered in leave . “Where are we?” he a ked, peering around at the fre h ma  of tree  a  Hermione opened the beaded bag and began tugging out the tent pole . “The Fore t of Dean,”  he  aid, “I came camping here once with my mum and dad.” Here too  now lay on the tree  all around and it wa  bitterly cold, but they were at lea t protected from the wind. They  pent mo t of the day in ide the tent, huddled for warmth around the u eful bright blue flame  that Hermione wa  adept at producing, and which could be  cooped up and carried in a jar. Harry felt a  though he wa  recuperating from  ome brief but  evere, an impre ion reinforced by Hermione'   olicitou ne . That afternoon fre h flake  drifted down upon them,  o that even their  heltered clearing had a fre h du ting of powdery  now. After two night  of little  leep, Harry'   en e   eemed more alert than u ual. Their e cape from Godric'  Hollow had been  o narrow that Voldemort  eemed  omehow clo er than before, more threatening. A  darkne  drove in again Harry refu ed Hermione'  offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed. Harry moved an old cu hion into the tent mouth and  at down, wearing all the  weater  he owned but even  o,  till  hivery. The darkne  deepened with the pa ing hour  until it wa  virtually impenetrable. He wa  on the point of taking out the Marauder'  Map,  o a  to watch Ginny'  dot for a while, before he remembered that it wa  the Chri tma  holiday  and that  he would be back at the Burrow. Every tiny movement  eemed magnified in the va tne  of the fore t. Harry knew that it mu t be full of living creature , but he wi hed they would all remain  till and  ilent  o that he could  eparate their innocent  currying  and prowling  from noi e  that might proclaim other,  ini ter movement . He remembered the  ound of a cloak  lithering over dead leave  many year  ago, and at once thought he heard it again before mentally  haking him elf. Their protective enchantment  had worked for week ; why  hould they break now? And yet he could no throw off the feeling that  omething wa  different tonight. Several time  he jerked upright, hi  neck aching becau e he had fallen a leep,  lumped at an awkward angle again t the  ide of the tent. The night reached  uch a depth of velvety blackne  that he might have been  u pended in limbo between Di apparation and Apparation. He had ju t held a hand in front of hi  face to  ee whether he could make out hi  finger  when it happened. A bright  ilver light appeared right ahead of him, moving through the tree . Whatever the  ource, it wa  moving  oundle ly. The light  eemed  imply to drift toward him. He jumped to hi  feet, hi  voice frozen in hi  throat, and rai ed Hermione'  wand. He  crewed up hi  eye  a  the light became blinding, the tree  in front of it pitch black in  ilhouette, and  till the thing came clo er.... And then the  ource of the light  tepped out from behind an oak. It wa  a  ilver white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, picking her way over the ground,  till  ilent, and leaving no hoofprint  in the fine powdering of  now. She  tepped toward him, her beautiful head with it  wide, long-la hed eye  held high. Harry  tared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her  trangene , but her inexplicable familiarity. He felt that he had been waiting for her to come, but that he had forgotten, until thi  moment, that they had arranged to meet. Hi  impul e to  hout for Hermione, which had been  o  trong a moment ago, had gone. He knew, he would have  taked hi  life on it, that  he had come for him, and him alone. They gazed at each other for  everal long moment  and then  he turned and walked away. “No,” he  aid, and hi  voice wa  cracked with lack of u e. “Come back!” She continued to  tep deliberately through the tree , and  oon he brightne  wa   triped by their thick black trunk . For one trembling  econd he he itated. Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. But in tinct, overwhelming in tinct, told him that thi  wa  not Dark Magic. He  et off in pur uit. Snow crunched beneath hi  feet, but the doe made no noi e a   he pa ed through the tree , for  he wa  nothing but light. Deeper and deeper into the fore t  he led him, and Harry walked quickly,  ure that when  he  topped,  he would allow him to approach her properly. And then  he would  peak and the voice would tell him what he needed to know. At la t  he came to a halt. She turned her beautiful head toward him once more, and he broke into a run, a que tion burning in him, but a  he opened hi  lip  to a k it,  he vani hed. Though the darkne  had  wallowed her whole, her burni hed image wa   till imprinted on hi  retina ; it ob cured hi  vi ion, brightening when he lowered hi  eyelid , di orienting him. Now fear came: Her pre ence had meant  afety. “Lumo !” he whi pered, and the wand-tip ignited. The imprint of the doe faded away with every blink of hi  eye  a  he  tood there, li tening to the  ound  of the fore t, to di tant crackle  of twig ,  oft  wi he  of  now. Wa  he about to be attacked? Had  he enticed him into an ambu h? Wa  he imagining that  omebody  tood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watching him? He held the wand higher. Nobody ran out at him, no fla h of green light bur t from behind a tree. Why, then, had  he led him to thi   pot? Something gleamed in the light of the wand, and Harry  pun about, but all that wa  there wa  a  mall, frozen pool, it  black, cracked  urface glittering a  he rai ed hi  wand higher to examine it. He moved forward rather cautiou ly and looked down. The ice reflected hi  di torted  hadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, mi ty gray carapace,  omething el e glinted. A great  ilver cro ... Hi  heart  kipped into hi  mouth: He dropped to hi  knee  at the pool'  edge and angled the wand  o a  to flood the bottom of the pool with a  much light a  po ible. A glint of deep red...It wa  a  word with glittering rubie  in it  hilt....The  word of Gryffindor wa  lying at the bottom of the fore t pool. Barely breathing, he  tared down at it. How wa  thi  po ible? How could it have come to be lying in a fore t pool, thi  clo e to the place where they were camping? Had  ome unknown magic drawn Hermione to thi   pot, or wa  the doe, which he had taken to be a Patronu ,  ome kind of guardian of the pool? Or had the  word been put into the pool after they had arrived, preci ely becau e they were here? In which ca e, where wa  the per on who wanted to pa  it to Harry? Again he directed the wand at the  urrounding tree  and bu he ,  earching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could not  ee anyone there. All the  ame, a little more fear leavened hi  exhilaration a  he returned hi  attention to the  word repo ing upon the bottom of the frozen pool. He pointed the wand at the  ilvery  hape and murmured, “Accio Sword.” It did not  tir. He had not expected it to. If it had been that ea y the  word would have lain on the ground for him to pick up, not in the depth  of a frozen pool. He  et off around the circle of ice, thinking hard about the la t time the  word had delivered it elf to him. He had been in terrible danger then, and had a ked for help. “Help,” he murmured, but the  word remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent, motionle . What wa  it, Harry a ked him elf (walking again), that Dumbledore had told him the la t time he had retrieved the  word? Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat. And what were the qualitie  that defined a Gryffindor? A  mall voice in ide Harry'  head an wered him: Their daring nerve and chivalry  et Gryffindor apart. Harry  topped walking and let out a long  igh, hi   moky breath di per ing rapidly upon the frozen air. He knew what he had to do. If he wa  hone t with him elf, he had thought it might come to thi  from the moment he had  potted the  word through the ice. He glanced around at the  urrounding tree  again, but wa  convinced now that nobody wa  going to attack him. They had had their chance a  he walked alone through the fore t, had had plenty of opportunity a  he examined the pool. The only rea on to delay at thi  point wa  becau e the immediate pro pect wa   o deeply uninviting. With fumbling finger  Harry  tarted to remove hi  many layer  of clothing. Where “chivalry” entered into thi , he thought ruefully, he wa  not entirely  ure, unle  it counted a  chivalrou  that he wa  not calling for Hermione to do it in hi   tead. An owl hooted  omewhere a  he  tripped off, and he thought with a pang of Hedwig. He wa   hivering now, hi  teeth chattering horribly, and yet he continued to  trip off until at la t he  tood there in hi  underwear, barefooted in the  now. He placed the pouch containing hi  wand, hi  mother'  letter, the  hard of Siriu '  mirror, and the old Snitch on top of hi  clothe , then he pointed Hermione'  wand at the ice. “Diffindo.” It cracked with a  ound like a bullet in the  ilence. The  urface of the pool broke and chunk  of dark ice rocked on the ruffled water. A  far a  Harry could judge, it wa  not deep, but to retrieve the  word he would have to  ubmerge him elf completely. Contemplating the ta k ahead would not make it ea ier or the water warmer. He  tepped to the pool'  edge and placed Hermione'  wand on the ground  till lit. Then, trying not to imagine how much colder he wa  about to become or how violently he would  oon be  hivering, he jumped. Every pore of hi  body  creamed in prote t. The very air in hi  lung   eemed to freeze  olid a  he wa   ubmerged to hi   houlder  in the frozen water. He could hardly breathe: trembling  o violently the water lapped over the edge  of the pool, he felt for the blade with hi  numb feet. He only wanted to dive once. Harry put off the moment of total  ubmer ion from  econd to  econd, ga ping and  haking, until he told him elf that it mu t be done, gathered all hi  courage, and dived. The cold wa  agony: It attacked him like fire. Hi  brain it elf  eemed to have frozen a  he pu hed through the dark water to the bottom and reached out, groping for the  word. Hi  finger  clo ed around the hilt; he pulled it upward. Then  omething clo ed tight around hi  neck. He thought of water weed , though nothing had bru hed him a  he dived, and rai ed hi  hand to free him elf. It wa  not weed: The chain of the Horcrux had tightened and wa   lowly con tricting hi  windpipe. Harry kicked out wildly, trying to pu h him elf back to the  urface, but merely propelled him elf into the rocky  ide of the pool. Thra hing,  uffocating, he  crabbled at the  trangling chain, hi  frozen finger  unable to loo en it, and now little light  were popping in ide hi  head, and he wa  going to drown, there wa  nothing left, nothing he could do, and the arm  that clo ed around hi  che t were  urely Death' .... Choking and retching,  oaking and colder than he had ever been in hi  life, he came to facedown in the  now. Somewhere, clo e by, another per on wa  panting and coughing and  taggering around, a   he had come when the  nake attacked....Yet it did not  ound like her, not with tho e deep cough , no judging by the weight of the foot tep .... Harry had no  trength to lift hi  head and  ee hi   avior'  identity. All he could do wa  rai e a  haking hand to hi  throat and feel the place where the locket had cut tightly into hi  fle h. It wa  gone. Someone had cut him free. Then a panting voice  poke from over hi  head. “Are -- you -- mental?” Nothing but the  hock of hearing that voice could have given Harry the  trength to get up. Shivering violently, he  taggered to hi  feet. There before him  tood Ron, fully dre ed but drenched to the  kin, hi  hair pla tered to hi  face, the  word of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangling from it  broken chain in the other. “Why the hell,” panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, which  wung backward and forward on it   hortened chain in  ome parody of hypno i , “didn't you take the thing off before you dived?” Harry could not an wer. The  ilver doe wa  nothing, nothing compared with Ron'  reappearance; he could not believe it. Shuddering with cold, he caught up the pile of clothe   till lying at the water'  edge and began to pull them on. A  he dragged  weater after  weater over hi  head, Harry  tared at Ron, half expecting him to have di appeared every time he lo t  ight of him, and yet he had to be real: He had ju t dived into the pool, he had  aved Harry'  life. “It wa  y-you?” Harry  aid at la t, hi  teeth chattering, hi  voice weaker than u ual due to hi  near- trangulation. “Well, yeah,”  aid Ron, looking  lightly confu ed. “Y-you ca t that doe?” “What? No, of cour e not! I thought it wa  you doing it!” “My Patronu  i  a  tag.” “Oh yeah. I thought it looked different. No antler .” Harry put Hagrid'  pouch back around hi  neck, pulled on a final  weater,  tooped to pick up Hermione'  wand, and faced Ron again. “How come you're here?” Apparently Ron had hoped that thi  point would come up later, if at all. “Well, I've -- you know -- I've come back. If --” He cleared hi  throat. “You know. You  till want me.” There wa  a pau e, in which the  ubject of Ron'  departure  eemed to ri e like a wall between them. Yet he wa  here. He had returned. He had ju t  aved Harry'  life. Ron looked down at hi  hand . He  eemed momentarily  urpri ed to  ee the thing  he wa  holding. “Oh yeah, I got it out,” he  aid, rather unnece arily, holding up the  word for Harry'  in pection. “That'  why you jumped in, right?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “But I don't under tand. How did you get here? How did you find u ?” “Long  tory,”  aid Ron. “I've been looking for you for hour , it'  a big fore t, i n't it? And I wa  ju t thinking I'd have to go kip under a tree and wait for morning when I  aw that dear coming and you following.” “You didn't  ee anyone el e?” “No,”  aid Ron. “I --” But he he itated, glancing at two tree  growing clo e together  ome yard  away. “I did think I  aw  omething move over there, but I wa  running to the pool at the time, becau e you'd gone in and you hadn't come up,  o I wa n't going to make a detour to -- hey!” Harry wa  already hurrying to the place that Ron had indicated. The two oak  grew clo e together; there wa  a gap of only a few inche  between the trunk  at eye level, an ideal place to  ee but not be  een. The ground around the root , however, wa  free of  now, and Harry could  ee no  ign of footprint . He walked back to where Ron  tood waiting,  till holding the  word and the Horcrux. “Anything there?” Ron a ked. “No,”  aid Harry. “So how did the  word get in that pool?” “Whoever ca t the Patronu  mu t have put it there.” They both looked at the ornate  ilver  word, it  rubied hilt glinting a little in the light from Hermione'  wand. “You reckon thi  i  the real one?” a ked Ron. “One way to find out, i n't there?”  aid Harry. The Horcrux wa   till  winging from Ron'  hand. The locket wa  twitching  lightly. Harry knew that the thing in ide it wa  agitated again. It had  en ed the pre ence of the  word and had tried to kill Harry rather than let him po e  it. Now wa  not the time for long di cu ion ; now wa  the moment to de troy once and for all. Harry looked around, holding Hermione'  wand high, and  aw the place: a flatti h rock lying in the  hadow of a  ycamore tree. “Come here.” he  aid and he led the way, bru hed  now from the rock'   urface, and held out hi  hand for the Horcrux. When Ron offered the  word, however, Harry  hook hi  head. “No you  hould do it.” “Me?”  aid Ron, looking  hocked. “Why?” “Becau e you got the  word out of the pool. I think it'   uppo ed to be you.” He wa  not being kind or generou . A  certainly a  he had known that the doe wa  benign, he knew that Ron had to be the one to wield the  word. Dumbledore had at lea t taught Harry  omething about certain kind  of magic, of the incalculable power of certain act . “I'm going to open it,”  aid Harry, “and you will  tab it. Straightaway okay? Becau e whatever'  in there will put up a fight. The bit of Riddle in the Diary tried to kill me.” “How are you going to open it?” a ked Ron. He looked terrified “I'm going to a k it to open, u ing Par eltongue,”  aid Harry. The an wer came  o readily to hi  lip  that thought that he had alway  known it deep down: Perhap  it had taken hi  recent encounter with Nagini to make him realize it. He looked at the  erpentine S, inlaid with glittering green  tone : It wa  ea y to vi ualize it a  a mini cule  nake, curled upon the cold rock. “No!”  aid Ron. “Don't open it! I'm  eriou !” “Why not?” a ked Harry. “Let'  get rid of the damn thing, it'  been month  --” “I can't, Harry, I'm  eriou  -- you do it --” “But why?” “Becau e that thing'  bad for me!”  aid Ron, backing away from the locket on the rock. “I can't handle it! I'm not making excu e , for what I wa  like, but it affect  me wor e than it affect  you and Hermione, it made me think  tuff --  tuff that I wa  thinking anyway, but it made everything wor e. I can't explain it, and then I'd take it off and I'd get my head  traight again, and then I'd have to put the effing thing back on -- I can't do it Harry!” He had backed away, the  word dragging at hi   ide,  haking hi  head. “You can do it,”  aid Harry, “you can! You've ju t got the  word, I know it'   uppo ed to be you who u e  it. Plea e ju t get rid of it Ron.” The  ound of hi  name  eemed to act like a  timulant. Ron  wallowed, then  till breathing hard through hi  long no e, moved back toward the rock. “Tell me when,” he croaked. “On three,”  aid Harry, looking back down at the locket and narrowing hi  eye , concentrating on the letter S, imagining a  erpent, while the content  of the locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. It would have been ea y to pity it, except that the cut around Harry'  neck  till burned. “One . . . two . . . three . . .open.” The la t word came a  a hi  and a  narl and the golden door  of the locket  wung wide open with a little click. Behind both of the gla  window  within blinked a living eye, dark and hand ome a  Tom Riddle'  eye  had been before he turned them  carlet and  lit-pupiled “Stab,”  aid Harry, holding the locket  teady on the rock. Ron rai ed the  word in hi   haking hand : The point dangled over the frantically  wiveling eye , and Harry gripped the locket tightly, bracing him elf, already imagining blood pouring from the empty window . Then a voice hi ed from out the Horcrux. “I have  een your heart, and it i  mine.” “Don't li ten to it!” Harry  aid har hly. “Stab it!” “I have  een your dream , Ronald Wea ley, and I have  een your fear . All you de ire i  po ible, but all that you dread i  al o po ible....” “Stab!”  houted Harry, hi  voice echoed off the  urrounding tree , the  word point trembled, and Ron gazed down into Riddle'  eye . “Lea t loved, alway , by the mother who craved a daughter . . . Lea t loved, now, by the girl who prefer  your friend . . . Second be t, alway , eternally over hadowed . . .” “Ron,  tab it now!” Harry bellowed: He could feel the locket quivering in the grip and wa   cared of what wa  coming. Ron rai ed the  word  till higher, and a  he did  o, Riddle'  eye  gleamed  carlet. Out of the locket'  two window , out of the eye , there bloomed like two grote que bubble , the head  of Harry and Hermione, weirdly di torted. Ron yelled in  hock and backed away a  the figure  blo omed out of the locket, fir t che t , then wai t , then leg , until they  tood in the locket,  ide by  ide like tree  with a common root,  waying over Ron and the real Harry, who had  natched hi  finger  away from the locket a  it burned,  uddenly, white-hot. “Ron!” he  houted, but the Riddle-Harry wa  now  peaking with Voldemort'  voice and Ron wa  gazing, me merized, into it  face. “Why return? We were better without you, happier without you, glad of your ab ence.... We laughed at your  tupidity, your cowardice, your pre umption--” “Pre umption!” echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who wa  more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real Hermione: She  wayed, cackling, before Ron, who looked horrified, yet tran fixed, the  word hanging pointle ly at hi   ide. “Who could look at you, who would ever look at you, be ide Harry Potter? What have you ever done, compared with the Cho en One? What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived?” “Ron,  tab it, STAB IT!” Harry yelled, but Ron did not move. Hi  eye  were wide, and the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione were reflected in them, their hair  wirling like flame , their eye   hining red, their voice  lifted in an evil duet. “Your mother confe ed,”  neered Riddle-Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, “that  he would have preferred me a  a  on, would be glad to exchange...” “Who wouldn't prefer him, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to him,” crooned Riddle-Hermione, and  he  tretched like a  nake and entwined her elf around Riddle-Harry, wrapping him in a clo e embrace: Their lip  met. On the ground in front of them, Ron'  face filled with angui h. he rai ed the  word high, hi  arm   haking. “Do it, Ron!” Harry yelled. Ron looked toward him, and Harry thought he  aw a trace of  carlet in hi  eye . “Ron --?” The  word fla hed, plunged: Harry threw him elf out of the way, there a  a clang of metal and a long, drawn-out  cream. Harry whirled around,  lipping in the  now, wand held ready to defend him elf, but there wa  nothing to fight. The mon trou  ver ion  of him elf and Hermione were gone: There wa  only Ron,  tanding there with the  word held  lackly in hi  hand, looking down at the  hattered remain  of the locket on the flat rock. Slowly, Harry walked back to him, hardly knowing what to  ay or do. Ron wa  breathing heavily: Hi  eye  were no longer red at all, but their normal blue: they were al o wet. Harry  tooped, pretending he had not  een, and picked up the broken Horcrux. Ron had pierced the gla  in both window : Riddle'  eye  were gone, and the  tained  ilk lining of the locket wa   moking  lightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had vani hed; torturing Ron had been it  final act. The  word clanged a  Ron dropped it. He had  unk to hi  knee , hi  head in hi  arm . He wa   haking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry crammed the broken locket into hi  pocket, knelt down be ide Ron, and placed a hand cautiou ly on hi   houlder. He took it a  a good  ign that Ron did not throw it off. “After you left,” he  aid in a low voice, grateful for the fact that Ron'  face wa  hidden, “ he cried for a week. Probably longer, only  he didn't want me to  ee. There were load  of night  when we never even  poke to each other. With you gone...” He could not fini h; it wa  now that Ron wa  here again that Harry fully realized how much hi  ab ence had co t them. “She'  like my  i ter,” he went on. “I love her like a  i ter and I reckon that  he feel  the  ame way about me. It'  alway  been like that. I thought you knew.” Ron did not re pond, but turned hi  face away from Harry and wiped hi  no e noi ily on hi   leeve. Harry got to hi  feet again and walked to where Ron'  enormou  ruck ack lay yard  away, di carded a  Ron had run toward the pool to  ave Harry from drowning. He hoi ted it onto hi  own back and walked back to Ron, who clambered to hi  feet a  Harry approached, eye  blood hot but otherwi e compo ed. “I'm  orry,” he  aid in a thick voice. “I'm  orry I left. I know I wa  a -- a --” He looked around at the darkne , a  if hoping a bad enough word would  woop down upon him and claim him. “You've  ort of made up for it tonight,”  aid Harry. “Getting the  word. Fini hing off the Horcrux. Saving my life.” “That make  me  ound a lot cooler than I wa ,” Ron mumbled. “Stuff like that alway   ound  cooler than it really wa ”  aid Harry. “I've been trying to tell you that for year .” Simultaneou ly they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the  till- opping back of Ron'  jacket. “And now,”  aid Harry a  they broke apart, “all we've got to do i  find that tent again.” But it wa  not difficult. Though the walk through the dark fore t with the doe had  eemed lengthy, with Ron by hi   ide, the journey back  eemed to take a  urpri ingly  hort time. Harry could not wait to wake Hermione, and it wa  with quickening excitement that he entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind him. It wa  gloriou ly warm after the pool and the fore t, the only illumination the bluebell flame   till  himmering in a bowl on the floor. Hermione wa  fa t a leep, curled up under her blanket , and did not move until Harry had  aid her name  everal time . “Hermione!” She  tirred, then  at up quickly, pu hing her hair out of her face. “What'  wrong? Harry? Are you all right?” “It'  okay, everything'  fine. More than fine, I'm great. There'   omeone here.” “What do you mean? Who --?” She  aw Ron, who  tood there holding the  word and dripping onto the threadbare carpet. Harry backed into a  hadowy corner,  lipped off Ron'  ruck ack, and attempted to blend in with the canva . Hermione  lid out of her bunk and moved like a  leepwalker toward Ron, her eye  upon hi  pale face. She  topped right in front of him, her lip   lightly parted, her eye  wide. Ron gave a weak hopeful  mile and half rai ed hi  arm . Hermione launched her elf forward and  tarted punching every inch of him that  he could reach. “Ouch -- ow -- gerroff! What the --? Hermione -- OW!” “You -- complete -- ar e -- Ronald -- Wea ley!” She punctuated every word with a blow: Ron backed away,  hielding hi  head a  Hermione advanced. “You -- crawl -- back -- here -- after -- week  -- and -- week  -- oh, where'  my wand?” She looked a  though ready to wre tle it out of Harry'  hand  and he reacted in tinctively. “Protego!” The invi ible  hield erupted between Ron and Hermione. The force of it knocked her backward onto the floor. Spitting hair out of her mouth,  he lept up again. “Hermione!”  aid Harry. “Calm --” “I will not calm down!”  he  creamed. Never before had he  een her lo e control like thi ;  he looked quite demented. “Give me back my wand! Give it back to me!” “Hermione, will you plea e --” “Don't you tell me what do, Harry Potter!”  he  creeched. “Don't you dare! Give it back now! And YOU!” She wa  pointing at Ron in dire accu ation: It wa  like a malediction, and Harry could not blame Ron for retreating  everal  tep . “I cam running after you! I called you! I begged you to come back” “I know,” Ron  aid, “Hermione, I'm  orry, I'm really --” “Oh, you're  orry!” She laughed a high-pitched, out-of-control  ound; Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely grimaced hi  helple ne . “You came back after week  -- week  -- and you think it'  all going to be all right if you ju t  ay  orry?” “Well, what el e can I  ay?” Ron  houted, and Harry wa  glad that Ron wa  fighting back. “Oh, I don't know!” yelled Hermione with awful  arca m. “Rack your brain , Ron, that  hould only take a couple of  econd  --” “Hermione,” interjected Harry, who con idered thi  a low blow, “he ju t  aved my --” “I don't care!”  he  creamed. “I don't care what he'  done! Week  and week , we could have been dead for all he knew --” “I knew you weren't dead!” bellowed Ron, drowning her voice for the fir t time, and approaching a  clo e a  he could with the Shield Charm between them. “Harry'  all over the Prophet, all over the radio, they're looking for you everywhere, all the e rumor  and mental  torie , I knew I'd hear  traight off if you were dead, you don't know what it'  been like --” "What it'  been like for you?? Her voice wa  not  o  hrill only bat  would be able to hear it  oon, but  he had reached a level of indignation that rendered her temporarily  peechle , and Ron  eized hi  opportunity. “I wanted to come back the minute I'd Di apparated, but I walked  traight into a gang of Snatcher , Hermione, and I couldn't go anywhere!” “A gang of what?” a ked Harry, a  Hermione threw her elf down into a chair with her arm  and leg  cro ed  o tightly it  eemed unlikely that  he would unravel them for  everal year . “Snatcher ,”  aid Ron. “They're everywhere -- gang  trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggle-born  and blood traitor , there'  a reward from the Mini try for everyone captured. I wa  on my own and I look like I might be  chool age; they got really excited, thought I wa  a Muggle-born in hiding. I had to talk fa t to get out of being dragged to the Mini try.” “What did you  ay to them?” “Told them I wa  Stan Shunpike. Fir t per on I could think of.” “And they believed that?” “They weren't the brighte t. One of them wa  definitely part troll, the  mell of him....” Ron glanced at Hermione, clearly hopeful  he might  often at thi   mall in tance of humor, but her expre ion remained  tony above her tightly knotted limb . “Anyway, they had a row about whether I wa  Stan or not. It wa  a bit pathetic to be hone t, but there were  till five of them and only one of me, and they'd taken my wand. Then two of them got into a fight and while the other  were di tracted I managed to hit the one holding me in the  tomach, grabbed hi  wand, Di armed the bloke holding mine, and Di apparated. I didn't do it  o well. Splinched my elf again” -- Ron held up hi  right hand to  how two mi ing fingernail : Hermione rai ed her eyebrow  coldly -- “and I came out mile  from where you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank where we'd been ... you were gone.” “Go h, what a gripping  tory,” Hermione  aid in the lofty voice  he adopted when wi hing to wound. “You mu t have been  imply terrified. Meanwhile we went to Godric'  Hollow and, let'  think, what happened there, Harry? Oh ye , You-Know-Who'   nake turned up, it nearly killed both of u , and then You-Know-Who him elf arrived and mi ed u  by about a  econd.” “What?” Ron  aid, gaping from her to Harry, but Hermione ignored him. “Imagine lo ing fingernail , Harry! That really put  our  uffering  into per pective, doe n't it?” “Hermione,”  aid Harry quietly, “Ron ju t  aved my life.” She appeared not to have heard him. “One thing I would like to know, though,”  he  aid, fixing her eye  on a  pot a foot over Ron'  head. “How exactly did you find u  tonight? That'  important. Once we know, we'll be able to make  ure we're not vi ited by anyone el e we don't want to  ee.” Ron glared at her, then pulled a  mall  ilver object from hi  jean  pocket. “Thi .” She had to look at Ron to  ee what he wa   howing them. “The Deluminator?”  he a ked,  o  urpri ed  he forgot to look cold and fierce. “It doe n't ju t turn the light  on and off,”  aid Ron. “I don't know how it work  or why it happened then and not any other time, becau e I've been wanting to come back ever  ince I left. But I wa  li tening to the radio really early on Chri tma  morning and I heard ... I heard you.” He wa  looking at Hermione. “You heard me on the radio?”  he a ked incredulou ly. “No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. Your voice,” he held up the Deluminator again, “came out of thi .” “And what exactly did I  ay?” a ked Hermione, her tone  omewhere between  keptici m and curio ity. “My name. 'Ron.' And you  aid ...  omething about a wand....” Hermione turned a fiery  hade of  carlet. Harry remembered: it had been the fir t time Won'  name had been  aid aloud by either of them  ince the day he had left; Hermione had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry'  wand. “So I took it out,” Ron went on, looking at the Deluminator, “and it didn't  eem different or anything, but I wa   ure I'd heard you. So I clicked it. And the light went out in my room, but another light appeared right out ide the window.” Ron rai ed hi  empty hand and pointed in front of him, hi  eye  focu ed on  omething neither Harry nor Hermione could  ee. “It wa  a ball of light, kind of pul ing, and blui h, like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry and Hermione together automatically. “I knew thi  wa  it,”  aid Ron. "I grabbed my  tuff and packed it, then I put on my ruck ack and went out into the garden. “The little ball of light wa  hovering there, waiting for me, and when I came out it bobbed along a bit and I followed it behind the  hed and then it ... well, it went in ide me.” “Sorry?”  aid Harry,  ure he had not heard correctly. “It  ort of floated toward me,”  aid Ron, illu trating the movement with hi  free index finger, “right to my che t, and then -- it ju t went  traight through. It wa  here,” he touched a point clo e to hi  heard, “I could feel it, it wa  hot. And once it wa  in ide me, I knew what I wa   uppo ed to do. I knew it would take me where I needed to go. So I Di apparated and came out on the  ide of a hill. There wa   now everywhere....” “We were there,”  aid Harry. “We  pent two night  there, and the  econd night I kept thinking I could hear  omeone moving around in the dark and calling out!” “Yeah, well, that would've been me,”  aid Ron. “Your protective  pell  work, anyway, becau e I couldn't  ee you and I couldn't hear you. I wa   ure you were around, though,  o in the end I got in my  leeping bag and waited for one of you to appear. I thought you'd have to  how your elve  when you packed up the tent.” “No, actually,”  aid Hermione. “We've been Di apparating under the Invi ibility Cloak a  an extra precaution. And we left really early, becau e a  Harry  ay , we'd heard  omebody blundering around.” “Well, I  tayed on that hill all day,”  aid Ron. “I kept hoping you'd appear. But when it  tarted to get dark I knew I mu t have mi ed you,  o I clicked the Deluminator again, the blue light came out and went in ide me, and I Di apparated and arrived here in the e wood . I  till couldn't  ee you,  o I ju t had to hope one of you would  how your elve  in the end -- and Harry did. Well, I  aw the doe fir t, obviou ly.” “You  aw the what?”  aid Hermione  harply. They explained what had happened and a  the  tory of the  ilver doe and the  word in the pool unfolded, Hermione frowned form one to the other of them, concentrating  o hard  he forgot to keep her limb  locked together. “But it mu t have been a Patronu !”  he  aid. “Couldn't you  ee who wa  ca ting it? Didn't you  ee anyone? And it led you to the  word! I can't believe thi ! Then what happened?” Ron explained how he had watched Harry jump into the pool, and had waited for him to re urface; how he had realized that  omething wa  wrong, dived in, and  aved Harry, then returned for the  word. He got a  far a  the opening of the locket, then he itated, and Harry cut in. “-- and Ron  tabbed it with the  word.” “And ... and it went? Ju t like that?”  he whi pered. “Well, it -- it  creamed,”  aid Harry with half a glance at Ron. “Here.” He threw the locket into her lap; gingerly  he picked it up and examined it  punctured window . Deciding that it wa  at la t  afe to do  o, Harry removed the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermione'  wand and turned to Ron. “Did you ju t  ay now that you got away from the  natcher  with a  pare wand?” “What?”  aid Ron, who had been watching Hermione examining the locket. “Oh -- oh yeah.” He tugged open a buckle on hi  ruck ack and pulled a  hort dark wand out of hi  pocket. “Here, I figured it'  alway  handy to have a backup.” “You were right,”  aid Harry, holding out hi  hand. “Mine'  broken.” “You're kidding?” Ron  aid, but at that moment Hermione got to her feet, and he looked apprehen ive again. Hermione put the vanqui hed Horcrux into the beaded bag, then climbed back into her bed and  ettled down without another word. Ron pa ed Harry the new wand. “About the be t you could hope for, I think,” murmured Harry. “Yeah,”  aid Ron. “Could've been wor e. Remember tho e bird   he  et on me?” “I  till haven't ruled it out,” came Hermione'  muffled voice from beneath her blanket , but Harry  aw Ron  miling  lightly a  he pulled hi  maroon pajama  out of hi  ruck ack. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY XENOPHILIUS LOVEGOOD Harry had not expected Hermione'  anger to abate over night and wa  therefore un urpri ed that  he communicated mainly by dirty look  and pointed  ilence  the next morning. Ron re ponded by maintaining an unnaturally  omber demeanor in her pre ence a  an outward  ign of continuing remor e. In fact, when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During tho e few moment  he  pent alone with Harry, however (collecting water and  earching the undergrowth for mu hroom ). Ron became  hamele ly cheery. “Someone helped u ,” he kept  aying, “Someone  ent that doe, Someone'  on our  ide, One Horcrux down, mate!” Bol tered by the de truction of the locket they  et to debating the po ible location  of the other Horcruxe  and even though they had di cu ed the matter  o often before. Harry felt optimi tic, certain that more breakthrough  would  ucceed the fir t. Hermione'   ulkine  could not mar hi  buoyant  pirit ; The  udden up wing in their fortune , the appearance of the my teriou  due, the recovery of Gryffindor’   word, and above all, Ron'  return made Harry  o happy that it wa  quite difficult to maintain a  traight face. Late in the afternoon he and Ron e caped Hermione'  baleful pre ence again and under the preten e of  couring the bare hedge  for nonexi tent blackberrie , they continued their ongoing exchange of new . Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole  tory of hi  and Hermione'  variou  wandering , right up to the full  tory of what had happened at Godric'  Hollow; Ron wa  now filling Harry in on everything he had di covered about the wider Wizarding world during hi  week  away. “... and how did you find out about the Taboo?” he a ked Harry after explaining the many de perate attempt  of Muggle-born  to evade the Mini try.“ ”The what?“ ”You and Hermione have  topped  aying You-Know-Who'  name!“ ”Oh, yeah, Well, it'  ju t a bad habit we've  lipped into,“  aid Harry. ”But I haven't got a problem calling him V ---“ ”NO!“ roared Ron, cau ing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (no e buried in a book at the tent entrance) to  cowl over at them. ”Sorry,“  aid Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the bramble , ”but the name'  been jinxed, Harry, that'  how they track people! U ing hi  name break  protective enchantment , it cau e   ome kind of magical di turbance --- it'  how they found u  in Tottenham Court Road!“ ”Becau e we u ed hi  *name*?“ ”Exactly! You've got to give them credit, it make   en e. It wa  only people who were  eriou  about  tanding up to him, like Dumbledore, who even dared u e it. Now they've put a Taboo on it, anyone who  ay  it i  trackable --- quick-and-ea y way to find Order member ! They nearly got King ley ---“ ”You're kidding?“ ”Yeah, a bunch of Death Eater  cornered him, Bill  aid but he fought hi  way out. He'  on the run now ju t like u .“ Ron  cratched hi  chin thoughtfully with the end of hi  wand. ”You don't reckon King ley could have  ent that doe?“ ”Hi  Patronu  i  a lynx, we  aw it at the wedding, remember?“ ”Oh yeah...“ They moved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Hermione. ”Harry... you don't reckon it could've been Dumbledore?“ ”Dumbledore what?“ Ron looked a little embarra ed, but  aid in a low voice, ”Dumbledore ... the doe? I mean,“ Ron wa  watching Harry out of the corner  of hi  eye , ”he had the real  word la t, didn't he? Harry did not laugh at Ron, becau e he under tood too well the longing behind the que tion. The idea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them, that he wa  watching over them, would have inexpre ibly comforting. He  hook hi  head. “Dumbledore’  dead,” he  aid. “I  aw it happen, I  aw the body. He'  definitely gone. Anyway hi  Patronu  wa  a phoenix, not a doe” “Patronu e  can change, though can't they?”  aid Ron, “Tonk ’  changed didn't it?” Yeah, but if Dumbledore wa  alive, why wouldn't he  how him elf? Why wouldn't he ju t hand u  the  word? “Search me,”  aid Ron. “Same rea on he didn't give it to you while he wa  alive? Same rea on he left you an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kid'   torie ?” “Which i  what?” a ked Harry, turning to look Ron full in the face de perate for the an wer. “I dunno,”  aid Ron. “Sometime  I've thought, when I've been a bit hacked off, he wa  having a laugh or --- or he ju t wanted to make it more difficult, But I don't think  o, not anymore. He knew what he wa  doing when he gave me the Deluminator, didn't he? He -- well,” Ron'  ear  turned bright red and he became engro ed in a tuft of gra  at hi  feet, which he prodded with hi  toe, “he mu t've known I'd run out on you.” “No,” Harry corrected him. “He mu t've known you'd alway  want to come back.” Ron looked grateful, but  till awkward. Partly to change the  ubject, Harry  aid, “Speaking of Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote about him?” “Oh yeah,”  aid Ron at once, “people are talking about it quite a lot. 'Cour e, if thing  were different it'd be huge new , Dumbledore being pal  with Grindelwald, but now it'  ju t  omething to laugh about for people who didn't like Dumbledore, and a bit of a  lap in the face for everyone who thought he wa   uch a good bloke. I don't know that it'   uch a big deal, though. He wa  really young when they --” “Our age,”  aid Harry, ju t a  he had retorted to Hermione, and  omething in hi  face  eemed to decide Ron again t pur uing the  ubject. A large  pider  at in the middle of a fro ted web in the bramble . Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had given him the previou  night, which Hermione had  ince conde cended to examine, and had decided wa  made of blackthorn. “*Engorgio*” “The  pider gave a little  hiver, bouncing  lightly in the web. Harry tried again. Thi  time the  pider grew  lightly larger. ”Stop that,“  aid Ron  harply, ” I'm  orry I  aid Dumbledore wa  young, okay?“ Harry had forgotten Ron'  hatred of  pider . ”Sorry --- *Reducio*“ The  pider did not  hrink. Harry looked down at the blackthorn wand. Every minor  pell he had ca t with it  o far that day had  eemed le  powerful than tho e he had produced with hi  phoenix wand. The new one felt intru ively unfamiliar, like having  omebody el e'  hand  ewn to the end of hi  arm. ”You ju t need to practice,“  aid Hermione, who had approached them noi ele ly from behind and had  tood watching anxiou ly a  Harry tried to enlarge and reduce the  pider. ”It’  all a matter of confidence Harry.“ He knew why  he wanted it to be all right; She  till felt guilty about breaking hi  wand. He bit back the retort that  prung to hi  lip , that  he could take the blackthorn wand if  he thought it made no difference, and he would have her  in tead. Keen for them all to be friend  again, however, he agreed; but when Ron gave Hermione a tentative  mile,  he  talked off and vani hed behind her book once more. All three of them returned to the tent when darkne  fell, and Harry took fir t watch. Sitting in the entrance, he tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate  mall  tone  at hi  feet; but hi  magic  till  eemed clum ier and le  powerful than it had done before. Hermione wa  lying on her bunk reading, while Ron, after many nervou  glance  up at her, had taken a  mall wooden wirele  out of hi  ruck ack and  tarted to try to tune it. ”There'  thi  one program,“ he told Harry in a low voice, ”that tell  the new  like it really i . All the other  are on You-Know-Who'   ide and are following the Mini try line, but thi  one ... you wait till you hear it, it'  great. Only they can't do it every night, they have to keep changing location  in ca e they're raided and you need a pa word to tune in ... Trouble i , I mi ed the la t one...“ He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with hi  wand muttering random word  under hi  breath. He threw Hermione many covert glance , plainly fearing an angry outbur t, but for all the notice  he took of him he might not have been there. For ten minute  or  o Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione turned the page  of her book, and Harry continued to practice with the blackthorn wand. Finally Hermione climbed down from her bunk. Ron cea ed hi  tapping at once. ”If it'  annoying you, I'll  top!“ he told Hermione nervou ly. Hermione did not deign to re pond, but approached Harry. ”We need to talk,“  he  aid. He looked at the book  till clutched in her hand. It wa  * The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore.* ”What?“ he  aid apprehen ively. It flew through hi  mind that there wa  a chapter on him in there; he wa  not  ure he felt up to hearing Rita'  ver ion of hi  relation hip with Dumbledore. Hermione'  an wer however, wa  completely unexpected. ”I want to go and  ee Xenophiliu  Lovegood.“ He  tared at her. ”Sorry?" “Xenophiliu  Lovegood, Luna’  father. I want to go and talk to him!” “er – why?” She took a deep breath, a  though bracing her elf, and  aid, “It’  that mark, the mark in Beedle the Bard. Look at thi !” She thru t The Life and Lie  of Albu  Dumbledore under Harry’  unwilling eye  and  aw a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald, with Dumbledore’  familiar thin,  lanting handwriting. He hated  eeing ab olute proof that Dumbledore really had written tho e word , that they had not been Rita’  invention. “The  ignature,”  aid Hermione. “Look at the  ignature, Harry!” He obeyed. For a moment he had no idea what  he wa  talking about, but, looking more clo ely with the aid of hi  lit wand, he  aw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of Albu  with a tiny ver ion of the  ame triangular mark in cribed upon The Tale  of Beedle the Bard. “Er – what are you -- ?”  aid Ron tentatively, but Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to Harry. “It keep  cropping up, doe n’t it?”  he  aid. “I know Viktor  aid it wa  Grindelwald’  mark, but it wa  definitely on that old grave in Godric’  Hollow, and the date  on the head tone were long before Grindelwald came along! And now thi ! Well, we can’t a k Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it mean  – I don’t even know whether Grindelwald’   till alive – but we can a k Mr. Lovegood. He wa  wearing the  ymbol at the wedding. I’m  ure thi  i  important, Harry!” Harry did not an wer immediately. He looked into her inten e, eager face and then out into the  urrounding darkne , thinking. After a long pau e he  aid, “Hermione, we don’t need another Godric’  Hollow. We talked our elve  into going there, and –” “But it keep  appearing, Harry! Dumbledore left me The Tale  of Beedle the Bard, how do you know we’re not  uppo ed to find out about the  ign?” “Here we go again!” Harry felt  lightly exa perated. “We keep trying to convince our elve  Dumbledore left u   ecret  ign  and clue  –“ “The Deluminator turned out to be pretty u eful,” piped up Ron. “I think Hermione’  right, I think we ought to go and  ee Lovegood.” Harry threw him a dark look. He wa  quite  ure that Ron’   upport of Hermione had little to do with a de ire to know the meaning of the triangular rune. “It won’t be like Godric’  Hollow,” Ron added, “Lovegood’  on your  ide, Harry, The Quibbler’  been for you all along, it keep  telling everyone they’ve got to help you!” “I’m  ure thi  i  important!”  aid Hermione earne tly. “But don’t you think if it wa , Dumbledore would have told me about it before he died?” “Maybe . . . maybe it’   omething you need to find out for your elf,”  aid Hermione with a faint air of clutching at  traw . “Yeah,”  aid Ron  ycophantically, “that make   en e.” “No, it doe n’t,”  napped Hermione, “but I  till think we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood. A  ymbol that link  Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godric’  Hollow? Harry, I’m  ure we ought to know about thi !” “I think we  hould vote on it,”  aid Ron. “Tho e in favor of going to  ee Love good –” Hi  hand flew into the air before Hermione’ . Her lip  quivered  u piciou ly a   he rai ed her own. “Outvoted, Harry,  orry,”  aid Ron, clapping him on the back. “Fine,”  aid Harry, half amu ed, half irritated. “Only, once we’ve  een Lovegood, let’  try and look for  ome more Horcruxe ,  hall we? Where do the Lovegood’  live, anyway? Do either of you know? “Yeah, they’re not far from my place,”  aid Ron. “I dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad alway  point toward the hill  whenever they mention them. Shouldn’t be hard to find.” When Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harry lowered hi  voice. “You only agreed to try and get back in her good book .” “All’  fair in love and war,”  aid Ron brightly, “and thi  i  a bit of both. Cheer up, it’  the Chri tma  holiday , Luna’ll be home!” They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchopole from the breezy hill ide to which they Di apparated next morning. From their high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy hou e  in the great  lanting  haft  of  unlight  tretching to earth in the break  between cloud . They  tood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow, their hand   hadowing their eye , but all they could make out were the high hedge  and tree  of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little hou e protection from Muggle eye . “It’  weird, being thi  near, but not going to vi it,”  aid Ron. “Well, it’  not like you haven’t ju t  een them. You were there for Chri tma ,”  aid Hermione coldly. “I wa n’t at the Burrow!”  aid Ron with an incredulou  laugh. “Do you think I wa  going to go back there and tell them all I’d walked out on you? Yeah, Fred and George would’ve been great about it. And Ginny,  he’d have been really under tanding.” “But where have you been, then?” a ked Hermione,  urpri ed. “Bill and Fleur’  new place. Shell cottage. Bill’  alway  been decent to me. He – he wa n’t impre ed when he heard what I’d done, but he didn’t go on about it. He knew I wa  really  orry. None of the re t of the family know I wa  there. Bill told Mum he and Fleur weren’t going home for Chri tma  becau e they wanted to  pend it alone. You know, fir t holiday after they were married. I don’t think Fleur minded. You know how much  he hate  Cele tina Warbeck.” Ron turned hi  back on the Burrow. “Let’  try up here,” he  aid, leading the way over the top of the hill. They walked for a few hour , Harry, at Hermione’  in i tence, hidden beneath the Invi ibility Cloak. The clu ter of low hill  appeared to be uninhabited apart from one  mall cottage, which  eemed de erted. “Do you think it’  their , and they’ve gone away for Chri tma ?”  aid Hermione, peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geranium  on the window ill. Ron  norted. “Li ten, I’ve got a feeling you’d be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the Lovegood ’ window. Let’  try the next lot of hill .” So they Di apparated a few mile  farther north. “Aha!”  houted Ron, a  the wind whipped their hair and clothe . Ron wa  pointing upward, toward the top of the hill on which they had appeared, where a mo t  trange-looking hou e ro e vertically again t the  ky, a great black cylinder with a gho tly moon hanging behind it in the afternoon  ky. “That’  got to be Luna’  hou e, who el e would live in a place like that? It look  like a giant rook!” “It’  nothing like a bird,”  aid Hermione, frowning at the tower. “I wa  talking about a che  rook,”  aid Ron. “A ca tle to you.” Ron’  leg  were the longe t and he reached the top of the hill fir t. When Harry and Hermione caught up with him, panting and clutching  titche  in their  ide , they found him grinning broadly. “It’  their ,”  aid Ron. “Look.” Three hand-painted  ign  had been tacked to a broke-down gate. The fir t read, THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR, X. LOVEGOOD the  econd, PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE the third, KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS The gate creaked a  they opened it. The zigzagging path leading to the front door wa  overgrown with a variety of odd plant , including a bu h covered in orange radi hlike fruit Luna  ometime  wore a  earring . Harry thought he recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened  tump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple tree , bent with the wind,  tripped of leave  but  till heavy with berry- ized red fruit  and bu hy crown  of white beaded mi tletoe,  tood  entinel on either  ide of the front door. A little owl with a  lightly flattened hawklike head peered down at them from one of the branche . “You’d better take off the Invi ibility Cloak, Harry,”  aid Hermione. “It’  you Mr. Lovegood want  to help, not u .” He did a   he  ugge ted, handing her the Cloak to  tow in the beaded bag. She then rapped three time  on the thick black door, which wa   tudded with iron nail  and bore a knocker  haped like an eagle. Barely ten  econd  pa ed, then the door wa  flung open and there  tood Xenophiliu  Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a  tained night hirt. Hi  long white candyflo  hair wa  dirty and unkempt. Xenophiliu  had been po itively dapper at Bill and Fleur'  wedding by compari on. “What? What i  it? Who are you? What do you want?” he cried in a high-pitched, querulou  voice, looking fir t at Hermione, then at Ron, and finally at Harry, upon which hi  mouth fell open in a perfect, comical O. “Hello, Mr. Lovegood,”  aid Harry, holding out hi  hand, “I'm Harry, Harry Potter.” Xenophiliu  did not take Harry'  hand, although the eye that wa  not pointing inward at hi  no e  lid  traight to the  car on Harry'  forehead. “Would it be okay if we came in?” a ked Harry. “There'   omething we'd like to a k you.” “I . . . I'm not  ure that'  advi able,” whi pered Xenophiliu , He  wallowed and ca t a quick look around the garden. “Rather a  hock . . . My word . . . I . . . I'm afraid I don't really think I ought to ---” “It wont take long”  aid Harry,  lightly di appointed by thi  le -than-warm welcome. “I --- oh, all right then. Come in, quickly, Quickly!” They were barely over the thre hold when Xenophiliu   lammed the door  hut behind them, They were  tanding in the mo t peculiar kitchen Harry had ever  een. The room wa  perfectly circular,  o that he felt like being in ide a giant pepper pot. Everything wa  curved to fit the wall  - the  tove, the  ink, and the cupboard  - and all of it had been painted with flower , in ect , and bird  in bright primary color . Harry thought he recognized Luna'   tyle . The effect in  uch and enclo ed  pace, wa   lightly overwhelming. In the middle of the floor, a wrought-iron  piral  tairca e ld to the upper level . There wa  a great deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: Harry wondered what Luna could be doing. “You'd better come up.”  aid Xenophiliu ,  till looking extremely uncomfortable, and he led the way. The room above  eemed to be a combination of living room and workplace, and a   uch, wa  even more cluttered than the kitchen. Though much  maller and entirely round, the room  omewhat re embled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occa ion that it had tran formed it elf into a gigantic labyrinth compri ed of centurie  of hidden object . There were pile  upon pile  of book  and paper  on every  urface. Delicately made model  of creature  Harry did not recognize, all flapping wing  or  napping jaw , hung from the ceiling. Luna wa  not there: The thing that wa  making  uch a racket wa  a wooden object covered in magically turning cog  and wheel , It looked like the bizarre off pring of a workbench and a  et of  helve , but after a moment Harry deduced that it wa  an old-fa hioned printing pre , due to the fact that it wa  churning out Quibbler . “Excu e me,”  aid Xenophiliu , and he  trode over to the machine,  eized grubbily tablecloth from beneath an immen e number of book  and paper , which all tumbled onto the floor, and threw it over the pre ,  omewhat muffling the loud bang  and clatter . He then faced Harry. “Why have you come here?” Before Harry could  peak, however, Hermione let out a  mall cry of  hock. “Mr. Lovegood - what'  that?” See wa  pointing at an enormou , gray  piral horn, not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been mounted on the wall, protruding  everal feet into the room. “It i  the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack,”  aid Xenophiliu . “No it i n't!”  aid Hermione. “Hermione,” muttered Harry, embarra ed, “now'  not the moment -” “But Harry, it'  an Erumpent horn! It'  a Cla  B Tradeable Material and it'  an extraordinary dangerou  thing to have in a hou e!” “How'd you know it'  an Erumpent horn?” a ked Ron, edging away from the horn a  fa t a  he could, given the extreme clutter of the room. “There'  a de cription in Fanta tic Bea t  and Where to Find Them! Mr. Lovegood, you need to get rid of it  traightaway, don't you know it can explode at the  lighte t touch?” “The Crumple Horned Snorkack”  aid Xenophiliu  very clearly, a muli h look upon hi  face, “i  a  hy and highly magical creature, and it'  horn -“ ”Mr. Lovegood. I recognize the grooved marking  around the ba e, that'  an Erumpent horn and it'  incredibly dangerou  - I don't know where you got it-“ ”I bought it,“  aid Xenophiliu  dogmatically. ”Two week  ago, from a delightful young wizard who knew my intere t in the exqui ite Snorkack. A Chri tma   urpri e for my Luna. Now,“ he  aid, turning to Harry, ”why exactly have you come here, Mr. Potter?“ ”We need  ome help,“  aid Harry, before Hermione could  tart again. ”Ah,“  aid Xenophiliu , ”Help, Hmm.“ Hi  good eye moved again to Harry'   car. He  eemed  imultaneou ly terrified and me merized. ”Ye . The thing i  ... helping Harry Potter ... rather dangerou ...“ ”Aren't you the one who keep  telling everyone it'  their fir t duty to help Harry?“  aid Ron. ”In that magazine of your ?“ Xenophiliu  glanced behind him at the concealed printing pre ,  till banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth. ”Er - ye , I have expre ed that view. however -“ ”That'  for everyone el e to do, not you per onally?“  aid Ron. Xenophiliu  did not an wer. He kept  wallowing, hi  eye  darting between the three of them. Harry had the impre ion that he wa  undergoing  ome painful internal  truggle. ”Where'  Luna?“ a ked Hermione. ”Let'   ee what  he think .“ Xenophiliu  gulped. He  eemed to be  teeling him elf. Finally he  aid in a  haky voice difficult to hear over the noi e of the printing pre , ”Luna i  down at the  tream, fi hing for Fre hwater Plimpie . She... he will like to  ee you. I'll go and call her and then - ye , very well. I  hall try to help you.“ He di appeared down the  piral  tairca e and they heard the front open and clo e. They looked at each other. ”Cowardly old wart,“  aid Ron. ”Luna'  got ten time  hi  gut .“ ”He'  probably worried about what'll happen to them if the Death Eater  find out I wa  here“  aid Harry. ”Well, I agree with Ron, “  aid Hermione, ”Awful old hypocrite, telling everyone el e to help you and trying to worm our of it him elf. And for heaven'   ake keep away from that horn.“ Harry cro ed to the window on the far  ide of the room. He could  ee a  tream, a thin, glittering ribbon lying far below them at the ba e of the hill. They were very high up; a bird fluttered pa t the window a  he  tared in the direction of the Burrow, now invi ible beyond another line of hill . Ginny wa  over there  omewhere. They were clo er to each other today than they had been  ince Bill and Fleur'  wedding, but  he could have no idea he wa  gazing toward her now, thinking of her. He  uppo e he ought to be glad of it; anyone he came into contact with wa  in danger, Xenophiliu '  attitude proved that. he turned away from the window  and hi  gaze fell upon another peculiar object  tanding upon the cluttered, curved  lide board; a  tone but of a beautiful but au tere-looking witch wearing a mo t bizarre-looking headdre . Two object  that re embled golden ear trumpet  curved out from the  ide . A tiny pair of glittering blue wing wa   tuck to a leather  trap that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radi he  had been  tuck to a  econd  trap around her forehead. ”Look at thi ,“  aid Harry. ”Fetching,“  aid Ron. ”Surpri ed he didn't hear that to the wedding.“ They heard the front door clo e, and a moment later Xenophiliu  climbed back up the  piral  tairca e into the room, hi  thin leg  now enca e in Wellington boot , bearing a tray of ill-a orted teacup  and a  teaming teapot. ”Ah, you have  potted my pet invention,“ he  aid,  hoving the tray into Hermione'  arm  and joining Harry at the  tatue'   ide. ”Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful Rowen  Ravenclaw, 'Wit beyond mea ure i  a man'  greate t trea ure!'“ He indicated the object  like ear trumpet . ”The e are the Wrackpurt  iphon  - to remove all  ource  of di traction from the thinker'  immediate area. Here, “he pointed out the tiny wing , ”a billywig propeller, to induce an elevated frame of mind. Finally, “he pointed to the orange radi h, ”the dirigible Plum,  o a  to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary.“ Xenophiliu   trode back to the tea tray, which Hermione had managed to balance precariou ly on one of the cluttered  ide table . ”May I offer you all an infu ion of Gurdyroot ?“  aid Xenophiliu . ”We make it our elve .“ A  he  tarted to pour out the drink, which wa  a  deeply purple a  beetroot juice, he added, ”Luna i  down beyond Bottom Bridge,  he i  mo t excited that you are here She ought not to be too long,  he ha  caught nearly enough Plumpie  to make  oup for all of u . Do  it down and help your elve  to  ugar. “Now,” he remove a tottering pile of paper  from an armchair and  at down, hi  Wellingtoned leg  cro ed, “how may I help you, Mr. Potter?” “Well,”  aid Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded encouragingly, “it'  about that  ymbol you were wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleur'  wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant.” Xenophiliu  rai ed hi  eyebrow . “Are you referring to the  ign of the Deathly Hallow ?” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE THE TALE OF THE THREE BROTHERS Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of them  eemed to have under tood what Xenophiliu  had  aid either. “The Deathly Hallow ?” “That'  right,”  aid Xenophiliu . “You haven't heard of them? I'm not  urpri ed. Very, very few wizard  believe. Witne  that knuckle-headed young man at your brother'  wedding,” he nodded at Ron, “who attacked me for  porting the  ymbol of a well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There i  nothing Dark about the Hallow  – at lea t not in that crude  en e. One  imply u e  the  ymbol to reveal one elf to other believer , in the hope that they might help one with the Que t.” He  tirred  everal lump  of  ugar into hi  Gurdyroot infu ion and drank  ome. “I'm  orry,”  aid Harry, “I  till don't really under tand.” To be polite, he took a  ip from hi  cup too, and almo t gagged: The  tuff wa  quite di gu ting, a  though  omeone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Bean . “Well, you  ee, believer   eek the Deathly Hallow ,”  aid Xenophiliu ,  macking hi  lip  in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infu ion. “But what are the Deathly Hallow ?” a ked Hermione. Xenophiliu   et a ide hi  empty teacup. “I a ume that you are familiar with 'The Tale of the Three Brother '?” Harry  aid, “No,” but Ron and Hermione both  aid, “Ye .” Xenophiliu  nodded gravely. “Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing  tart  with 'The Tale of the Three Brother ' . . . I have a copy  omewhere . . .” He glanced vaguely around the room, at the pile  of parchment and book , but Hermione  aid, “I've got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I've got it right here.” And  he pulled out The Tale  of Beedle the Bard from the  mall, beaded bag. “The original?” inquired Xenophiliu   harply, and when  he nodded, he  aid, “Well then, why don't you read it out aloud? Much the be t way to make  ure we all under tand.” “Er. . . all right,”  aid Hermione nervou ly. She opened the book, and Harry  aw that the  ymbol they were inve tigating headed the top of the page a   he gave a little cough, and began to read. “'There were once three brother  who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight –'” “Midnight, our mum alway  told u ,”  aid Ron, who had  tretched out, arm  behind hi  head, to li ten. Hermione  hot him a look of annoyance. “Sorry, I ju t think it'  a bit  pookier if it'  midnight!”  aid Ron. “Yeah, becau e we really need a bit more fear in our live ,”  aid Harry before he could  top him elf. Xenophiliu  did not  eem to be paying much attention, but wa   taring out of the window at the  ky. “Go on, Hermione.” "In time, the brother  reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerou  to  wim acro . However, the e brother  were learned in the magical art , and  o they  imply waved their wand  and made a bridge appear acro  the treacherou  water. They were halfway acro  it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure. “'And Death  poke to them –'” “Sorry,” interjected Harry, “but Death  poke to them?” “It'  a fairy tale, Harry!” “Right,  orry. Go on.” "'And Death  poke to them. He wa  angry that he had been cheated out of the three new victim , for traveler  u ually drowned in the river. But Death wa  cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brother  upon their magic, and  aid that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him. "'So the olde t brother, who wa  a combative man, a ked for a wand more powerful than any in exi tence: a wand that mu t alway  win duel  for it  owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death cro ed to an elder tree on the bank  of the river, fa hioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the olde t brother. "'Then the  econd brother, who wa  an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death  till further, and a ked for the power to recall other  from Death. So Death picked up a  tone from the riverbank and gave it to the  econd brother, and told him that the  tone would have the power to bring back the dead. “'And then Death a ked the third and younge t brother what he would like. The younge t brother wa  the humble t and al o the wi e t of the brother , and he did not tru t Death. So he a ked for  omething that would enable him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And Death, mo t unwillingly, handed over hi  own Cloak of Invi ibility.'” “Death'  got an Invi ibility Cloak?” Harry interrupted again. “So he can  neak up on people,”  aid Ron. “Sometime  he get  bored of running at them, flapping hi  arm  and  hrieking . . .  orry, Hermione.” "'Then Death  tood a ide and allowed the three brother  to continue on their way, and they did  o talking with wonder of the adventure they had had and admiring Death'  gift . "'In due cour e the brother   eparated, each for hi  own de tination. "'The fir t brother traveled on for a week more, and reaching a di tant village,  ought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand a  hi  weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving hi  enemy dead upon the floor the olde t brother proceeded to an inn, where he boa ted loudly of the powerful wand he had  natched from Death him elf, and of how it made him invincible. "'That very night, another wizard crept upon the olde t brother a  he lay, wine- odden upon hi  bed. The thief took the wand and for good mea ure,  lit the olde t brother'  throat. "'And  o Death took the fir t brother for hi  own. "'Meanwhile, the  econd brother journeyed to hi  own home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the  tone that had the power to recall the dead, and turned it thrice in hi  hand. To hi  amazement and hi  delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry, before her untimely death, appeared at once before him. "'Yet  he wa   ad and cold,  eparated from him a  by a veil. Though  he had returned to the mortal world,  he did not truly belong there and  uffered. Finally the  econd brother, driven mad with hopele  longing, killed him elf  o a  to truly join her. "'And  o Death took the  econd brother from hi  own. “'But though Death  earched for the third brother for many year , he wa  never able to find him. It wa  only when he had attained a great age that the younge t brother finally took off the Cloak of Invi ibility and gave it to hi   on. And the he greeted Death a  an old friend, and went with him gladly, and, equal , they departed thi  life.'” Hermione clo ed the book. It wa  a moment or two before Xenophiliu   eemed to realize that  he had  topped reading; then he withdrew hi  gaze from the window and  aid: “Well, there you are.” “Sorry?”  aid Hermione,  ounding confu ed. “Tho e are the Deathly Hallow ,”  aid Xenophiliu . He picked up a quill from a packed table at hi  elbow, and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between more book . “The Elder Wand,” he  aid, and drew a  traight vertical line upon the parchment. “The Re urrection Stone,” he  aid, and added a circle on top of the line. “The Cloak of Invi ibility,” he fini hed, enclo ing both line and circle in a triangle, to make the  ymbol  that  o intrigued Hermione. “Together,” he  aid, “the Deathly Hallow .” “But there'  no mention of the word  'Deathly Hallow ' in the  tory,”  aid Hermione. “Well, of cour e not,”  aid Xenophiliu , maddeningly  mug. “That i  a children'  tale, told to amu e rather than to in truct. Tho e of u  who under tand the e matter , however, recognize that the ancient  tory refer  to three object , or Hallow , which, if united, will make the po e or ma ter of Death.” There wa  a  hort  ilence in which Xenophiliu  glanced out of the window. Already the  un wa  low in the  ky. “Luna ought to have enough Plimpie   oon,” he  aid quietly. “When you  ay 'ma ter of Death' –” aid Ron. “Ma ter,”  aid Xenophiliu , waving an airy hand. “Conqueror. Vanqui her. Whichever term you prefer.” “But then . . . do you mean . . .”  aid Hermione  lowly, and Harry could tell that  he wa  trying to keep any trace of  keptici m out of her voice, “that you believe the e object  – the e Hallow  – really exi t?” Xenophiliu  rai ed hi  eyebrow  again. “Well, of cour e.” “But,”  aid Hermione, and Harry could hear her re traint  tarting to crack, “Mr. Lovegood, how can you po ibly believe – ?” “Luna ha  told me all about you, young lady,”  aid Xenophiliu . “You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but painfully limited. Narrow. Clo e-minded.” “Perhap  you ought to try on the hat, Hermione,”  aid Ron, nodding toward the ludicrou  headdre . Hi  voice  hook with the  train of not laughing. “Mr. Lovegood,” Hermione began again, “We all know that there are  uch thing  a  Invi ibility Cloak . They are rare, but they exi t. But –” “Ah, but the Third Hallow i  a true Cloak of Invi ibility, Mi  Granger! I mean to  ay, it i  not a traveling cloak imbued with a Di illu ionment Charm, or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or el e woven from Demigui e hair, which will hide one initially but fade with the year  until it turn  opaque. We are talking about a cloak that really and truly render  the wearer completely invi ible, and endure  eternally, giving con tant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what  pell  are ca t at it. How many cloak  have you ever  een like that, Mi  Granger?” Hermione opened her mouth to an wer, then clo ed it again, looking more confu ed than ever. She, Harry and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that they were all thinking the  ame thing. It  o happened that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophiliu  had ju t de cribed wa  in the room with them at that very moment. “Exactly,”  aid Xenophiliu , a  if he had defeated them all in rea oned argument. “None of you have ever  een  uch a thing. The po e or would be immea urably rich, would he not?” He glanced out of the window again. The  ky wa  now tinged with the fainte t trace of pink. “All right,”  aid Hermione, di concerted. “Say the Cloak exi ted. . . what about that  tone, Mr. Lovegood? The thing you call the Re urrection Stone?” “What of it?” “Well, how can that be real?” “Prove that i  not,”  aid Xenophiliu . Hermione looked outraged. “But that'  – I'm  orry, but that'  completely ridiculou ! How can I po ibly prove it doe n't exi t? Do you expect me to get hold of – of all the pebble  in the world and te t them? I mean, you could claim that anything'  real if the only ba i  for believing in it i  that nobody'  proved it doe n't exi t!” “Ye , you could,”  aid Xenophiliu . “I am glad to  ee that you are opening your mind a little.” “So the Elder Wand,”  aid Harry quickly, before Hermione could retort, “you think that exi t  too?” “Oh, well, in that ca e there i  endle  evidence,”  aid Xenophiliu . “The Elder Wand i  the Hallow that i  mo t ea ily traced, becau e of the way in which it pa e  from hand to hand.” “Which i  what?” a ked Harry. “Which i  that the po e or of the wand mu t capture it from it  previou  owner, if he i  to be truly ma ter of it,”  aid Xenophiliu . “Surely you have heard of the way the wand came to Egbert the Egregiou , after hi   laughter of Emeric the Evil? Of how Godelot died in hi  own cellar after hi   on, Hereward, took the wand from him? Of the dreadful Loxia , who took the wand from Baraaba  Deverill, whom he had killed? The bloody trail of the Elder Wand i   plattered acro  the page  of Wizarding hi tory.” Harry glanced at Hermione. She wa  frowning at Xenophiliu , but  he did not contradict him. “So where do you think the Elder Wand i  now?” a ked Ron. “Ala , who know ?”  aid Xenophiliu , a  he gazed out of the window. “Who know  where the Elder Wand lie  hidden? The trail goe  cold with Arcu  and Liviu . Who can  ay which of them really defeated Loxia , and which took the wand? And who can  ay who may have defeated them? Hi tory, ala , doe  not tell u .” There wa  a pau e. Finally Hermione a ked  tiffly, “Mr. Lovegood, doe  the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallow ?” Xenophiliu  looked taken aback a   omething  hifted in Harry'  memory, but he could not locate it. Peverell. . . he had heard that name before. . . “But you have been mi leading me, young woman!”  aid Xenophiliu , now  itting up much  traighter in hi  chair and goggling at Hermione. “I thought you were new to the Hallow  Que t! Many of u  Que ter  believe that the Peverell  have everything – everything! – to do with the Hallow !” “Who are the Peverell ?” a ked Ron. “That wa  the name on the grave with the mark on it, in Godric'  Hollow,”  aid Hermione,  till watching Xenophiliu . “Ignotu  Peverell.” “Exactly!”  aid Xenophiliu , hi  forefinger rai ed pedantically. “The  ign of the Death Hallow  on Ignotu '  grave i  conclu ive proof!” “Of what?” a ked Ron. “Why, that the three brother  in the  tory were actually the three Peverell brother , Antioch, Cadmu  and Ignotu ! That they were the original owner  of the Hallow !” With another glance at the window he got to hi  feet, picked up the tray, and headed for the  piral  tairca e. “You will  tay for dinner?” he called, a  he vani hed down tair  again. “Everybody alway  reque t  our recipe for Fre hwater Plimply  oup.” “Probably to  how the Poi oning Department at St. Mungo' ,”  aid Ron under hi  breath. Harry waited until they could hear Xenophiliu  moving about in the kitchen down tair  before  peaking. “What do you think?” he a ked Hermione. “Oh, Harry,”  he  aid wearily, “it'  a pile of utter rubbi h. Thi  can't be what the  ign really mean . Thi  mu t ju t be hi  weird take on it. What a wa te of time.” “I  'po e thi  i  the man who brought u  Crumple-Horned Snorkack ,”  aid Ron. “You didn't believe it either?” Harry a ked him. “Nah, that  tory'  ju t one of tho e thing  you tell kid  to teach them le on , i n't it? 'Don't go looking for trouble, don't go pick fight , don't go me ing around with  tuff that'  be t left alone! Ju t keep your head down, mind your own bu ine , and you'll be okay. Come to think of it,” Ron added, “maybe that  tory'  why elder wand  are  uppo ed to be unlucky.” “What are you talking about?” “One of tho e  uper tition , i n't it? 'May-born witche  will marry Muggle .' 'Jinx by twilight, undone by midnight.' 'Wand of cider, never pro per.' You mu t have heard them. My mum'  full of them.” “Harry and I were rai ed by Muggle ,” Hermione reminded him. “We were taught different  uper tition .” She  ighed deeply a  a rather pungent  mell drifted up from the kitchen. The one good thing about her exa peration with Xenophiliu  wa  that it  eemed to have made her forget that  he wa  annoyed at Ron. “I think you're right,”  he told him. “It'  ju t a morality tale, it'  obviou  which gift i  be t, which one you'd choo e –” The three of them  poke at the  ame time: Hermione  aid, “the Cloak,” Ron  aid, “the wand,” and Harry  aid, “the  tone.” They looked at each other, half  urpri ed, half amu ed. “You're  uppo ed to  ay the Cloak,” Ron told Hermione, “but you wouldn't need to be invi ible if you had the wand. An unbeatable wand, Hermione, come on!” “We've already got an Invi ibility Cloak,”  aid Harry, “And it'  helped u  rather a lot, in ca e you hadn't noticed!”  aid Hermione. “Wherea  the wand would be bound to attract trouble--” “Only if you  houted about it,” argued Ron. “Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around waving it over your head, and  inging, 'I've got an unbeatable want, come and have a go if you think you're hard enough.' A  long a  you kept your trap  hut --” -Ye , but could you keep your trap  hut?“  aid Hermione, looking  keptical. ”You know the only true thing he  aid to u  wa  that there have been  torie  about extra-powerful wand  for hundred  of year .“ ”There have?“ a ked Harry. Hermione looked exa perated: The expre ion wa   o endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at each other. ”The Death tick, the Wand of De tiny, they crop up under different name  through the centurie , u ually in the po e ion of  ome Dark wizard who’  boa ting about them. Profe or Binn  mentioned  ome of them, but -- oh it'  all non en e. Wand  are only a  powerful a  the wizard  who u e them. Some wizard  ju t like to boa t that their  are bigger and better than other people' “ ”But how do you know,“  aid Harry, ”that tho e want  -- the Death tick, and the Wand of De tiny -- aren't the  ame want,  urfacing over the centurie  under different name ?“ ”What if they're all really the Elder Wand, made by Death?“  aid Ron. Harry laughed: The  trange idea that had occurred to him wa  after all, ridiculou . Hi  wand, he reminded him elf, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been made by Ollivander, whatever it had done that night Voldemort had pur ued him acro  the  kie  and if it had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? ”So why would you take the  tone?“ Ron a ked him. ”Well, if you could bring people back, we could have Siriu ...Mad-Eye...Dumbledore...my parent ...“ Neither Ron nor Hermione  miled. ”But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldn't want to come back, would they?“  aid Harry, thinking about the tail they had ju t heard. ”I don't  uppo e there have been load  of other  torie  about a  tone that can rai e the dead, have there?: he a ked Hermione. “No,”  he replied  adly. “I don't think anyone except Mr. Lovegood could kid them elve  that'  po ible. Beedle probably took the idea from the Sorcerer'  Stone; you know, in tead of a  tone to make you immortal, a  tone to rever e death.” The  mell from the kitchen wa  getting  tronger. It wa   omething like burning underpant . Harry wondered whether it would be po ible to eat enough of whatever Xenophiliu  wa  cooking to  pare hi  feeling . “What about the Cloak, though?”  aid Ron  lowly. “Don't you realize, he'  right? I've got  o u ed to Harry'  Cloak and how good it i , I never  topped to think. I've never heard of one like Harry' . It'  infallible. We've never been  potted under it --” “Of cour e not -- we're invi ible when we're under it, Ron!” “But all the  tuff he  aid about other cloak , and they're not exactly ten a Knut, you know, i  true! It'  never occurred to me before but I've heard  tuff about charm  wearing off cloak  when they get old, or them being ripped apart by  pell   o they've got hole , Harry'  wa  owned by hi  dad,  o it'  not exactly new, i  it, but it'  ju t ... perfect!” “Ye , all right, but Ron, the  tone...” A  they argued in whi per , Harry moved around the room, only half li tening. Reaching the  piral  tair, he rai ed hi  eye  ab ently to the next level and wa  di tracted at once. Hi  own face wa  looking back at him from the ceiling of the room above. After a moment'  bewilderment, he realized that it wa  not a mirror, but a painting. Curiou , he began to clime the  tair . “Harry, what are you doing? I don't think you  hould look around when he'  not here!” But Harry had already reached the next level. Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling with five beautifully painted face : Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. They were not moving a  the portrait  at Hogwart  moved, but there wa  a certain magic about them all the  ame. Harry thought they breathed. What appeared to be a fine golden chain  wove around the picture  linking them together, but after examining them for a minute or  o, Harry realized that the chain  were actually one work repeated a thou and time  in golden ink: friend ... friend ... friend ... Harry felt a great ru h of affection for Luna. He looked around the room. There wa  a large photograph be ide the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her. They were hugging. Luna looked rather better-groomed in thi  picture than Harry had ever  een her in life. The picture wa  du ty. Thi   truck Harry a   lightly odd. He  tared around. Something wa  wrong. The pale blue carpet wa  al o thick with du t. There were no clothe  in the wardrobe, who e door   tood ajar. The bed had a cold, unfriendly look, a  though it had not been  lept in for week . A  ingle cobweb  tretched over the neare t window acro  the blood red  ky. “What'  wrong?” Hermione a ked a  Harry de cended the  tairca e, but before he could re pond, Xenophiliu  reached the top of the  tair  from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowl . “Mr. Lovegood,”  aid Harry. “Where'  Luna?” “Excu e me?” “Where'  Luna?” Xenophiliu  halted on the top  tep. “I -- I've already told you. She i  down at the Botion  Bridge fi hing for Plimpie .” “So why have you only laid that tray for four?” Xenophiliu  tried to  peak, but no  ound came out. The only noi e wa  the continued chugging of the printing pre , and a  light rattle from the tray a  Xenophiliu '  hand   hook. “I don't think Luna'  been here for week .”  aid Harry. “Her clothe  are gone, her bed ha n't been  lept in. Where i   he? and why do you keep looking out of the window?” Xenophiliu  dropped the tray. The bowl  bounced and  ma hed Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their wand . Xenophiliu  froze hi  hand about to enter hi  pocket. At that moment the printing pre  have a huge bank and numerou  Quibbler  came  treaming acro  the floor from underneath the tablecloth, the pre  fell  ilent at la t. Hermione  tooped down and picked up one of the magazine , her wand  till pointing at Mr. Lovegood. “Harry, look at thi ” He  trode over to her a  quickly a  he could through all the clutter. The front of the Quibbler carried hi  own picture, emblazoned with the word  “Unde irable Number One” and captioned with the reward money. “The Quibbler'  going for a new angle, then?: Harry a ked coldly, hi  mind working very fa t. ”I  that what you were doing when you went into the garden, Mr. Lovegood? Sending an owl to the Mini try? Xenophiliu  licked hi  lip  “They took my Luna,” he whi pered, “Becau e of what I've been writing. They took my Luna and I don't know where  he i , what they've done to her. But they might give her back to me if I -- If I--” “Hand over Harry?” Hermione fini hed for him. “No deal.”  aid Ron flatly. “Get out of the way, we're leaving.” Xenophiliu  looked gha tly, a century old, hi  lip  drawn back into a dreadful leer. “They will be here any moment. I mu t  ave Luna. I cannot lo e Luna. You mu t not leave.” He  pread hi  arm  in front of the  tairca e, and Harry had a  udden vi ion of hi  mother doing the  ame thing in front of hi  crib. “Don't make u  hurt you,” Harry  aid. “Get out of the way, Mr. Lovegood.” “HARRY!” Hermione  creamed. Figure  on broom tick  were flying pa t the window . A  the three of them looked away from him. Xenophiliu  drew hi  wand. Harry realized their mi take ju t in time. He launched him elf  ideway ,  hoving Ron and Hermione out of harm'  way a  Xenophiliu '  Stunning Spell  oared acro  the room and hit the Erumpent horn. There wa  a colo al explo ion. The  ound of it  eemed to blow the room apart. Fragment  of wood and paper and rubble flew in all direction , along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white du t. Harry flew through the air, then cra hed to the floor, unable to  ee a  debri  rained upon him, hi  arm  over hi  head. He heard Hermione'   cream, Ron'  yell, and a  erie  of  ickening metallic thud  which told him that Xenophiliu  had been bla ted off hi  feet and fallen backward down the  piral  tair . Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to rai e him elf. He could barely breathe or  ee for du t. Half of the ceiling had fall in and the end of Luna'  bead wa  hanging through the hole. The bu t of Rowena Ravenclaw lay be ide him with half it  face mi ing fragment  of torn parchment were floating through the air, and mo t of the printing pre  lay on it   ide, blocking the top of the  tairca e to the kitchen. Then another white  hape moved clo e by, and Hermione, coated in du t like a  econd  tatue, pre ed hi  finger to her lip . The door down tair  cra hed open. “Didn't I tell you there wa  no need to hurry, Traver ?”  aid a rough voice. “Didn't I tell you thi  nutter wa  ju t raving a  u ual?” There wa  a bang and a  cream of pain from Xenophiliu . “No...no...up tair ...Potter!” “I told you la t week Lovegood, we weren't coming back for anything le  than  ome  olid information! Remember la t week? When you wanted to  wap your daughter for that  tupid bleeding headdre ? And the week before” -- Another bang, another  queal -- “When you thought we'd give her back if you offered u  proof there are Cumple” -- Bang -- “Headed”--bang--“Snorkack ?” “No -- no -- I beg of you!”  obbed Xenophiliu . “It really i  Potter, Really!” “And now it turn  out you only called u  here to try and blow u  up!” roared the Death Eater, and there wa  a volley of bang  inter per ed with  queal  of agony from Xenophiliu . “The place look  like it'  about to fall in, Selwyn,”  aid a cool  econd voice, echoing up the mangled  tairca e. “The  tair  are completely blocked. Could try clearing it? Might bring the place down.” “You lying piece of filth.”  houted the wizard named Selwyn. “You have never  een Potter in your life, have you? Thought you'd lure u  here to kill u , did you? And you think you'll get your girl back like thi ?” “I  wear...I  wear...Potter'  up tair !” “Homenum revelio.”  aid the voice at the foot of the  tair . Harry heard Hermione ga p, and he had the odd  en ation  omething wa   wooping low over him, immer ing hi  body in it   hadow. “There'   omeone up there all right, Selwyn,”  aid the  econd man  harply. “It'  Potter, I tell you, it'  Potter!”  obbed Xenophiliu . “Plea e...plea e...give me Luna, ju t let me have Luna...” “You can have your little girl, Lovegood,”  aid Selwyn, “if you get up tho e  tair  and bring me down Harry Potter. But if thi  i  a plot, if it'  a trick, if you've got an accomplice waiting up there to ambu h u , we'll  ee if we can  pare a bit of your daughter for you to bury.” Xenophiliu  gave a wail of fear and de pair. There were  currying  and  craping . Xenophiliu  wa  trying to get through the debri  on the  tair . “Come on,” Harry whi pered, “we've got to get out of here.” He  tarted to dig him elf out under cover of all the noi e Xenophiliu  wa  making on the  tairca e. Ron wa  buried the deepe t. Harry and Hermione climbed, a  quietly a  they could, over all the wreckage to where he lay, trying to pri e a heavy che t of drawer  off hi  leg . While Xenophiliu  banging and  craping drew nearer and nearer, Hermione managed to free Ron with the u e of a Hover Charm. “All right.” breathed Hermione, a  the broken printing pre  blocking the top of the  tair  begin to tremble. Xenophiliu  wa  feet away from them. She wa   till white with du t. “Do you tru t me Harry?” Harry nodded. “Okay then.” Hermione whi pered. “give me the invi ibility Cloak. Ron, you're going to put it on.” “Me? But Harry --” “Plea e, Ron! Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron grab my  houlder.” Harry held out hi  left hand. Ron vani hed beneath the Cloak. The printing pre  blocking the  tair  wa  vibrating. Xenophiliu  wa  trying to  hift it u ing a Hover Charm. Harry did not know what Hermione wa  waiting for. “Hold tight”  he whi pered. “Hold tight...any  econd...” Xenophiliu '  paper-white face appeared over the top of the  ideboard. “Obliviate!” cried Hermione, pointing her want fir t into hi  face then at the floor beneath them. “Deprimo!” She had bla ted a hole in the  itting room floor. They fell like boulder . Harry  till holding onto her hand for dear life, there wa  a  cream from below, and he glimp ed two men trying to get out of the way a  va t quantitie  of rubble and broken furniture rained all around them from the  hattered ceiling. Hermione twi ted in midair and thundering of the collap ing hou e rang in Harry'  ear  a   he dragged him once more into darkne . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO THE DETHLY HALLOWS Harry fell, panting, onto gra  and  crambled up at once. They  eemed to have landed in the corner of a field at du k; Hermione wa  already running in a circle around them, waving her wand. “Protego Totalum…Salvio Hexia…” “That treacherou  old bleeder.” Ron panted, emerging from beneath the Invi ibility Cloak and throwing it to Harry. “Hermione you’re a geniu , a total geniu . I can’t believe we got out of that.” “Cave Inimicum…Didn’t I  ay it wa  an Frumpent horn, didn’t I tell him? And now hi  hou e ha  been blown apart!” “Serve  him right,”  aid Ron, examining hi  torn jean  and the cut  to hi  leg , “What’d you reckon they’ll do to him?” “Oh I hope they don’t kill him!” groaned Hermione, “That’  why I wanted the Death Eater  to get a glimp e of Harry before we left,  o they knew Xenophiliu  hadn’t been lying!” “Why hide me though?” a ked Ron. “You’re  uppo ed to be in bed with  pattergrolt, Ron! They’ve kidnapped Luna becau e her father  upported Harry! What would happen to your family if they knew you’re with him?” “But what about your mum and dad?” “They’re in Au tralia ,”  aid Hermione, “They  hould be all right. They don’t know anything.” “You’re a geniu ,” Ron repeated, looking awed. Yeah, you are, Hermione,” agreed Harry fervently. “I don’t know what we’d do without you.” She beamed, but became  olemn at once. “What about Luna?” “Well, if they’re telling the truth and  he’   till Alive ---“ began Ron. “Don’t  ay that, don’t  ay it!”  quealed Hermione. “She mu t be alive,  he mu t!” “Then  he’ll be in Azkaban, I expect,”  aid Ron. “Whether  he  urvive  the place, though…Load  don’t…” “She will,”  aid Harry. He could not bear to contemplate the alternative. “She’  tough, Luna, much tougher than you’d think. She’  probably teaching all the inmate  about Wrack purt  and Nargle .” “I hope you’re right,”  aid Hermione. She pa ed a hand over her eye . “I’d feel  o  orry for Xenophiliu  if ---“ “---if he hadn’t ju t tried to  ell u  to the Death Eater , yeah,”  aid Ron. They put up the tent and retreated in ide it, where Ron made them tea. After their narrow e cape, the chilly, mu ty old place felt like home:  afe, familiar, and friendly. “Oh, why did we go there?” groaned Hermione after a few minute ’  ilence. “Harry, you were right, it wa  Godric’  Hollow all over again, a complete wa te of time! The Deathly Hallow … uch rubbi h…although actually,” a  udden thought  eemed to have  truck her, “he might have made it all up, mightn’t he? He probably doe n’t believe in the Deathly Hallow  at all, he ju t wanted to keep u  talking until the Death Eater  arrived!” “I don’t think  o,”  aid Ron. “It’  a damn  ight harder making  tuff up when you’re under  tre  than you’d think. I found that out when the Snatcher  caught me. It wa  much ea ier pretending to be Stan, becau e I knew a bit about him, than inventing a whole new per on. Old Lovegood wa  under load  of pre ure, trying to make  ure we  tayed put. I reckon he told u  the truth, or what he think  i  the truth, ju t to keep u  talking.” “Well, I don’t  uppo e it matter ,”  ighed Hermione. “Even if he wa  being hone t, I never heard  uch a lot of non en e in all my life.” “Hang on, though,”  aid Ron. “The Chamber of Secret  wa   uppo ed to be a myth, wa n’t it?” “But the Deathly Hallow  can’t exi t, Ron!” “You keep  aying that, but one of them can,”  aid Ron. “Harry’  Invi ibility Cloak ---“ “The Tale of the Three Brother ’ i  a  tory,”  aid Hermione firmly. “A  tory about how human  are frightened of death. If  urviving wa  a   imple a  hiding under the Invi ibility Cloak, we’d have everything we need already!” “I don’t know. We could do with an unbeatable wand,”  aid Harry, turning the blackthorn wand he  o di liked over in hi  finger . “There’  no  uch thing, Harry!” “You  aid there have been load  of wand  --- the Death tick and whatever they were called ---“ “All right, even if you want to kid your elf the Elder Wand’  real, what about the Re urrection Stone?” Her finger   ketched quotation mark  around the name, and her tone dripped  arca m. “No magic can rai e the dead, and that’  that!” “When my wand connected with You-Know-Who’ , it made my mum and dad appear…and Cedric…” “But they weren’t really back from the dead, were they?”  aid Hermione. “Tho e kind of ---of pale imitation  aren’t the  ame a  truly bringing  omeone back to life.” “But  he, the girl in the tale, didn’t really come back, did  he? The  tory  ay  that once people are dead, they belong with the dead. But the  econd brother  till got to  ee her and talk to her, didn’t he? He even lived with her for a while…” He  aw concern and  omething le  ea ily definable in Hermione’  expre ion. Then, a   he glanced at Ron, Harry realized that it wa  fear: He had  cared her with hi  talk of living with dead people. “So that Peverell bloke who’  buried in Godric’  Hollow,” he  aid ha tily, trying to  ound robu tly  ane, “you don’t know anything about him, then?” “No,”  he replied, looking relieved at the change of  ubject. “I looked him up after I  aw the mark on hi  grave; if he’d been anyone famou  or done anything important, I’m  ure he’d be in one of our book . The only place I’ve managed to find the name ‘Peverell’ I  Nature’  Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. I borrowed it from Kreacher,”  he explained a  Ron rai ed hi  eyebrow . “It li t  the pure-blood familie  that are now extinct in the male line. Apparently the Peverell  were one of the earlie t familie  to vani h.” “Extinct in the male line?” repeated Ron. “It mean  the name died out,”  aid Hermione, “centurie  ago, in the ca e of the Peverell . They could  till have de cendent , though, they’d ju t be called  omething different.” And then it came to Harry in one  hining piece, the memory that had  tirred at the  ound of the name “Peverell”: a filthy old man brandi hing an ugly ring in the face of a Mini try official, and he cried aloud, “Marvolo Gaunt!” “Sorry  aid Ron and Hermione together. “Marvolo Gaunt! You-Know-Who’  grandfather! In the Pen ieve! With Dumbledore! Marvolo Gaunt  aid he wa  de cended from the Peverell !” Ron and Hermione looked bewildered. “The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt  aid it had the Peverell coat of arm  on it! I  aw him waving it in the bloke from the Mini try’  face, he nearly  hoved it up hi  no e!” “The Peverell coat of arm ?”  aid Hermione  harply. “Could you  ee what it looked like?” “Not really,”  aid Harry, trying to remember. “There wa  nothing fancy on there, a  far a  I could  ee; maybe a few  cratche . I only ever  aw it really clo e up after it had been cracked open.” Harry  aw Hermione’  comprehen ion in the  udden widening of her eye . Ron wa  looking from one to the other, a toni hed. “Blimey…You reckon it wa  thi   ign again? The  ign of the Hallow ? “Why not  aid Harry excitedly, “Marvolo Gaunt wa  an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, all he cared about wa  hi  ance try. If that ring had been pa ed down through the centurie , he might not have known what it really wa . There were no book  in that hou e, and tru t me, he wa n’t the type to read fairy tale  to hi  kid . He’d have loved to think the  cratche  on the  tone were a coat of arm , becau e a  far a  he wa  concerned, having pure blood made you practically royal.” “Ye …and that’  all very intere ting,”  aid Hermione cautiou ly, “but Harry, if you’re thinking what I think you’re think ---“ “Well, why not? Why not?  aid Harry, abandoning caution. “It wa  a  tone, wa n’t it?” He looked at Ron for  upport. “What if it wa  the Re urrection Stone?” Ron’  mouth fell open. “Blimey --- but would it  till work if Dumbledore broke --- ?” “Work? Work? Ron, it never worked! There’  no  uch thing a  a Re urrection Stone!” Hermione leapt to her feet, looking exa perated and angry. Harry you’re trying to fit everything into the Hallow   tory ---“ “Fit everything in?” he repeated. “Hermione, it fit  of it  own accord! I know the  ign of the Deathly Hallow  wa  on that  tone! Gaunt  aid he wa  de cended from the Peverell !” “A minute ago you told u  you never  aw the mark on the  tone properly!” “Where’d you reckon the ring i  now?” Ron a ked Harry. “What did Dumbledore do with it after he broke it open?” “But Harry’  imagination wa  racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermione’ … Three object , or Hallow , which, if united, will make the po e or ma ter of Death…Ma ter…Conqueror…Vanqui her…The la t enemy that  hall be de troyed i  death… And he  aw him elf, po e or of the Hallow , facing Voldemort, who e Horcruxe  were no match…Neither can live while the other  urvive …Wa  thi  the an wer? Hallow  ver u  Horcruxe ? Wa  there a way after all, to en ure that he wa  the one who triumphed? If he were the ma ter of the Deathly Hallow , would he be  afe? “Harry?” But he  carcely heard Hermione: He had pulled out hi  Invi ibility Cloak and wa  running it through hi  finger , the cloth  upple a  water, light a  air. He had never  een anything to equal it in hi  nearly  even year  in the Wizarding world. The Cloak wa  exactly what Xenophiliu  had de cribed: A cloak that really and truly render  the wearer completely invi ible, and endure  eternally, giving con tant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what  pell  are ca t at it… And then, with a ga p, he remembered— “Dumbledore had my Cloak the night my parent  died!” Hi  voice  hook and he could feel the color in hi  face, but he did not care. “My mum told Siriu  that Dumbledore borrowed the Cloak! Thi  i  why! He wanted to examine it, becau e he thought it wa  the third Hallow! Ignotu  Peverell i  buried in Godric’  Hollow…” Harry wa  walking blindly around the tent, feeling a  though great new vi ta  of truth were opening all around him. “He’  my ance tor. I’m de cended from the third brother! It all make   en e!” “He felt armed in certainty, in hi  belief in the Hallow , a  if the mere idea of po e ing them wa  giving him protection, and he felt joyou  a  he turned back to the other two. “Harry,”  aid Hermione again, but he wa  bu y undoing the pouch around hi  neck, hi  finger   haking hard. “Read it,” he told her, pu hing hi  mother’  letter into her hand. “Read it! Dumbledore had the Cloak, Hermione! Why el e would he want it? He didn’t need a Cloak, he could perform a Di illu ionment Charm  o powerful that he made him elf completely invi ible without one!” Something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under a chair: He had di lodged the Snitch when he pulled out the letter. He  tooped to pick it up, and then the newly tapped  pring of fabulou  di coverie  threw him another gift, and  hock and wonder erupted in ide him  o that he  houted out. “IT’S IN HERE! He left me the ring – it’  in the Snitch!” “You --- you reckon?” He could not under tand why Ron looked taken aback. It wa   o obviou ,  o clear to Harry. Everything fit, everything…Hi  Cloak wa  the third Hallow, and when he di covered how to open the Snitch he would have the  econd, and then all he needed to do wa  find the fir t Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then --- But it wa  a  though a curtain fell on a lit  tage: All hi  excitement, all hi  hope and happine  were extingui hed at a  troke, and he  tood alone in the darkne , and the gloriou   pell wa  broken. “That’  what he’  after.” The change in hi  voice made Ron and Hermione look even more  cared. “You-Know-Who’  after the Elder Wand.” He turned hi  back on their  trained, incredulou  face . He knew it wa  the truth. It all made  en e, Voldemort wa  not  eeking a new wand; he wa   eeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about Ron and Hermione a  he looked out into the night, thinking… Voldemort had been rai ed in a Muggle orphanage. Nobody could have told him The Tale  of Beedle the Bard when he wa  a child, any more than Harry had heard them. Hardly any wizard  believed in the Deathly Hallow . Wa  it likely that Voldemort knew about them? Harry gazed into the darkne …If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallow ,  urely he would have  ought them, done anything to po e  them: three object  that made the po e or ma ter of Death? If he had known about the Deathly Hallow , he might not have needed Horcruxe  in the fir t place. Didn’t the  imple fact that he had taken a Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demon trate that he did not know thi  la t great Wizarding  ecret? Which meant that Voldemort  ought the Elder Wand without realizing it  full power, without under tanding that it wa  one of three…for the wand wa  the Hallow that could not be hidden, who e exi tence wa  be t known…The bloody trail of the Elder Wand i   plattered acro  the page  of Wizarding hi tory… Harry watched the cloudy  ky, curve  of  moke-gray and  ilver  liding over the face of the white moon. He felt lightheaded with amazement at hi  di coverie . He turned back into the tent. It wa  a  hock to  ee Ron and Hermione  tanding exactly where he had left them, Hermione  till holding Lily’  letter, Ron at her  ide looking  lightly anxiou . Didn’t they realize how far they had traveled in the la t few minute ? “Thi  i  it?” Harry  aid, trying to bring them in ide the glow of hi  own a toni hed certainty, “Thi  explain  everything. The Deathly Hallow  are real and I’ve got one --- maybe two ---“ He held up the Snitch. “--- and You-Know-Who’  cha ing the third, but he doe n’t realize…he ju t think  it’  a powerful wand ---“ “Harry,”  aid Hermione, moving acro  to him and handing him back Lily’  letter, “I’m  orry, but I think you’ve got thi  wrong, all wrong.” “But don’t you  ee? It all fit  ---“ “Not, it doe n’t,”  he  aid. “It doe n’t. Harry, you’re ju t getting carried away. Plea e,”  he  aid a   he  tarted to  peak, “plea e ju t an wer me thi : If the Deathly Hallow  really exi ted, and Dumbledore knew about them, knew that the per on who po e ed all of them would be ma ter of Death --- Harry, why wouldn’t he have told you? Why?” He had hi  an wer ready. “But you  aid it, Hermione! You’ve got to find out about them for your elf! It’  a Que t!” “But I only  aid that to try and per uade you to come to the Lovegood ’!” cried Hermione in exa peration. “I didn’t really believe it!” Harry took no notice. “Dumbledore u ually let me find out  tuff for my elf. He let me try my  trength, take ri k . Thi  feel  like the kind of thing he’d do.” “Harry, thi  i n’t a game, thi  i n’t practice! Thi  i  the real thing, and Dumbledore left you very clear in truction : Find and de troy the Horcruxe ! That  ymbol doe n’t mean anything, forget the Deathly Hallow , we can’t afford to get  idetracked ---“ Harry wa  barely li tening to her. He wa  turning the Snitch over and over in hi  hand , half expecting it to break open, to reveal the Re urrection Stone, to prove to Hermione that he wa  right, that the Deathly Hallow  were real. She appealed to Ron. “You don’t believe in thi , do you?” Harry looked up, Ron he itated. “I dunno…I mean…bit  of it  ort of fit together,”  aid Ron awkwardly, “But when you look at the whole thing…” He took a deep breath. “I think we’re  uppo ed to get rid of Horcruxe , Harry. That’  what Dumbledore told u  to do. Maybe…maybe we  hould forget about thi  Hallow  bu ine .” “Thank you, Ron,”  aid Hermione. “I’ll take fir t watch.” And  he  trode pa t Harry and  at down in the tent entrance bringing the action to a fierce full  top. But Harry hardly  lept that night. The idea of the Deathly Hallow  had taken po e ion of him, and he could not re t while agitating thought  whirled through hi  mind: the wand, the  tone, and the Cloak, if he could ju t po e  them all… I open at the clo e …But what wa  the clo e? Why couldn’t he have the  tone now? If only he had the  tone, he could a k Dumbledore the e que tion  in per on…and Harry murmured word  to the Snitch in the darkne , trying everything, even Par eltongue, but the golden ball would not open… And the wand, the Elder Wand, where wa  that hidden? Where wa  Voldemort  earching now? Harry wi hed hi   car would burn and  how him Voldemort’  thought , becau e for the fir t time ever, he and Voldemort were united in wanting the very  ame thing…Hermione would not like that idea, of cour e…But then,  he did not believe….Xenophiliu  had been right, in a way…Limited, Narrow, Clo e-minded. The truth wa  that  he wa   cared of the idea of the Deathly Hallow , e pecially of the Re urrection Stone…and Harry pre ed hi  mouth again to the Snitch, ki ing it, nearly  wallowing it, but the cold medal did not yield… It wa  nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alone in a cell in Azkaban,  urrounded by dementor , and he  uddenly felt a hamed of him elf. He had forgotten all about her in hi  feveri h contemplation of the Hallow . If only they could re cue her, but dementor  in tho e number  would be virtually una ailable. Now he came to think about it, he had not tried ca ting a Patronu  with the blackthorn wand…He mu t try that in the morning… If only there wa  a way of getting a better wand… And de ire for the Elder Wand, the Death tick, unbeatable, invincible,  wallowed him once more… They packed up the tent next morning and moved on through a dreary  hower of rain. The downpour pur ued them to the coa t, where they pitched the tent that night, and per i ted through the whole week, through  odden land cape  that Harry found bleak and depre ing. He could think only of the Deathly Hallow . It wa  a  though a flame had been lit in ide him that nothing, not Hermione’  flat di belief nor Ron’  per i tent doubt , could extingui h. And yet the fiercer the longing for the Hallow  burned in ide him, the le  joyful it made him. He blamed Ron and Hermione: Their determined indifference wa  a  bad a  the relentle  rain for dampening hi   pirit , but neither could erode hi  certainty, which remained ab olute. Harry’  belief in and longing for the Hallow  con umed him  o much that he felt i olated from the other two and their ob e ion with the Horcruxe . “Ob e ion?”  aid Hermione in a low fierce voice, when Harry wa  carele  enough to u e the word one evening, after Hermione had told him off for hi  lack of intere t in locating more Horcruxe . “We’re not the one with an ob e ion, Harry! We’re the one  trying to do what Dumbledore wanted u  to do!” But he wa  imperviou  to the veiled critici m. Dumbledore had left the  ign of the Hallow  for Hermione to decipher, and he had al o, Harry remained convinced of it, left the Re urrection Stone hidden in the golden Snitch. Neither can live while the other  urvive …ma ter of Death…Why didn’t Ron and Hermione under tand? “’The la t enemy  hall be de troyed i  death,’” Harry quoted calmly. “I thought it wa  You-Know-Who we were  uppo ed to be fighting?” Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up on her. Even the my tery of the  ilver doe, which the other two in i ted on di cu ing,  eemed le  important to Harry now, a vaguely intere ting  ide how. The only other thing that mattered to him wa  that hi   car had begun to prickle again, although he did all he could to hide thi  fact from the other two. He  ought  olitude whenever it happened, but wa  di appointed by what he  aw. The vi ion  he and Voldemort were  haring had changed in quality; they had become blurred,  hifting a  though they were moving in and out of focu . Harry wa  ju t able to make out the indi tinct feature  of an object that looked like a  kull, and  omething like a mountain that wa  more  hadow than  ub tance. U ed to image   harp a  reality, Harry wa  di concerted by the change. He wa  worried that the connection between him elf and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that he both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, prized. Somehow Harry connected the e un ati fying, vague image  with the de truction of hi  wand, a  if it wa  the blackthorn wand’  fault that he could no longer  ee into Voldemort’  mind a  well a  before. A  the week  crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even through hi  new  elf-ab orption, that Ron  eemed to be taking charge. Perhap  becau e he wa  determined to make up for having walked out on them, perhap  becau e Harry’  de cent into li tle ne  galvanized hi  dormant leader hip qualitie , Ron wa  the one now encouraging and exhorting the other two into action. “Three Horcruxe  left,” he kept  aying. “We need a plan of action, come on! Where haven’t we looked? Let’  go through it again. The orphanage…” Diagon Alley, Hogwart , the Riddle Hou e, Borgin and Burke , Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, vi ited or murdered, Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry joining in only to  top Hermione pe tering him. He would have been happy to  it alone in  ilence, trying to read Voldemort’  thought , to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron in i ted on journeying to ever more unlikely place   imply, Harry wa  aware, to keep them moving. “You never know,” wa  Ron’  con tant refrain. “Upper Flagley i  a Wizarding village, he might’ve wanted to live there. Let’  go and have a poke around.” The e frequent foray  into Wizarding territory brought them within occa ional  ight of Snatcher . “Some of them are  uppo ed to be a  bad a  Death Eater ,”  aid Ron. “The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill recon   ome of them are really dangerou . They  aid on Potterwatch ---“ “On what?”  aid Harry. “Potterwatch, didn’t I tell you that’  what it wa  called? The program I keep trying to get on the radio, the only one that tell  the truth about what’  going on! Nearly all of the program  are following You-Know-Who’  line, all except Potterwatch, I really want you to hear it, but it’  tricky tuning in…” Ron  pent evening after evening u ing hi  wand to beat out variou  rhythm  on top of the wirele  while the dial  whirled. Occa ionally they would catch  natche  of advice on how to treat dragonpox, and once a few bar  of “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love.” While he taped, Ron continued to try to hit on the correct pa word, muttering  tring  of random word  under hi  breath. “They’re normally  omething to do with the Order,” he told them. “Bill had a real knack for gue ing them. I’m bound to get one in the end…” “But not until March did luck favor Ron at la t. Harry wa   itting in the tent entrance, on guard duty,  taring idly at a clump of grape hyacinth  that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron  houted excitedly from in ide the tent. “I’ve got it, I’ve got it! Pa word wa  ‘Albu ’! Get in here, Harry.” Rou ed for the fir t time in day  from hi  contemplation of the Deathly Hallow , Harry hurried back in ide the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor be ide the little radio. Hermione, who had been poli hing the  word of Gryffindor ju t for  omething to do, wa   itting open-mouthed,  taring at the tiny  peaker, from which a mo t familiar voice wa  i uing. “…apologize for our temporary ab ence from the airwave , which wa  due to a number of hou e call  in our area by tho e charming Death Eater .” “But that’  Lee Jordan!”  aid Hermione. “I know!” beamed Ron. “Cool, eh?” “…now found our elve  another  ecure location,” Lee wa   aying, and I’m plea ed to tell you that two of our regular contributor  have joined me here thi  evening. Evening, boy !” “Hi.” “Evening, River.” “’River’” that’  Lee,” Ron explained. “They’ve all got code name , but you can u ually tell ---“ “Shh!”  aid Hermione. “But before we hear from Royal and Romulu ,” Lee went on, “let’  take a moment to report tho e death  that the Wizarding Wirele  Network New  and Daily Prophet don’t think important enough to mention. It i  with great regret that we inform our li tener  of the murder  of Ted Tonk  and Dirk Cre well.” Harry felt a  ick,  wooping in hi  belly. He, Ron, and Hermione gazed at one another in horror. “A goblin by the name of Gornuk wa  al o killed. It i  believed that Muggle-born Dean Thoma  and a  econd goblin, both believed to have been traveling with Tonk , Cre well, and Gornuk, may have e caped. If Dean i  li tening, or if anyone ha  any knowledge of hi  whereabout , hi  parent  and  i ter  are de perate for new . “Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five ha  been found dead in their home. Muggle authoritie  are attributing their death  to a ga  leak, but member  of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it wa  the Killing Cur e --- more evidence, a  if it were needed, of the fact that Muggle  laughter i  becoming little more than a recreational  port under the new regime. “Finally, we regret to inform our li tener  that the remain  of Bathilda Bag hot have been di covered in Godric’  Hollow. The evidence i  that  he died  everal month  ago. The Order of the Phoenix inform  u  that her body  howed unmi takable  ign  of injurie  inflicted by Dark Magic. “Li tener , I’d like to invite you now to join u  in a minute’   ilence in memory of Ted Tonk , Dirk Cre well, Bathilda Bag hot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no le  regretted, Muggle  murdered by the Death Eater .” Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not  peak. Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of him wa  afraid of what might come next. It wa  the fir t time he had felt fully connected to the out ide world for a long time. “Thank you,”  aid Lee’  voice. “And now we can return to regular contributor Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order i  affecting the Muggle world.” “Thank , River,”  aid an unmi takable voice, deep, mea ured, rea uring. “King ley!” bur t out Ron. “We know!”  aid Hermione, hu hing him. “Muggle  remain ignorant of the  ource of their  uffering a  they continue to  u tain heavy ca ualtie ,”  aid King ley. “However, we continue to hear truly in pirational  torie  of wizard  and witche  ri king their own  afety to protect Muggle friend  and neighbor , often without the Muggle ’ knowledge. I’d like to appeal to all our li tener  to emulate their example, perhap  by ca ting a protective charm over any Muggle dwelling  in your  treet. Many live  could be  aved if  uch  imple mea ure  are taken.” “And what would you  ay, Royal, to tho e li tener  who reply that in the e dangerou  time , it  hould be ‘Wizard  fir t’? a ked Lee. “I’d  ay that it’  one  hort  tep from ‘Wizard  fir t’ to ‘Pureblood  fir t,’ and then to ‘Death Eater ,’” replied King ley. “We’re all human, aren’t we? Every human life i  worth the  ame, and worth  aving.” “Excellently put, Royal, and you’ve got my vote for Mini ter of Magic if we ever get out of thi  me ,”  aid Lee. “And now, over to Romulu  for our popular feature ‘Pal  of Potter.’” “Thank , River,”  aid another very familiar voice. Ron  tarted to  peak, but Hermione fore talled him in a whi per. “We know it’  Lupin!” “Romulu , do you maintain, a  you have every time you’ve appeared on our program, that Harry Potter i   till alive?” “I do,”  aid Lupin firmly. “There i  no doubt at all in my mind that hi  death would be proclaimed a  widely a  po ible by the Death Eater  if it had happened, becau e it would  trike a deadly blow at the morale of tho e re i ting the new regime. ‘The Boy Who Lived’ remain  a  ymbol of everything for which we are fighting: the triumph of good, the power of innocence, the need to keep re i ting.” A mixture of gratitude and  hame welled up in Harry. Had Lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible thing  he had  aid when they had la t met? “And what would you  ay to Harry if you knew he wa  li tening, Romulu ?” “I’d tell him we’re all with him in  pirit,”  aid Lupin, then he itated  lightly, “And I’d tell him to follow hi  in tinct , which are good and nearly alway  right.” Harry looked at Hermione, who e eye  were full of tear . “Nearly alway  right,”  he repeated. “Oh, didn’t I tell you?”  aid Ron in  urpri e. “Bill told me Lupin’  living with Tonk  again! And apparently  he’  getting pretty big too…” “…and our u ual update on tho e friend  of Harry Potter’  who are  uffering for their allegiance?” Lee wa   aying. “Well, a  regular li tener  will know,  everal of the more out poken  upporter  of Harry Potter have now been impri oned, including Xenophiliu  Lovegood, er twhile editor of The Quibbler,”  aid Lupin. “At lea t he’   till alive!” muttered Ron. “We have al o heard within the la t few hour  that Rubeu  Hagrid” – all three of them ga ped, and  o nearly mi ed the re t of the  entence -- “well-known gamekeeper at Hogwart  School , ha  narrowly e caped arre t within the ground  of Hogwart , where he i  rumored to have ho ted a ‘Support Harry Potter’ party in hi  hou e. However, Hagrid wa  not taken into cu tody, and i , we believe, on the run.” “I  uppo e it help , when e caping from Death Eater , if you’ve got a  ixteen-foot-high half brother?” a ked Lee. “It would tend to give you an edge,” agreed Lupin gravely. “May I ju t add that while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid’   pirit, we would urge even the mo t devoted of Harry’   upporter  again t following Hagrid’  lead. ‘Support Harry Potter’ partie  are unwi e in the pre ent climate.” “Indeed they are, Romulu  ,”  aid Lee, “ o we  ugge t that you continue to  how your devotion to the man with the lightning  car by li tening to Potterwatch! And now let’  move to new  concerning the wizard who i  proving ju t a  elu ive a  Harry Potter. We like to refer to him a  the Chief Death Eater, and here to give hi  view  on  ome of the more in ane rumor  circulating about him, I’d like to introduce a new corre pondent. Rodent?” “’Rodent’?”  aid yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried out together: “Fred!” “No – i  it George?” “It’  Fred, I think,”  aid Ron, leaning in clo er, a  whichever twin it wa   aid, “I’m not being ‘Rodent,’ no way, I told you I wanted to be ‘Rapier’!” “Oh, all right then, ‘Rapier,’ could you plea e give u  your take on the variou   torie  we’ve been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?” “Ye , River, I can,”  aid Fred. “A  our li tener  will know, unle  they’ve taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or  omewhere  imilar, You-Know-Who’   trategy of remaining in the  hadow  i  creating a nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged  ighting  of him are genuine, we mu t have a good nineteen You-Know-Who  running around the place.” “Which  uit  him, of cour e,”  aid King ley. “The air of my tery i  creating more terror than actually  howing him elf.” “Agreed,”  aid Fred. “So, people, let’  try and calm down a bit. Thing  are bad enough without inventing  tuff a  well. For in tance, thi  new idea that You-Know-Who can kill people with a  ingle glance from hi  eye . That’  a ba ili k, li tener . One  imple te t: Check whether the thing that’  glaring at you ha  got leg . If it ha , it’   afe to look into it  eye , although if it really i  You-Know-Who, that’   till likely to be the la t thing you ever do.” For the fir t time in week  and week , Harry wa  laughing: He could feel the weight of ten ion leaving him. “And the rumor  that he keep  being  ighted abroad?” a ked Lee. “Well, who wouldn’t want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he’  been putting in?” a ked Fred. “Point i , people, don’t get lulled into a fal e  en e of  ecurity, thinking he’  out of the country. Maybe he i , maybe he i n’t, but the fact remain  he can move fa ter than Severu  Snape confronted with  hampoo when he want  to,  o don’t count on him being a long way away if you’re planning to take any ri k . I never thought I’d hear my elf  ay it, but  afety fir t!” “Thank you very much for tho e wi e word , Rapier,”  aid Lee. ”Li tener , that bring  u  to the end of another Potterwatch. We don’t know when it will be po ible to broadca t again, but you can be  ure we  hall be back. Keep twiddling tho e dial : The next pa word will be ‘Mad-Eye.’ Keep each other  afe: Keep faith. Good night.” The radio’  dial twirled and the light  behind the tuning panel went out. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were  till beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voice  wa  an extraordinary tonic; Harry had become  o u ed to their i olation he had nearly forgotten that other people were re i ting Voldemort. It wa  like waking from a long  leep. “Good, eh?”  aid Ron happily. “Brilliant,”  aid Harry. “It’   o brave of them,”  ighed Hermione admiringly. “If they were found …” “Well, they keep on the move, don’t they?”  aid Ron. “Like u .” “But did you hear what Fred  aid?” a ked Harry excitedly; now the broadca t wa  over, hi  thought  turned around toward hi  all con uming ob e ion. “He’  abroad! He’   till looking for the Wand, I knew it!” “Harry—“ “Come on, Hermione, why are you  o determined not to admit it? Vol –“ “HARRY, NO!” “—demort’  after the Elder Wand!” “The name’  Taboo!” Ron bellowed, leaping to hi  feet a  a loud crack  ounded out ide the tent. “I told you, Harry, I told you, we can’t  ay it anymore – we’ve got to put the protection back around u  – quickly – it’  how they find –“ But Ron  topped talking, and Harry knew why. The Sneako cope on the table had lit up and begun to  pin; they could hear voice  coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voice . Ron pulled the Deluminator out of hi  pocket and clicked it: Their lamp  went out. “Come out of there with your hand  up!” came a ra ping voice through the darkne . “We know you’re in there! You’ve got half a dozen wand  pointing at you and we don’t care who we cur e!” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE MALFOY MANOR Harry looked around at the other two, now mere outline  in the darkne . He  aw Hermione point her wand,  et toward the out ide, but into hi  face; there wa  a bang, a bur t of white light, and he buckled in agony, unable to  ee. He could feel hi  face  welling rapidly under hi  hand  a  heavy footfall   urrounded him. “Get up, vermin.” Unknown hand  dragged Harry roughly off the ground, before he could  top them,  omeone had rummaged through hi  pocket  and removed the blackthorn wand. Harry clutched at hi  excruciatingly painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath hi  finger , tight,  wollen, and puffy a  though he had  uffered  ome violent allergic reaction. Hi  eye  had been reduced to  lit  through which he could barely  ee; hi  gla e  fell off a  he wa  bundled out of the tent: all he could make out were the blurred  hape  of four or five people wre tling Ron and Hermione out ide too. “Get -- off - her!” Ron  houted. There wa  the unmi takable  ound of knuckle  hitting fle h: Ron grunted in pain and Hermione  creamed, “No! Leave him alone, leave him alone!” “Your boyfriend'  going to have wor e than that done to him if he'  on my li t,”  aid the horribly familiar, ra ping voice. “Deliciou  girl... what a treat . . . I do enjoy the  oftne  of the  kin. . . .” Harry'   tomach turned over. He knew who thi  wa , Fenrit Greyback, the werewolf who wa  permitted to wear Death Eater robe  in return for hi  hired  avagery. “Search the tent!”  aid another voice. Harry wa  thrown face down onto the ground. A thud told him that Ron had been ca t down be ide him. They could hear foot tep  and cra he ; the men were pu hing over chair  in ide the tent a  they  earched. “Now, let'   ee who we've got,”  aid Greyback'  gloating voice from overhead, and Harry wa  rolled over onto hi  back. A beam of wand light fell onto hi  face and Greyback laughed. “I'll be needing butterbeer to wa h thi  one down. What happened to you, ugly?” Harry did not an wer immediately. “I  aid,” repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragm that made him double over in pain. “what happened to you?” “Stung.” Harry muttered. “Been Stung.” “Yeah, look  like it.”  aid a  econd voice. “What’  your name?”  narled Greyback. “Dudley.”  aid Harry. “And your fir t name?” “I -- Vernon . Vernon Dudley.” “Check the li t, Scabior.”  aid Greyback, and Harry head him move  ideway  to look down at Ron, in tead. “And what about you, ginger?” “Stan Shunpike.”  aid Ron. “Like 'ell you are.”  aid the man called Scabior. “We know Stan Shunpike, 'e'  put a bit of work our way.” There wa  another thud. “I'b Bardy,”  aid Ron, and Harry could tell that hi  mouth wa  full of blood. “Bardy Wea ley.” “A Wea ley?” ra ped Greyback. “So you're related to blood traitor  even if you're not a Mudblood. And la tly, your pretty little friend . . .” The reli h in hi  voice made Harry'  fle h crawl. “Ea y, Greyback.”  aid Scabior over the jeering of the other . "Oh, I'm not going to bite ju t yet. We'll  ee if  he’  a bit quicker at remembering her name than Barny. Who are you, girly? “Penelope Clearwater.”  aid Hermione. She  ounded terrified, but convincing. “What'  your blood  tatu ?” “Half-Blood.”  aid Hermione. “Ea y enough to check,”  aid Scabior. “But the 'ole lot of 'em look like they could  till be 'ogwart  age -” “We'b lebt,”  aid Ron. “Left, 'ave you, ginger?”  aid Scabior. “And you decided to go camping? And you thought, ju t for a laugh, you'd u e the Dark Lord  name?” “Nod a laugh,”  aid Ron. “Aggiden.” “Accident?” There wa  more jeering laughter. “You know who u ed to like u ing the Dark Lord'  name, Wea ley?” growled Greyback, “The Order of the Phoenix . Mean anything to you?” “Doh.” “Well, they don't  how the Dark Lord proper re pect,  o the name'  been Tabooed. A few Order member  have been tracked that way. We'll  ee. Bind them up with the other two pri oner !” Someone yanked Harry up by the hair, dragged him a  hort way, pu hed him down into a  itting po ition, then  tarted binding him back-to-back with other people. Harry wa   till half blind, barely able to  ee anything through hi  puffed-up eye . When at la t the man tying then had walked away, Harry whi pered to the other pri oner . “Anyone  till got a wand?” “No.” Said Ron and Hermione from either  ide of him. “Thi  i  all my fault. I  aid the name. I'm  orry -” “Harry?” It wa  a new, but familiar voice. and it came from directly behind Harry, from the per on tied to Hermione'  left. “Dean?” “It i  you! If they find out who they've got -! They're Snatcher , they're only looking for truant  to  ell for gold -” “Not a bad little haul for one night.” Greyback wa   aying, a  a pair of hobnailed boot  marched clo e by Harry and they heard more cra he  from in ide the tent. “A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and the e truant . You checked their name  on the li t yet, Scabior?” he roared. “Yeah. There'  no Vernon Dudley un 'ere, Greyback.” “Intere ting,”  aid Greyback. “That'  intere ting.” He crouched down be ide Harry, who  aw, through the infinite imal gap left between hi   wollen eyelid , a face covered in matted gray hair and whi ker , with pointed brown teeth and  ore  in the corner  of hi  mouth. Greyback  melled a  he had done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt,  weat, and blood. “So you aren't wanted, then, Vernon ? Or are you on that li t under a different name? What hou e were you in at Hogwart ?” “Slytherin,”  aid Harry automatically. “Funny 'ow they all think  we want  to 'ear that.” leered Scabior out of the  hadow . “But none of 'em can tell u  where the common room i .” “It'  in the dungeon .”  aid Harry clearly. “You enter through the wall. It'  full of  kull  and  tuff and it  under the lake,  o the light'  all green,” There wa  a  hort pau e. “Well, well, look  like we really 'ave caught a little Slytherin.”  aid Scabior. “Good for you, Vernon , 'cau e there ain't a lot of Mudblood Slytherin . Who'  your father?” “He work  at the Mini try,” Harry lied. He knew that hi  whole  tory would collap e with the  malle t inve tigation, but on the other hand, he only had until hi  face regained it  u ual appearance before the game wa  up in any ca e. “Department of Magical Accident  and Cata trophe .” “You know what, Greyback,”  aid Scabior. “I think there i  a Dudley in there.” Harry could barely breathe: Could luck,  heer luck, get them  afely out of thi ? “Well, well.”  aid Greyback, and Harry could hear the tinie t note of trepidation in that callou  voice, and knew that Greyback wa  wondering whether he had ju t indeed ju t attacked and bound the  on of a Mini try Official. Harry'  heart wa  pounding again t the rope  around hi  rib ; he would not have been  urpri ed to know that Greyback could  ee it. “If you're telling the truth, ugly, you've got nothing to fear from a trip to the Mini try. I expect your father'll reward u  ju t for picking you up.” “But,”  aid Harry, hi  mouth bone dry, “if you ju t let u  -” “Hey!” came a  hout from in ide the tent. “Look at thi . Greyback!” A dark figure came bu tling toward them, and Harry  aw a glint of  ilver to the light of their wand . They had found Gryffindor'   word. “Ve-e-ery nice,”  aid Greyback appreciatively, taking it from hi  companion. “Oh, very nice indeed. Look  goblin-made, that. Where did you get  omething like thi ?” “It'  my father' ,” Harry lied, hoping again t hope that it wa  too dark for Greyback to  ee the name etched ju t below the hilt. “We borrowed it to cut firewood -” “'ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at thi , in the Prophet!” A  Scabior  aid it, Harry'   car, which wa   tretched tight acro  hi  di tended forehead, burned  avagely. More clearly than he could make out anything around him, he  aw a towering building, a grim fortre , jet-black and forbidding: Voldemort'  thought  had  uddenly become Razor-Sharp again; he wa  gliding toward the gigantic building with a  en e of calmly euphoric purpo e . . . So clo e . . . So clo e . . . With a huge effort of will Harry clo ed hi  mind to Voldemort'  thought , pulling him elf back to where he  at, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkne , li tening to Greyback and Scabior. “'Hermione Granger,” Scabior wa   aying, “the Mudblood who i  known to be traveling with 'arry Potter.” Harry'   car burned in the  ilence, but he made a  upreme effort to keep him elf pre ent, nor to  lip into Voldemort'  mind. He heard the creak of Greyback'  boot  a  he crouched down, in front of Hermione. “you know what, little girly? Thi  picture look  a hell of a lot like you.” “It i n't! It i n't me!” Hermione'  terrified  queak wa  a  good a  a confe ion. “... known to be traveling with Harry Potter,” repeated Greyback quietly. A  tillne  had  ettled over the  cene. Harry'   car wa  Exqui itely painful, but he  truggled with all hi   trength again t the pull of Voldemort'  thought . It had never been  o important to remain in hi  own right mind. “Well, thi  changed thing , doe n't it?” whi pered Greyback. Nobody  poke: Harry  en ed the gang of Snatcher  watching, frozen, and felt Hermione'  arm trembling again t hi . Greyback got up and took a couple of  tep  to where Harry  at, crouching down again to  tare clo ely at hi  mi hapen feature . “What'  that on your forehead, Vernon ?” he a ked  oftly, hi  breath foul in Harry'  no tril  a  he pre ed a filthy finger to the taught  car. "Don't touch it! Harry yelled; he could not  top him elf, he thought he might be  ick from the pain of it. “I thought you wore gla e , Potter?” breathed Greyback. “I found gla e !” yelped one of the Snatcher   kulking in the background. “There wa  gla e  in the tent, Greyback, wait -” And  econd  later Harry'  gla e  had been rammed back onto hi  face. The Snatcher  were clo ing in now, peering at him. “It I !” ra ped Greyback. “We've caught Potter!” They all took  everal  tep  backward,  tunned by what they had done. Harry,  till fighting to remain pre ent in hi  own  plitting head, could think of nothing to  ay. Fragmented vi ion  were breaking acro  the  urface of hi  mind - --He wa  hiding around the high wall  of the black fortre -- No, he wa  Harry, tied up and wandle , in grave danger-- --looking up, up to the topmo t window, the highe t tower-- He wa  Harry, and they were di cu ing hi  fate in low voice -- --Time to fly . . . “. . . To the Mini try?” “To hell with the Mini try.” growled Greyback. “They'll take the credit, and we won't get a look in. I  ay we take him  traight to You-Know-Who.” “Will you  ummon 'im? 'ere?”  aid Scabior,  ounding awed, terrified. “No,”  narled Greyback, “I haven't got -- they  ay he'  u ing the Malfoy'  place a  a ba e. We'll take the boy there.” Harry thought he knew why Greyback wa  not calling Voldemort. The werewolf might be allowed to wear Death Eater robe  when they wanted to u e him, but only Voldemort'  inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted thi  highe t honor. Harry’   car  eared again – – and he ro e into the night, flying  traight up to the window  at the very top of the tower – “. . . completely  ure it’  him? ‘Cau e if it ain’t, Greyback, we’re dead.” “Who’  in charge here?” roared Greyback, covering hi  moment of inadequacy. “I  ay that’  Potter, and him plu  hi  wand, that’  two hundred thou and Galleon  right there! But if you’re too gutle  to come along, any of you, it’  all for me, and with any luck, I’ll get the girl thrown in!” – The window wa  the mere t  lit in the black rock, not big enough for a man to enter. . . . A  keletal figure wa  ju t vi ible through it, curled beneath a blanket. . . . Dead, or  leeping . . . ? “All right!”  aid Scabior. “All right, we’re in! And what about the re t of ‘em, Greyback, what’ll we do with ‘em?” “Might a  well take the lot. We’ve got two Mudblood , that’  another ten Galleon . Give me the  word a  well. If they’re rubie , that’  another  mall fortune right there.” The pri oner  were dragged to their feet. Harry could hear Hermione’  breathing, fa t and terrified. “Grab hold and make it tight. I’ll do Potter!”  aid Greyback,  eizing a fi tful of Harry’  hair; Harry could feel hi  long yellow nail   cratching hi   calp. “On three! One – two – three –“ They Di apparated, pulling the pri oner  with them. Harry  truggled, trying to throw off Greyback’  hand, but it wa  hopele : Ron and Hermione were  queezed tightly again t him on either  ide; he could not  eparate from the group, and a  the breath wa   queezed out of him hi   car  eared more painfully  till – – a  he forced him elf through the  lit of a window like a  nake and landed, lightly a  vapor in ide the cell-like room – The pri oner  lurched into one another a  they landed in a country lane. Harry’  eye ,  till puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then he  aw a pair of wrought-iron gate  at the foot of what looked like a long drive. He experienced the tinie t trickle of relief. The wor t had not happened yet: Voldemort wa  not here. He wa , Harry knew, for he wa  fighting to re i t the vi ion, in  ome  trange, fortre like place, at the top of a tower. How long it would take Voldemort to get to thi  place, once he knew that Harry wa  here, wa  another matter. . . . One of the Snatcher   trode to the gate  and  hook them. “How do we get in? They’re locked, Greyback, I can’t – blimey!” He whipped hi  hand  away in fright. The iron wa  contorting, twi ting it elf out of the ab tract furl  and coil  into a frightening face, which  poke in a clanging, echoing voice. “State your purpo e!” “We’ve got Potter!” Greyback roared triumphantly. “We’ve captured Harry Potter!” The gate   wung open. “Come on!”  aid Greyback to hi  men, and the pri oner  were  hunted through the gate  and up the drive, between high hedge  that muffled their foot tep . Harry  aw a gho tly white  hape above him, and realized it wa  an albino peacock. He  tumbled and wa  dragged onto hi  feet by Greyback; now he wa   taggering along  ideway , tied back-to-back to the four other pri oner. Clo ing hi  puffy eye , he allowed the pain in hi   car to overcome him for a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort wa  doing, whether he knew yet that Harry wa  caught. . . . The emaciated figure  tirred beneath it  thin blanket and rolled over toward him, eye  opening in a  kull of a face. . . . The frail man  at up, great  unken eye  fixed upon him, upon Voldemort, and then he  miled. Mo t of hi  teeth were gone. . . . “So, you have come. I thought you would . . . one day. But your journey wa  pointle . I never had it.” “You lie!” A  Voldemort’  anger throbbed in ide him, Harry’   car threatened to bur t with pain, and he wrenched hi  mind back to hi  own body, fighting to remain pre ent a  the pri oner  were pu hed over gravel. Light  pilled out over all of them. “What i  thi ?”  aid a woman’  cold voice. “We’re here to  ee He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named!” ra ped Greyback. “Who are you?” “You know me!” There wa  re entment in the werewolf’  voice. “Fenrit Greyback! We’ve caught Harry Potter!” Greyback  eized Harry and dragged him around to face the light, forcing the other pri oner  to  huffle around too. “I know ‘e   wollen, ma’am, but it’  ‘im!” piped up Scabior. “If you look a bit clo er, you’ll  ee ‘i   car. And thi  ‘ere,  ee the girl? The Mudblood who’  been traveling around with ‘im, ma’am. There’  no doubt it’  ‘im, and we’ve got ‘i  wand a  well! ‘Ere, ma’am –“ Through hi  puffy eyelid  Harry  aw Narci a Malfoy  crutinizing hi   wollen face. Scabior thru t the blackthorn wand at her. She rai ed her eyebrow . “Bring them in,”  he  aid. Harry and the other  were  hoved and kicked up broad  tone  tep  into a hallway lined with portrait . “Follow me,”  aid Narci a, leading the way acro  the hall. “My  on, Draco, i  home for hi  Ea ter holiday . If that i  Harry Potter, he will know.” The drawing room dazzled after the darkne  out ide; even with hi  eye  almo t clo ed Harry could make out the wide proportion  of the room. A cry tal chandelier hung from the ceiling, more portrait  again t the dark purple wall . Two figure  ro e from chair  in front of an ornate marble fireplace a  the pri oner  were forced into the room by the Snatcher . “What i  thi ?” The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Luciu  Malfoy fell on Harry’  ear . He wa  panicking now. He could  ee no way out, and it wa  ea ier, a  hi  fear mounted, to block out Voldemort’  thought , though hi   car wa   till burning. “They  ay they’ve got Potter,”  aid Narci a’  cold voice. “Draco, come here.” Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but  aw him obliquely; a figure  lightly taller than he wa , ri ing from an armchair, hi  face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair. Greyback forced the pri oner  to turn again  o a  to place Harry directly beneath the chandelier. “Well, boy?” ra ped the werewolf. Harry wa  facing a mirror over the fireplace, a great gilded thing in an intricately  crolled frame. Through the  lit  of hi  eye  he  aw hi  own reflection for the fir t time  ince leaving Grimmauld Place . Hi  face wa  huge,  hiny, and pink, every feature di torted by Hermione’  jinx. Hi  black hair reached hi   houlder  and there wa  a dark  hadow around hi  jaw. Had he not known that it wa  he who  tood there, he would have wondered who wa  wearing hi  gla e . He re olved not to  peak, for hi  voice wa   ure to give him away; yet he  till avoided eye contact with Draco a  the latter approached. “Well, Draco?”  aid Luciu  Malfoy. He  ounded avid. “I  it? I  it Harry Potter?” “I can’t – I can’t be  ure,”  aid Draco. He wa  keeping hi  di tance from Greyback, and  eemed a   cared of looking at Harry a  Harry wa  of looking at him. “But look at him carefully, look! Come clo er!” Harry had never heard Luciu  Malfoy  o excited. “Draco, if we are the one  who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv –“ “Now, we won’t be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope Mr. Malfoy?”  aid Greyback menacingly. “Of cour e not, of cour e not!”  aid Luciu  impatiently. He approached Harry him elf, came  o clo e that Harry could  ee the u ually languid, pale face in  harp detail even through hi   wollen eye . With hi  face a puffy ma k, Harry felt a  though he wa  peering out from between the bar  of a cage. “What did you do to him?” Luciu  a ked Greyback. “How did he get into thi   tate?” “That wa n’t u .” “Look  more like a Stinging Jinx to me,”  aid Luciu . Hi  gray eye  raked Harry’  forehead. “There’   omething there,” he whi pered. “it could be the  car,  tretched tight. . . .” Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?” Harry  aw Draco’  face up clo e now, right be ide hi  father’ . They were extraordinarily alike, except that while hi  father looked be ide him elf with excitement, Draco’  expre ion wa  full of reluctance, even fear. “I don’t know,” he  aid, and he walked away toward the fireplace where hi  mother  tood watching. “We had better be certain, Luciu ,” Narci a called to her hu band in her cold, clear voice. “Completely  ure that it i  Potter, before we  ummon the Dark Lord . . . They  ay thi  i  hi ” –  he wa  looking clo ely at the blackthorn wand – “but it doe  not re emble Ollivander’  de cription. . . . If we are mi taken, if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing . . . Remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?” “What about the Mudblood, then?” growled Greyback. Harry wa  nearly thrown off hi  feet a  the Snatcher  forced the pri oner  to  wivel around again,  o that the light fell on Hermione in tead. “Wait,”  aid Narci a  harply. “Ye  – ye ,  he wa  in Madam Malkin’  with Potter! I  aw her picture in the Prophet! Look, Draco, i n’t it the Granger girl?” “I . . . maybe . . . yeah.” “But then, that’  the Wea ley boy!”  houted Luciu ,  triding around the bound pri oner  to face Ron. “It’  them, Potter’  friend  – Draco, look at him, i n’t it Arthur Wea ley’   on, what’  hi  name – ?” “Yeah,”  aid Draco again, hi  back to the pri oner . “It could be.” The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A woman  poke, and the  ound of the voice wound Harry’  fear to an even higher pitch. “What i  thi ? What’  happened, Ci y?” Bellatrix Le trange walked  lowly around the pri oner , and  topped on Harry’  right,  taring at Hermione through her heavily lidded eye , “But  urely,”  he  aid quietly, “thi  i  the Mudblood girl? Thi  i  Grander?” “Ye , ye , it’  Granger!” cried Luciu , “And be ide her, we think, Potter! Potter and hi  friend , caught at la t!” “Potter?”  hrieked Bellatrix, and  he backed away, the better to take in Harry. “Are you  ure? Well then, the Dark Lord mu t be informed at once!” She dragged back her left  leeve: Harry  aw the Dark Mark burned into the fle h of her arm, and knew that  he wa  about to touch it, to  ummon her beloved ma ter– “I wa  about to call him!”  aid Luciu , and hi  hand actually clo ed upon Bellatrix’  wri t, preventing her from touching the Mark. “I  hall  ummon him, Bella. Potter ha  been brought to my hou e, and it i  therefore upon my authority –“ “Your authority!”  he  neered, attempting to wrench her hand from hi  gra p. “You lo t your authority when you lo t your wand, Luciu ! How dare you! Take your hand  off me!” “Thi  i  nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy –“ “Begging your pardon, Mr. Malfoy,” interjected Greyback, “but it’  u  that caught Potter, and it’  u  that’ll be claiming the gold –“ “Gold!” laughed Bellatrix,  till attempting to throw off her brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand. “Take your gold, filthy  cavenger, what do I want with gold? I  eek only the honor of hi  – of –“ She  topped  truggling, her dark eye  fixed upon  omething Harry could not  ee. Jubilant at her capitulation, Luciu  threw her hand from him and ripped up hi  own  leeve – “STOP!”  hrieked Bellatrix, “Do not touch it, we  hall all peri h if the Dark Lord come  now!” Luciu  froze, hi  index finger hovering over hi  own Mark. Bellatrix  trode out of Harry’  limited line of vi ion. “What i  that?” he heard her  ay. “Sword,” grunted an out-of- ight Snatcher. “Give it to me.” “It’  not your , mi u , it’  mine, I reckon I found it.” There wa  a bang and a fla h of red light; Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There wa  a roar of anger from hi  fellow : Scabior drew hi  wand. “What d’you think you’re playing at, woman?” “Stupefy!”  he  creamed, ”Stupefy!” They were no match for her, even thought there were four of them again t one of her: She wa  a witch, a  Harry knew, with prodigiou   kill and no con cience. They fell where they  tood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling po ition, hi  arm  out tretched. Out of the corner  of hi  eye  Harry  aw Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the  word of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face waxen. “Where did you get thi   word?”  he whi pered to Greyback a   he pulled hi  wand out of hi  unre i ting grip. “How dare you?” he  narled, hi  mouth the only thing that could move a  he wa  forced to gaze up at her. He bared hi  pointed teeth. “Relea e me, woman!” “Where did you find thi   word?”  he repeated, brandi hing it in hi  face, “Snape  ent it to my vault in Gringott !” “It wa  in their tent,” ra ped Greyback. “Relea e me, I  ay!” She waved her wand, and the werewolf  prang to hi  feet, but appeared too wary to approach her. He prowled behind an armchair, hi  filthy curved nail  clutching it  back. “Draco, move thi   cum out ide,”  aid Bellatrix, indicating the uncon ciou  men. “If you haven’t got the gut  to fini h them, then leave them in the courtyard for me.” “Don’t you dare  peak to Draco like –“  aid Narci a furiou ly, but Bellatrix  creamed. “Be quiet! The  ituation i  graver than you can po ibly imagine, Ci y! We have a very  eriou  problem!” She  tood, panting  lightly, looking down at the  word, examining it  hilt. Then  he turned to look at the  ilent pri oner . “If it i  indeed Potter, he mu t not be harmed,”  he muttered, more to her elf than to the other . “The Dark Lord wi he  to di po e of Potter him elf. . . . But if he find  out . . . I mu t . . . I mu t know. . . .” She turned back to her  i ter again. “The pri oner  mu t be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!” “Thi  i  my hou e, Bella, you don’t give order  in my –“ “Do it! You have no idea of the danger we’re in!”  hrieked Bellatrix. She looked frightening, mad; a thin  tream of fire i ued from her wand and burned a hole in the carpet. Narci a he itated for a moment, then addre ed the werewolf. “Take the e pri oner  down to the cellar, Greyback.” “Wait,”  aid Bellatrix  harply. “All except. . . . except for the Mudblood.” Greyback gave a grunt of plea ure. “No!”  houted Ron. “You can have me, keep me!” Bellatrix hit him acro  the face: the blow echoed around the room. “If  he die  under que tioning, I’ll take you next,”  he  aid. “Blood traitor i  next to Mudblood in my book. Take them down tair , Greyback, and make  ure they are  ecure, but do nothing more to them – yet.” She threw Greyback’  wand back to him, then took a  hort  ilver knife from under her robe . She cut Hermione free from the other pri oner , then dragged her by the hair into the middle of the room, while Greyback forced the re t of them to  huffle acro  to another door, into a dark pa ageway, hi  wand held out in front of him, projecting an invi ible and irre i tible force. “Reckon  he’ll let me have a bit of the girl when  he’  fini hed with her?” Greyback crooned a  he forced them along the corridor. “I’d  ay I’ll get a bite or two, wouldn’t you, ginger?” Harry could feel Ron  haking. They were forced down a  teep flight of  tair ,  till tied back-to-back and in danger of  lipping and breaking their neck  at any moment. At the bottom wa  a heavy door. Greyback unlocked it with a tap of hi  wand, then forced them into a dank and mu ty room and left them in total darkne . The echoing bang of the  lammed cellar door had not died away before there wa  a terrible, drawn out  cream from directly above them. “HERMIONE!” Ron bellowed, and he  tarted to writhe and  truggle again t the rope  tying them together,  o that Harry  taggered. “HERMIONE!” “Be quiet!” Harry  aid. “Shut up. Ron, we need to work out a way –“ “HERMIONE! HERMIONE!” “We need a plan,  top yelling – we need to get the e rope  off –“ “Harry?” came a whi per through the darkne . “Ron? I  that you?” Ron  topped  houting. There wa  a  ound of movement clo e by them, then Harry  aw a  hadow moving clo er. “Harry? Ron?” “Luna?” “Ye , it’  me! Oh no, I didn’t want you to be caught!” “Luna, can you help u  get the e rope  off?”  aid Harry. “Oh ye , I expect  o. . . . There’  an old nail we u e if we need to break anything. . . . Ju t a moment . . .” Hermione  creamed again from overhead, and they could hear Bellatrix  creaming too, but her word  were inaudible, for Ron  houted again, “HERMIONE! HERMIONE!” “Mr. Ollivander?” Harry could hear Luna  aying. “Mr. Ollivander, have you got the nail? If you ju t move over a little bit . . . I think it wa  be ide the water jug.” She wa  back within  econd . “You’ll need to  tay  till,”  he  aid. Harry could feel her digging at the rope’  tough fiber  to work the knot  free. From up tair  they heard Bellatrix’  voice. “I’m going to a k you again! Where did you get thi   word? Where?” “We found it – we found it – PLEASE!” Hermione  creamed again; Ron  truggled harder than ever, and the ru ty nail  lipped onto Harry’  wri t. “Ron, plea e  tay  till!” Luna whi pered. “I can’t  ee what I’m doing –“ “My pocket!”  aid Ron, “In my pocket, there’  a Deluminator, and it’  full of light!” A few  econd  later, there wa  a click, and the lumine cent  phere  the Deluminator had  ucked from the lamp  in the tent flew into the cellar: Unable to rejoin their  ource , they  imply hung there, like tiny  un , flooding the underground room with light. Harry  aw Luna, all eye  in her white face, and the motionle  figure of Ollivander the wandmaker, curled up on the floor in the corner. Craning around, he caught  ight of their fellow pri oner : Dean and Griphook the goblin, who  eemed barely con ciou , kept  tanding by the rope  that bound him to the human . “Oh, that’  much ea ier, thank , Ron,”  aid Luna, and  he began hacking at their binding  again. “Hello, Dean!” From above came Bellatrix’  voice. “You’re lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it! You have been in ide my vault at Gringott ! Tell the truth, tell the truth!” Another terrible  cream– “HERMIONE!” “What el e did you take? What el e have you got? Tel me the truth or, I  wear, I  hall run you through with thi  knife!” “There!” Harry felt the rope  fall away and turned, rubbing hi  wri t , to  ee Ron running around the cellar, looking up at the low ceiling,  earching for a trapdoor. Dean, hi  face brui ed and bloody,  aid “Thank ” to Luna and  tood there,  hivering, but Griphook  ank onto the cellar floor, looking groggy and di oriented, many welt  acro  hi   warthy face. Ron wa  now trying to Di apparate without a wand. “There’  no way out, Ron,”  aid Luna, watching hi  fruitle  effort . “The cellar i  completely e cape-proof. I tried, at fir t. Mr. Ollivander ha  been here for a long time, he’  tried everything.” Hermione wa   creaming again: The  ound went through Harry like phy ical pain. Barely con ciou  of the fierce prickling of hi   car, he too  tarted to run around the cellar, feeling the wall  for he hardly knew what, knowing in hi  heart that it wa  u ele . “What el e did you take, what el e? ANSWER ME! CRUCIO!” Hermione’   cream  echoed off the wall  up tair , Ron wa  half  obbing a  he pounded the wall  with hi  fi t , and Harry in utter de peration  eized Hagrid’  pouch from around hi  neck and groped in ide it: He pulled out Dumbledore’  Snitch and  hook it, hoping for he did not know what – nothing happened – he waved the broken halve  of the phoenix wand, but they were lifele  – the mirror fragment fell  parkling to the floor, and he  aw a gleam of brighte t blue – Dumbledore’  eye wa  gazing at him out of the mirror. “Help u !” he yelled at it in mad de peration. “We’re in the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help u !” The eye blinked and wa  gone. Harry wa  not even  ure that it had really been there. He tilted the  hard of mirror thi  way and that, and  aw nothing reflected there but the wall  and ceiling of their pri on, and up tair  Hermione wa   creaming wor e than ever, and next to him Ron wa  bellowing, “HERMIONE! HERMIONE!” “How did you get into my vault?” they heard Bellatrix  cream. “Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?” “We only met him tonight!” Hermione  obbed. “We’ve never been in ide your vault. . . . It i n’t the real  word! It’  a copy, ju t a copy!” “A copy?”  creeched Bellatrix. “Oh, a likely  tory!” “But we can find out ea ily!” came Luciu ’  voice. “Draco, fetch the goblin, he can tell u  whether the  word i  real or not!” Harry da hed acro  the cellar to where Griphook wa  huddled on the floor. “Griphook,” he whi pered into the goblin’  pointed ear, “you mu t tell them that  word’  a fake, they mu tn’t know it’  the real one, Griphook, plea e –“ He could hear  omeone  cuttling own the cellar  tep ; next moment, Draco’   haking voice  poke from behind the door. “Stand back. Line up again t the back wall. Don’t try anything, or I’ll kill you!” They did a  they were bidden; a  the lock turned, Ron clicked the Deluminator and the light  whi ked back into hi  pocket, re toring the cellar’  darkne . The door flew open; Malfoy marched in ide, wand held out in front of him, pale and determined. He  eized the little goblin by the arm and backed out again, dragging Griphook with him. The door  lammed  hut and at the  ame moment a loud crack echoed in ide the cellar. Ron clicked the Deluminator. Three ball  of light flew back into the air from hi  pocket, revealing Dobby the hou e-elf, who had ju t Apparated into their mid t. “DOB – !” Harry hit Ron on the arm to  top him  houting, and Ron looked terrified at hi  mi take. Foot tep  cro ed the ceiling overhead: Draco marching Griphook to Bellatrix. Dobby’  enormou , tenni -ball  haped eye  were wide; he wa  trembling from hi  feet to the tip  of hi  ear . He wa  back in the home of hi  old ma ter , and it wa  clear that he wa  petrified. “Harry Potter,” he  queaked in the tinie t quiver of a voice, “Dobby ha  come to re cue you.” “But how did you – ?” An awful  cream drowned Harry’  word : Hermione wa  being tortured again. He cut to the e ential . “You can Di apparate out of thi  cellar?” he a ked Dobby, who nodded, hi  ear  flapping. “And you can take human  with you?” Dobby nodded again. “Right. Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander, and take them – take them to –“ “Bill and Fleur’ ,”  aid Ron. “Shell Cottage on the out kirt  of Tinworth!” The elf nodded for a third time. “And then come back,”  aid Harry. “Can you do that, Dobby?” “Of cour e, Harry Potter,” whi pered the little elf. He hurried over to Mr. Ollivander, who appeared to be barely con ciou . He took one of the wandmaker’  hand  in hi  own, then held out the other to Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved. “Harry, we want to help you!” Luna whi pered. “We can’t leave you here,”  aid Dean. “Go, both of you! We’ll  ee you at Bill and Fleur’ .” A  Harry  poke, hi   car burned wor e than ever, and for a few  econd  he looked down, not upon the wandmaker, but on another man who wa  ju t a  old, ju t a  thin, but laughing  cornfully. “Kill me, then. Voldemort, I welcome death! But my death will not bring you what you  eek. . . . There i   o much you do not under tand. . .” He felt Voldemort’  fury, but a  Hermione  creamed again he  hut it out, returning to the cellar and the horror of hi  own pre ent. “Go!” Harry be eeched to Luna and Dean. “Go! We’ll follow, ju t go!” They caught hold of the elf’  out tretched finger . There wa  another loud crack, and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vani hed. “What wa  that?”  houted Luciu  Malfoy from over their head . “Did you hear that? What wa  that noi e in the cellar?” Harry and Ron  tared at each other. “Draco – no, call Wormtail! Make him go and check!” Foot tep  cro ed the room overhead, then there wa   ilence. Harry knew that the people in the drawing room were li tening for more noi e  from the cellar. “We’re going to have to try and tackle him,” he whi pered to Ron. They had no choice: The moment anyone entered the room and  aw the ab ence of three pri oner , they were lo t. “Leave the light  on,” Harry added, and a  they heard  omeone de cending the  tep  out ide the door, they backed again t the wall on either  ide of it. “Stand back,” came Wormtail’  voice. “Stand away from the door. I’m coming in.” The door flew open. For a  plit  econd Wormtail gazed into the apparently empty cellar, ablaze with light from the three miniature  un  floating in midair. Then Harry and Ron launched them elve  upon him. Ron  eized Wormtail’  wand arm and forced it upward . Harry  lapped a hand to hi  mouth, muffling hi  voice. Silently they  truggled: Wormtail’  wand emitted  park ; hi   ilver hand clo ed around Harry’  throat. “What i  it, Wormtail?” called Luciu  Malfoy from above. “Nothing!” Ron called back, in a pa able imitation of Wormtail’  wheezy voice. “All fine!” Harry could barely breathe. “You’re going to kill me?” Harry choked, attempting to pri e off the metal finger . “After I  aved your life? You owe me, Wormtail!” The  ilver finger   lackened. Harry had not expected it: He wrenched him elf free, a toni hed, keeping hi  hand over Wormtail’  mouth. He  aw the ratlike man’   mall watery eye  widen with fear and  urpri e: He  eemed ju t a   hocked a  Harry at what hi  hand had done, at the tiny, merciful impul e it had betrayed, and he continued to  truggle more powerfully, a  though to undo that moment of weakne . “And we’ll have that,” whi pered Ron, tugging Wormtail’  wand from hi  other hand. Wandle , helple , Pettigrew’  pupil  dilated in terror. Hi  eye  had  lid from Harry’  face to  omething el e. Hi  own  ilver finger  were moving inexorably toward hi  own throat. “No –“ Without pau ing to think, Harry tried to drag back the hand, but there wa  no  topping it. The  ilver tool that Voldemort had given hi  mo t cowardly  ervant had turned upon it  di armed and u ele  owner; Pettigrew wa  reaping hi  reward for hi  he itation, hi  moment of pity; he wa  being  trangled before their eye . “No!” Ron had relea ed Wormtail too, and together he and Harry tried to pull the cru hing metal finger  from around Wormtail’  throat, but it wa  no u e. Pettigrew wa  turning blue. “Rela hio!”  aid Ron, pointing the wand at the  ilver hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to hi  knee , and at the  ame moment, Hermione gave a dreadful  cream from overhead. Wormtail’  eye  rolled upward in hi  purple face; he gave a la t twitch, and wa   till. Harry and Ron looked at each other, then leaving Wormtail’  body on the floor behind them, ran up the  tair  and back into the  hadowy pa ageway leading to the drawing room. Cautiou ly they crept along it until they reached the drawing room door, which wa  ajar. Now they had a clear view of Bellatrix looking down at Griphook, who wa  holding Gryffindor’   word in hi  long-fingered hand . Hermione wa  lying at Bellatrix’  feet. She wa  barely  tirring. “Well?” Bellatrix  aid to Griphook. “I  it the true  word?” Harry waited, holding hi  breath, fighting again t the prickling of hi   car. “No,”  aid Griphook. “It i  a fake.” “Are you  ure?” panted Bellatrix. “Quite  ure?” “Ye ,”  aid the goblin. Relief broke acro  her face, all ten ion drained from it. “Good,”  he  aid, and with a ca ual flick of her wand  he  la hed another deep cut into the goblin’  face, and he dropped with a yell at her feet. She kicked him a ide. “And now,”  he  aid in a voice that bur t with triumph, “we call the Dark Lord!” And  he pu hed back her  leeve and touched her forefinger to the Dark Mark. At once, Harry’   car felt a  though it had  plit open again. Hi  true  urrounding  vani hed: He wa  Voldemort, and the  keletal wizard before him wa  laughing toothle ly at him; he wa  enraged at the  ummon  he felt – he had warned them, he had told them to  ummon him for nothing le  than Potter. If they were mi taken . . . “Kill me, then!” demanded the old man. “You will not win, you cannot win! That wand will never, ever be your  –“ And Voldemort’  fury broke: A bur t of green light filled the pri on room and the frail old body wa  lifted from it  hard bed and then fell back, lifele , and Voldemort returned to the window, hi  wrath barely controllable. . . . They would  uffer hi  retribution if they had no good rea on for calling him back. . . . “And I think,”  aid Bellatrix’  voice, “we can di po e of the Mudblood. Greyback, take her if you want her.” “NOOOOOOOOOOOO!” Ron had bur t into the drawing room; Bellatrix looked around,  hocked;  he turned her wand to face Ron in tead – “Expelliarmu !” he roared, pointing Wormtail’  wand at Bellatrix, and her  flew into the air and wa  caught by Harry, who had  printed after Ron. Luciu , Narci a, Draco and Greyback wheeled about; Harry yelled, “Stupefy!” and Luciu  Malfoy collap ed onto the hearth. Jet  of light flew from Draco’ , Narci a’ , and Greyback’  wand ; Harry threw him elf to the floor, rolling behind a  ofa to avoid them. “STOP OR SHE DIES! Panting, Harry peered around the edge of the  ofa. Bellatrix wa   upporting Hermione, who  eemed to be uncon ciou , and wa  holding her  hort  ilver knife to Hermione’  throat. “Drop your wand ,”  he whi pered. “Drop them, or we’ll  ee exactly how filthy her blood i !” Ron  tood rigid, clutching Wormtail’  wand. Harry  traightened up,  till holding Bellatrix’ . “I  aid, drop them!”  he  creeched, pre ing the blade into Hermione’  throat: Harry  aw bead  of blood appear there. “All right!” he  houted, and he dropped Bellatrix’  wand onto the floor at hi  feet, Ron did the  ame with Wormtail’ . Both rai ed their hand  to  houlder height. “Good!”  he leered. “Draco, pick them up! The Dark Lord i  coming, Harry Potter! Your death approache !” Harry knew it; hi   car wa  bur ting with the pain of it, and he could feel Voldemort flying through the  ky from far away, over a dark and  tormy  ea, and  oon he would be clo e enough to Apparate to them, and Harry could  ee no way out. “Now,”  aid Bellatrix  oftly, a  Draco hurried back to her with the wand . “Ci y, I think we ought to tie the e little heroe  up again, while Greyback take  care of Mi  Mudblood. I am  ure the Dark Lord will not begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what you have done tonight.” At the la t word there wa  a peculiar grinding noi e from above. All of them looked upward in time to  ee the cry tal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and an ominou  jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrix wa  directly beneath it; dropping Hermione,  he threw her elf a ide with a  cream. The chandelier cra hed to the floor in an explo ion of cry tal and chain , falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who  till clutched the  word of Gryffindor. Glittering  hard  of cry tal flew in all direction ; Draco doubled over, hi  hand  covering hi  bloody face. A  Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, Harry took the chance: He leapt over an armchair and wre ted the three wand  from Draco’  grip, pointed all of them at Greyback, and yelled, “Stupefy!” The werewolf wa  lifted off hi  feet by the triple  pell, flew up to the ceiling and then  ma hed to the ground. A  Narci a dragged Draco out of the way of further harm, Bellatrix  prang to her feet, her hair flying a   he brandi hed the  ilver knife; but Narci a had directed her wand at the doorway. “Dobby!”  he  creamed and even Bellatrix froze. “You! You dropped the chandelier – ?” The tiny elf trotted into the room, hi   haking finger pointing at hi  old mi tre . “You mu t not hurt Harry Potter,” he  queaked. “Kill him, Ci y!”  hrieked Bellatrix, but there wa  another loud crack, and Narci a’  wand too flew into the air and landed on the other  ide of the room. “You dirty little monkey!” bawled Bellatrix. “How dare you take a witch’  wand, how dare you defy your ma ter ?” “Dobby ha  no ma ter!”  quealed the elf. “Dobby i  a free elf, and Dobby ha  come to  ave Harry Potter and hi  friend !” Harry’   car wa  blinding him with pain. Dimly he knew that they had moment ,  econd  before Voldemort wa  with them. “Ron, catch – and GO!” he yelled, throwing one of the wand  to him; then he bent down to tug Griphook out from under the chandelier. Hoi ting the groaning goblin, who  till clung to the  word, over one  houlder, Harry  eized Dobby’  hand and  pun on the  pot to Di apparate. A  he turned into darkne  he caught one la t view of the drawing room of the pale, frozen figure  of Narci a and Draco, of the  treak of red that wa  Ron’  hair, and a blue of flying  ilver, a  Bellatrix’  knife flew acro  the room at the place where he wa  vani hing – Bill and Fleur’  . . . Shell Cottage . . . Bill and Fleur’  . . . He had di appeared into the unknown; all he could do wa  repeat the name of the de tination and hope that it would  uffice to take him there. The pain in hi  forehead pierced him, and the weight of the goblin bore down upon him; he could feel the blade of Gryffindor’   word bumping again t hi  back: Dobby’  hand jerked in hi ; he wondered whether the elf wa  trying to take charge, to pull them in the right direction, and tried, by  queezing the finger , to indicate that that wa  fine with them. . . . And then they hit  olid earth and  melled  alty air. Harry fell to hi  knee , relinqui hed Dobby’  hand, and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the ground. “Are you all right?” he  aid a  the goblin  tirred, but Griphook merely whimpered. Harry  quinted around through the darkne . There  eemed to be a cottage a  hort way away under the wide  tarry  ky, and he thought he  aw movement out ide it. “Dobby, i  thi  Shell Cottage?” he whi pered, clutching the two wand  he had brought from the Malfoy ’, ready to fight if he needed to. “Have we come to the right place? Dobby?” He looked around. The little elf  tood feet from him. “DOBBY!” The elf  wayed  lightly,  tar  reflected in hi  wide,  hining eye . Together, he and Harry looked down at the  ilver hilt of the knife protruding from the elf’  heaving che t. “Dobby – no – HELP!” Harry bellowed toward the cottage, toward the people moving there. “HELP!” He did not know or care whether they were wizard  or Muggle , friend  or foe ; all he cared about wa  that a dark  tain wa   preading acro  Dobby’  front, and that he had  tretched out hi  own arm  to Harry with a look of  upplication. Harry caught him and laid him  ideway  on the cool gra . “Dobby, no, don’t die, don’t die –“ The elf’  eye  found him, and hi  lip  trembled with the effort to form word . “Harry . . . Potter . . .” And then with a little  hudder the elf became quite  till, and hi  eye  were nothing more than great gla y orb ,  prinkled with light from the  tar  they could not  ee.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR THE WANDMAKER It wa  like  inking into an old nightmare; for an in tant Harry knelt again be ide Dumbledore’  body at the foot of the talle t tower at Hogwart , but in reality he wa   taring at a tiny body curled upon the gra , pierced by Bellatrix’   ilver knife. Harry’  voice wa   till  aying, “Dobby…Dobby…” even though he knew that the elf had gone where he could not call him back. After a minute or  o he realized that they had, after all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him a  he knelt over the elf. “Hermione,” he  aid  uddenly. “Where i   he?” “Ron’  taken her in ide,”  aid Bill. “She’ll be all right.” Harry looked back down at Dobby. He  tretched out a hand and pulled the  harp blade from the elf’  body, then dragged off hi  own jacket and covered Dobby in it like a blanket. The  ea wa  ru hing again t the rock  omewhere nearby; Harry li tened to it while the other  talked, di cu ing matter  in which he could take no intere t, making deci ion , Dean carried the injured Griphook into the hou e, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill wa  really knowing what he wa   aying. A  he did  o, he gazed down at the tiny body, and hi   car prickled and burned, and in one part of hi  mind, viewed a  if from the wrong end of a long tele cope, he  aw Voldemort puni hing tho e they had left behind at the Malfoy Manor. Hi  rage wa  dreadful and yet Harry’  grief for Dobby  eemed to dimini h it,  o that it became a di tant  torm that reached Harry from acro  a va t,  ilent ocean. “I want to do it properly,” were the fir t word  of which Harry wa  fully con ciou  of  peaking. “Not by magic. Have you got a  pade?” And  hortly afterward he had  et to work, alone, digging the grave in the place that Bill had  hown him at the end of the garden, between bu he . He dug with a kind of fury, reli hing the manual work, glorying in the non-magic of it, for every drop of hi   weat and every bli ter felt like a gift to the elf who had  aved their live . Hi   car burned, but he wa  ma ter of the pain, he felt it, yet wa  apart from it. He had learned control at la t, learned to  hut hi  mind to Voldemort, the very thing Dumbledore had wanted him to learn from Snape. Ju t a  Voldemort had not been able to po e  Harry while Harry wa  con umed with grief for Siriu ,  o hi  thought  could not penetrate Harry now while he mourned Dobby. Grief, it  eemed, drove Voldemort out…though Dumbledore, of cour e, would have  aid that it wa  love. On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth,  ub uming hi  grief in  weat, denying the pain in hi   car. In the darkne , with nothing but the  ound of hi  own breath and the ru hing  ea to keep him company, the thing  that had happened at the Malfoy ’ returned to him, the thing  he had heard came back to him, and under tanding blo omed in the darkne … The  teady rhythm of hi  arm  beat time with hi  thought . Hallow …Horcruxe …Hallow …Horcruxe …yet no longer burned with that weird, ob e ive longing. Lo  and fear had  nuffed it out. He felt a  though he had been  lapped awake again. Deeper and deeper Harry  ank into the grave, and he knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom he had killed in the topmo t cell of Nurmengard, and why… And he thought of Wormtail, dead becau e of one  mall uncon ciou  impul e of mercy…Dumbledore had fore een that…How much more had he known? Harry lo t track of time. He knew only that the darkne  had lightened a few degree  when he wa  rejoined by Ron and Dean. “How’  Hermione?” “Better,”  aid Ron. “Fleur’  looking after her.” Harry had hi  retort ready for when they a ked him why he had not  imply created a perfect grave with hi  wand, but he did not need it. They jumped down into the hole he had made with  pade  of their own and together they worked in  ilence until the hole  eemed deep enough. Harry wrapped the elf more  nuggly in hi  jacket. Ron  at on the edge of the grave and  tripped off hi   hoe  and  ock , which he placed on the elf’  bare feet. Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefully upon Dobby’  head, muffling hi  batlike ear . “We  hould clo e hi  eye .” Harry had not heard the other  coming through the darkne . Bill wa  wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. Hermione wa  wrapped in a borrowed dre ing gown, pale and un teady on her feet; Ron put an arm around her when  he reached him. Luna, who wa  huddled in one of Fleur’  coat , crouched down and placed her finger  tenderly upon each of the elf’  eyelid ,  liding them over hi  gla y  tare. “There,”  he  aid  oftly. “Now he could be  leeping.” Harry placed the elf into the grave, arranged hi  tiny limb   o that he might have been re ting, then climbed out and gazed for the la t time upon the little body. He forced him elf not to break down a  he remembered Dumbledore’  funeral, and the row  and row  of golden chair , and the Mini ter of Magic in the front row, the recitation of Dumbledore’  achievement , the  tateline  of the white marble tomb. He felt that Dobby de erved ju t a  grand a funeral, and yet here the elf lay between bu he  in a roughly dug hole. “I think we ought to  ay  omething,” piped up Luna. “I’ll go fir t,  hall I?” And a  everybody looked at her,  he addre ed the dead elf at the bottom of the grave. “Thank you  o much Dobby for re cuing me from that cellar. It’   o unfair that you had to die when you were  o good and brave. I’ll alway  remember what you did for u . I hope you’re happy now.” She turned and looked expectingly at Ron, who cleared hi  throat and  aid in a thick voice, “yeah…thank  Dobby.” “Thank ,” muttered Dean. Harry  wallowed. “Good bye Dobby,” he  aid It wa  all he could manage, but Luna had  aid it all for him. Bill rai ed hi  wand, and the pile of earth be ide the grave ro e up into the air and fell neatly upon it, a  mall, reddi h mound. “D’ya mind if I  tay here a moment?” He a ked the other . They murmured word  he did not catch; he felt gentle pat  upon hi  back, and then they all traip ed back toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone be ide the elf. He looked around: There were a number of large white  tone ,  moothed by the  ea, marking the edge of the flower bed . He picked up one of the large t and laid it, pillowlike, over the place where Dobby’  head now re ted. He then felt in hi  pocket for a wand. There were two in there. He had forgotten, lo t track; he could not now remember who e wand  the e were; he  eemed to remember wrenching them out of  omeone’  hand. He  elected the  horter of the two, which felt friendlier in hi  hand, and pointed it at the rock. Slowly, under hi  murmured in truction, deep cut  appeared upon the rock’   urface. He knew that Hermione could have done it more neatly, and probably more quickly, but he wanted to mark the  pot a  he had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry  tood up again, the  tone read: HERE LIES DOBBY, A FREE ELF. He looked at hi  handiwork for a few more  econd , then walked away, hi   car  till prickling a little, and hi  mind full of tho e thing  that had come to him in the grave, idea  that had taken  hape in the darkne , idea  both fa cinating and terrible. They were all  itting in the living room when he entered the little hall, their attention focu ed upon Bill, who wa  talking. The room wa  light-colored, pretty, with a  mall fire of driftwood burning brightly in the fireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud upon the carpet,  o he  tood in the doorway, li tening. “…lucky that Ginny’  on holiday. If  he’d been at Hogwart  they could have taken her before we reached her. Now we know  he’   afe too.” He looked around and  aw Harry  tanding there. “I’ve been getting them all out of the Burrow,” he explained. “Moved them to Muriel’ . The Death Eater  know Ron’  with you now, they’re bound to target the family –don’t apologize,” he added at the  ight of Harry’  expre ion. “It wa  alway  a matter of time, Dad’  been  aying  o for month . We’re the bigge t blood traitor family there i .” “How are they protected?” a ked Harry. “Fideliu  Charm. Dad’  Secret-Keeper. And we’ve done it on thi  cottage too; I’m Secret-Keeper here. None of u  can go to work, but that’  hardly the mo t important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook are well enough, we’ll move them to Muriel’  too. There i n’t much room here, but  he’  got plenty. Griphook’  leg  are on the mend. Fleur’  given him Skele-Gro-we could probably move them in an hour or—“ “No,” Harry  aid and Bill looked  tartled. “I need both of them here. I need to talk to them. It’  important.” He heard the authority of hi  own voice, the conviction, the voice of purpo e that had come to him a  he dug Dobby’  grave. All of their face  were turned toward him looking puzzled. “I’m going to wa h,” Harry told Bill looking down at hi  hand   till covered with mud and Dobby’  blood. “Then I’ll need to  ee them,  traight away.” He walked into the little kitchen, to the ba in beneath a window overlooking the  ea. Dawn wa  breaking over the horizon,  hell pink and faintly gold, a  he wa hed, again following the train of thought that had come to him in the dark garden… Dobby would never be able to tell them who had  ent him to the cellar, but Harry knew what he had  een. A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror fragment, and then help had come. Help will alway  be given at Hogwart  to tho e who a k for it. Harry dried hi  hand , imperviou  to the beauty of the  cene out ide the window and to the murmuring of the other  in the  itting room. He looked out over the ocean and felt clo er, thi  dawn, than ever before, clo er to the heart of it all. And  till hi   car prickled, and he knew that Voldemort wa  getting there too. Harry under tood and yet did not under tand. Hi  in tinct wa  telling him one thing, hi  brain quite another. The Dumbledore in Harry’  head  miled,  urveying Harry over the tip  of hi  finger , pre ed together a  if in prayer. You gave Ron the Deluminator…You under tood him…You gave him a way back… And you under tood Wormtail too…You knew there wa  a bit of regret there,  omewhere… And if you knew them…What did you know about me, Dumbledore? Am I meant to know but not to  eek? Did you know how hard I’d feel that? I  that why you made it thi  difficult? So I’d have time to work that out? Harry  tood quite  till, eye  glazed, watching the place where a bright gold ray of dazzling  un wa  ri ing over the horizon. Then he looked down at hi  clean hand  and wa  momentarily  urpri ed to  ee the cloth he wa  holding in them. He  et it down and returned to the hall, and a  he did  o, he felt hi   car pul e angrily, and then fla hed acro  hi  mind,  wift a  the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building he knew extremely well. Bill and Fleur were  tanding at the foot of the  tair . “I need to  peak to Griphook and Ollivander,” Harry  aid. “No,”  aid Fleur. “You will ‘ave to wait, ‘Arry. Zey are both too tired –” “I’m  orry,” he  aid without heat, “but it can’t wait. I need to talk to them now. Privately – and  eparately. It’  urgent.” “Harry, what the hell’  going on?” a ked Bill. “You turn up here with a dead hou e-elf and a half-con ciou  goblin, Hermione look  a  though  he’  been tortured, and Ron’  ju t refu ed to tell me anything –” “We can’t tell you what we’re doing,”  aid Harry flatly. “You’re in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left u  a mi ion. We’re not  uppo ed to talk about it to anyone el e.” Fleur made an impatient noi e, but Bill did not look at her; he wa   taring at Harry. Hi  deeply  carred face wa  hard to read. Finally, Bill  aid, “All right. Who do you want to talk to fir t?” Harry he itated. He knew what hung on hi  deci ion. There wa  hardly any time left; now wa  the moment to decide: Horcruxe  or Hallow ? “Griphook,” Harry  aid. “I’ll  peak to Griphook fir t.” Hi  heart wa  racing a  if he had been  printing and had ju t cleared an enormou  ob tacle. “Up here, then,”  aid Bill, leading the way. Harry had walked up  everal  tep  before  topping and looking back. “I need you two a  well!” he called to Ron and Hermione, who had been  kulking, half concealed, in the doorway of the  itting room. They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved. “How are you?” Harry a ked Hermione. “You were amazing – coming up with that  tory when  he wa  hurting you like that –” Hermione gave a weak  mile a  Ron gave her a one-armed  queeze. “What are we doing now, Harry?” he a ked. “You’ll  ee. Come on.” Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Bill up the  teep  tair  onto a  mall landing. Three door  led off it. “In here,”  aid Bill, opening the door into hi  and Fleur’  room, it too had a view of the  ea, now flecked with gold in the  unri e. Harry moved to the window, turned hi  back on the  pectacular view, and waited, hi  arm  folded, hi   car prickling. Hermione took the chair be ide the dre ing table; Ron  at on the arm. Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom he  et down carefully upon the bed. Griphook grunted thank , and Bill left, clo ing the door upon them all. “I’m  orry to take you out of bed,”  aid Harry. “How are your leg ?” “Painful,” replied the goblin. “But mending.” He wa   till clutching the  word of Gryffindor, and wore a  trange look: half truculent, half intrigued. Harry noted the goblin’   allow  kin, hi  long thin finger , hi  black eye . Fleur had removed hi   hoe : Hi  long feet were dirty. He wa  larger than a hou e-elf, but not by much. Hi  domed head wa  much bigger than a human’ . “You probably don’t remember –” Harry began. “—that I wa  the goblin who  howed you to your vault, the fir t time you ever vi ited Gringott ?”  aid Griphook. “I remember, Harry Potter. Even among t goblin , you are very famou .” Harry and the goblin looked at each other,  izing each other up. Harry’   car wa   till prickling. He wanted to get through thi  interview with Griphook quickly, and at the  ame time wa  afraid of making a fal e move. While he tried to decide on the be t way to approach hi  reque t, the goblin broke the  ilence. “You buried the elf,” he  aid,  ounding unexpectedly rancorou . “I watched you from the window of the bedroom next door.” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. Griphook looked at him out of the corner  of hi   lanting black eye . “You are an unu ual wizard, Harry Potter.” “In what way?” a ked Harry, rubbing hi   car ab ently. “You dug the grave.” “So?” Griphook did not an wer. Harry rather thought he wa  being  neered at for acting like a Muggle, but it did not matter to him whether Griphook approved of Dobby’  grave or not. He gathered him elf for the attack. “Griphook, I need to a k –” “You al o re cued a goblin.” “What?” “You brought me here. Saved me.” “Well, I take it you’re not  orry?”  aid Harry a little impatiently. “No, Harry Potter,”  aid Griphook, and with one finger he twi ted the thin black beard upon hi  chin, “but you are a very odd wizard.” “Right,”  aid Harry. “Well, I need  ome help, Griphook, and you can give it to me.” The goblin made no  ign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry a  though he had never  een anything like him. “I need to break into a Gringott  vault.” Harry had not meant to  ay it  o badly: the word  were forced from him a  pain  hot through hi  lightning  car and he  aw, again, the outline of Hogwart . He clo ed hi  mind firmly. He needed to deal with Griphook fir t. Ron and Hermione were  taring at Harry a  though he had gone mad. “Harry –”  aid Hermione, but  he wa  cut off by Griphook. “Break into a Gringott  vault?” repeated the goblin, wincing a little a  he  hifted hi  po ition upon the bed. “It i  impo ible.” “No, it i n’t,” Ron contradicted him. “It’  been done.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “The  ame day I fir t met you, Griphook. My birthday,  even year  ago.” “The vault in que tion wa  empty at the time,”  napped the goblin, and Harry under tood that even though Griphook had let Gringott , he wa  offended at the idea of it  defen e  being breached. “It  protection wa  minimal.” “Well, the vault we need to get into i n’t empty, and I’m gue ing it  protection will be pretty powerful,”  aid Harry. “It belong  to the Le trange .” He  aw Hermione and Ron look at each other, a toni hed, but there would be time enough to explain after Griphook had given hi  an wer. “You have no chance,”  aid Griphook flatly. “No chance at all. If you  eek beneath our floor , a trea ure that wa  never your  –” “Thief, you have been warned, beware – yeah, I know, I remember,”  aid Harry. “But I’m not trying to get my elf any trea ure, I’m not trying to take anything for per onal gain. Can you believe that?” The goblin looked  lantwi e at Harry, and the lightning  car on Harry’  forehead prickled, but he ignored it, refu ing to acknowledge it  pain or it  invitation. “If there wa  a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not  eek per onal gain,”  aid Griphook finally, “it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblin  and elve  are not u ed to the protection or the re pect that you have  hown thi  night. Not from wand-carrier .” “Wand-carrier ,” repeated Harry: The phra e fell oddly upon hi  ear  a  hi   car prickled, a  Voldemort turned hi  thought  northward, and a  Harry burned to que tion Ollivander next door. “The right to carry a wand,”  aid the goblin quietly, “ha  long been conte ted between wizard  and goblin .” “Well, goblin  can do magic without wand ,”  aid Ron. “That i  immaterial! Wizard  refu e to  hare the  ecret  of wand-lore with other magical being , they deny u  the po ibility of extending our power !” “Well, goblin  won’t  hare any of their magic either,”  aid Ron. “You won’t tell u  how to make  word  and armor the way you do. Goblin  know how to work metal in a way wizard  have never –” “It doe n’t matter,”  aid Harry, noting Griphook’  ri ing color. “Thi  i n’t about wizard  ver u  goblin  or any other  ort of magical creature –” Griphook gave a na ty laugh. “But it i , it i  preci ely that! A  the Dark Lord become  ever more powerful, your race i   et  till more firmly above mine! Gringott  fall  under Wizarding rule, hou e-elve  are  laughtered, and who among t the wand-carrier  prote t ?” “We do!”  aid Hermione. She had  at up  traight, her eye  bright. “We prote t! And I’m hunted quite a  much a  any goblin or elf, Griphook! I’m a Mudblood!” “Don’t call your elf –” Ron muttered. “Why  houldn’t I?”  aid Hermione. “Mudblood, and proud of it! I’ve got no higher po ition under thi  new order than you have, Griphook! It wa  me they cho e to torture, back at the Malfoy !” A   he  poke,  he pulled a ide the neck of the dre ing gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix had made,  carlet again t her throat. “Did you know that it wa  Harry who  et Dobby free?”  he a ked. “Did you know that we’ve wanted elve  to be freed for year ?” (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of Hermione’  chair.) “You can’t want You-Know-Who defeated more than we do, Griphook!” The goblin gazed at Hermione with the  ame curiou ity he had  hown Harry. “What do you  eek within the Le trange ’ vault?” he a ked abruptly. “The  word that lie  in ide it i  a fake. Thi  i  the real one.” He looked from one to the other of them. “I think that you already know thi . You a ked me to lie for you back there.” “But the fake  word i n’t the only thing in that vault, i  it?” a ked Harry. “Perhap  you’ve  een other thing  in there?” Hi  heart wa  pounding harder than ever. He redoubled hi  effort  to ignore the pul ing of hi   car. The goblin twi ted hi  beard around hi  finger again. “It i  again t our code to  peak of the  ecret  of Gringott . We are the guardian  of fabulou  trea ure . We have a duty to the object  placed in our care, which were,  o often, wrought by our finger .” The goblin  troked the  word, and hi  black eye  roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back again. “So young,” he  aid finally, “to be fighting  o many.” “Will you help u ?”  aid Harry. “We haven’t got a hope of breaking in without a goblin’  help. You’re our one chance.” “I  hall . . . think about it,”  aid Griphook maddeningly. “But –” Ron  tarted angrily; Hermione nudged him in the rib . “Thank you,”  aid Harry. The goblin bowed hi  great domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed hi   hort leg . “I think,” he  aid,  ettling him elf o tentatiou ly upon Bill and Fleur’  bed, “that the Skele-Gro ha  fini hed it  work. I may be able to  leep at la t. Forgive me. . . .” “Yeah, of cour e,”  aid Harry, but before leaving the room he leaned forward and took the  word of Gryffindor from be ide the goblin. Griphook did not prote t, but Harry thought he  aw re entment in the goblin’  eye  a  he clo ed the door upon him. “Little git,” whi pered Ron. “He’  enjoying keeping u  hanging.” “Harry,” whi pered Hermione, pulling them both away from the door, into the middle of the  till-dark landing, “are you  aying what I think you’re  aying? Are you  aying there’  a Horcrux in the Le trange  vault?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “Bellatrix wa  terrified when  he thought we’d been in there,  he wa  be ide her elf. Why? What did  he think we’d  een, what el e did  he think we might have taken? Something  he wa  petrified You-Know-Who would find out about.” “But I thought we were looking for place  You-Know-Who’  been, place  he’  done  omething important?”  aid Ron, looking baffled. “Wa  he ever in ide the Le trange ’ vault?” “I don’t know whether he wa  ever in ide Gringott ,”  aid Harry. “He never had gold there when he wa  younger, becau e nobody left him anything. He would have  een the bank from the out ide, though, the fir t time he ever went to Diagon Alley.” Harry’   car throbbed, but he ignored it; he wanted Ron and Hermione to under tand about Gringott  before they  poke to Ollivander. “I think he would have envied anyone who had a key to a Gringott  vault. I think he’d have  een it a  a real  ymbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And don’t forget, he tru ted Bellatrix and her hu band. They were hi  mo t devoted  ervant  before he fell, and they went looking for him after he vani hed. He  aid it night he came back, I heard him.” Harry rubbed hi   car. “I don’t think he’d have told Bellatrix it wa  a Horcrux, though. He never told Luciu  Malfoy the truth about the diary. He probably told her it wa  a trea ured po e ion and a ked her to place it in her vault. The  afe t place in the world for anything you want to hide, Hagrid told me. . . except for Hogwart .” When Harry had fini hed  peaking, Ron  hook hi  head. “You really under tand him.” “Bit  of him,”  aid Harry. “Bit  . . . I ju t wi h I’d under tood Dumbledore a  much. But we’ll  ee. Come on – Ollivander now.” Ron and Hermione looked bewildered but very impre ed a  they followed him acro  the little landing and knocked upon the door oppo ite Bill and Fleur’ . A weak “Come in!” an wered them. The wandmaker wa  lying on the twin bed farthe t from the window. He had been held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at lea t one occa ion. He wa  emaciated, the bone  of hi  face  ticking out  harply again t the yellowi h  kin. Hi  great  ilver eye   eemed va t in their  unken  ocket . The hand  that lay upon the blanket could have belonged to a  keleton. Harry  at down on the empty bed, be ide Ron and Hermione. The ri ing  un wa  not vi ible here. The room faced the cliff-top garden and the fre hly dug grave. “Mr. Ollivander, I’m  orry to di turb you,” Harry  aid. “My dear boy,” Ollivander’  voice wa  feeble. “You re cued u , I thought we would die in that place, I can never thank you . . . never thank you . . . enough.” “We were glad to do it.” Harry’   car throbbed. He knew, he wa  certain, that there wa  hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to hi  goal, or el e to attempt to thwart him. He felt a flutter of panic . . . yet he had made hi  deci ion when he cho e to  peak to Griphook fir t. Feigning a calm he did not feel, he groped in the pouch around hi  neck and took out the two halve  of hi  broken wand. “Mr. Ollivander, I need  ome help.” “Anything. Anything.” Said the wandmaker weakly. “Can you mend thi ? I  it po ible?” Ollivander held out a trembling hand, and Harry placed the two barely connected halve  in hi  palm. “Holly and phoenix feather,”  aid Ollivander in a tremulou  voice. “Eleven inche . Nice and  upple.” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “Can you -- ?” “No,” whi pered Ollivander. “I am  orry, very  orry, but a wand that ha   uffered thi  degree of damage cannot be repaired by any mean  that I know of.” Harry had been braced to hear it, but it wa  a blow neverthele . He took the wand halve  back and replaced them in the pouch around hi  neck. Ollivander  tared at the place where the  hattered wand had vani hed, and did not look away until Harry had taken from hi  pocket the two wand  he had brought from the Malfoy ’. “Can you identify the e?” Harry a ked. The wandmaker took the fir t of the wand  and held it clo e to hi  faded eye , rolling it between hi  knobble-knuckled finger , flexing it  lightly. “Walnut and dragon heart tring,” he  aid. “Twelve-and-three-quarter inche . Unyielding. Thi  wand belonged to Bellatrix Le trange.” “And thi  one?” Ollivander performed the  ame examination. “Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inche  preci ely. Rea onably  pringy. Thi  wa  the wand of Draco Malfoy.” “Wa ?” repeated Harry. “I n’t it  till hi ?” “Perhap  not. If you took it –” “—I did – ” “—then it may be your . Of cour e, the manner of taking matter . Much al o depend  upon the wand it elf. In general, however, where a wand ha  been won, it  allegiance will change.” There wa  a  ilence in the room, except for the di tant ru hing of the  ea. “You talk about wand  like they’ve got feeling ,”  aid Harry, “like they can think for them elve .” “The wand choo e  the wizard,”  aid Ollivander. “That much ha  alway  been clear to tho e of u  who have  tudied wandlore.” “A per on can  till u e a wand that ha n’t cho en them, though?” a ked Harry. “Oh ye , if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almo t any in trument. The be t re ult , however, mu t alway  come where there i  the  tronge t affinity between wizard and wand. The e connection  are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual que t for experience, the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from the wand.” The  ea gu hed forward and backward; it wa  a mournful  ound. “I took thi  wand from Draco Malfoy by force,”  aid Harry. “Can I u e it  afely?” “I think  o. Subtle law  govern wand owner hip, but the conquered wand will u ually bend it  will to it  new ma ter.” “So I  hould u e thi  one?”  aid Ron, pulling Wormtail’  wand out of hi  pocket and handing it to Ollivander. “Che tnut and dragon heart tring. Nine-and-a-quarter inche . Brittle. I wa  forced to make thi   hortly after my kidnapping, for Peter Pettigrew. Ye , if you won it, it i  more likely to do your bidding, and do it well, than another wand.” “And thi  hold  true for all wand , doe  it?” a ked Harry. “I think  o,” replied Ollivander, hi  protuberant eye  upon Harry’  face. “You a k deep que tion , Mr. Potter. Wandlore i  a complex and my teriou  branch of magic.” “So, it i n’t nece ary to kill the previou  owner to take the po e ion of a wand?” a ked Harry. Ollivander  wallowed. “Nece ary? No, I  hould not  ay that it i  nece ary to kill.” “There are legend , though,”  aid Harry, and a  hi  heart rate quickened, the pain in hi   car became more inten e; he wa   ure that Voldemort ha  decided to put hi  idea into action. “Legend  about a wand – or wand  – that have been pa ed from hand to hand by murder.” Ollivander turned pale. Again t the  nowy pillow he wa  light gray, and hi  eye  were enormou , blood hot, and bulging with what looked like fear. “Only one wand, I think,” he whi pered. “And You-Know-Who i  intere ted in it, i n’t he?” a ked Harry. “I – how?” croaked Ollivander, and he looked appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help. “How do you know thi ?” “He wanted you to tell him how to overcome the connection between our wand ,”  aid Harry. Ollivander looked terrified. “He tortured me, you mu t under tand that! The Cruciatu  Cur e, I – I had no choice but to tell him what I knew, what I gue ed!” “I under tand,”  aid Harry. “You told him about the twin core ? You  aid he ju t had to borrow another wizard’  wand?” Ollivander looked horrified, tran fixed, by the amount that Harry knew. He nodded  lowly. “But it didn’t work,” Harry went on. “Mine  till beat the borrowed wand. Do you know why that i ?” Ollivander  hook hi  head  lowly a  he had ju t nodded. “I had . . . never heard of  uch a thing. Your wand performed  omething unique that night. The connection of the twin core  i  incredibly rare, yet why your wand would have  napped the borrowed wand, I do not know. . . . “We were talking about the other wand, the wand that change  hand  by murder. When You-Know-Who realized my wand had done  omething  trange, he came back and a ked about that other wand, didn’t he?” “How do you know thi ?” Harry did not an wer. “Ye , he a ked,” whi pered Ollivander. “He wanted to know everything I could tell him about the wand variou ly known a  the Death tick, the Wand of De tiny, or the Elder Wand.” Harry glanced  ideway  at Hermione. She looked flaggerga ted. “The Dark Lord,”  aid Ollivander in hu hed and frightened tone , “had alway  been happy with the wand I made him – ye  and phoenix feather, thirteen-and-a-half inche . – until he di covered the connection of the twin core . Now he  eek  another, more powerful wand, a  the only way to conquer your .” “But he’ll know  oon, if he doe n’t already, that mine’  broken beyond repair,”  aid Harry quietly. “No!”  aid Hermione,  ounding frightened. “He can’t know that, Harry, how could he --?” “Priori Incantatem,”  aid Harry. “We left your wand and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoy ’, Hermione. If they examine them properly, make them re-create the  pell  they’ve ca t lately, they’d  ee that your  broke mine, they’ll  ee that you tried and failed to mend it, and they’ll realize that I’ve been u ing the blackthorn one ever  ince.” The little color  he had regained  ince their arrival had drained from her face. Ron gave Harry a reproachful look, and  aid, “Let’  not worry about that now ---” But Mr. Ollivander intervened. “The Dark Lord no longer  eek  the Elder Wand only for your de truction, Mr. Potter. He i  determined to po e  it becau e he believe  it will make him truly invulnerable.” “And will it?” “The owner of the Elder Wand mu t alway  fear attack,”  aid Ollivander, “but the idea of the Dark Lord in po e ion of the Death tick i , I mu t admit . . . formidable.” Harry wa   uddenly reminded of how un ure, when they fir t met, of how much he like Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and impri oned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark Wizard in po e ion of thi  wand  eemed to enthrall him a  much a  it repul ed him. “You – you really think thi  wand exi t , then, Mr. Ollivander?” a ked Hermione. “Oh ye ,”  aid Ollivander. “Ye , it i  perfectly po ible to trace the wand’  cour e through hi tory. There are gap , of, cour e, and long one , where it vani he  from view, temporarily lo t or hidden; but alway  it re urface . It ha  certain identifying characteri tic  that tho e who are learned in wandlore recognize. There are written account ,  ome of them ob cure, that I and other wandmaker  have made it our bu ine  to  tudy. They have the ring of authenticity.” “So you – you don’t think it can be a fairy tale or a myth?” Hermione a ked hopefully. “No,”  aid Ollivander. “Whether it need  to pa  by murder, I do not know. It  hi tory i  bloody, but that may be  imply due to the fact that it i   uch a de irable object, and arou e   uch pa ion  in wizard . Immen ely powerful, dangerou  in the wrong hand , and an object of incredible fa cination to all of u  who  tudy the power of wand .” “Mr. Ollivander,”  aid Harry, “you told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand, didn’t you?” Ollivander turned, if po ible, even paler. He looked gho tly a  he gulped. “But how – how do you -- ?” “Never mind how I know it,”  aid Harry, clo ing hi  eye  momentarily a  hi   car burned and he  aw, for mere  econd , a vi ion of the main  treet in Hog meade,  till dark, becau e it wa   o much farther north. “You told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the wand?” “It wa  a rumor,” whi pered Ollivander. “A rumor, year  and year  ago, long before you were born I believe Gregorovitch him elf  tarted it. You can  ee how good it would be for bu ine ; that he wa   tudying and duplicating the qualitie  of the Elder Wand!” “Ye , I can  ee that,”  aid Harry. He  tood up. “Mr. Ollivander, one la t thing, and then we’ll let you get  ome re t. What do you know about the Deathly Hallow ?” “The – the what?” a ked the wandmaker, looking utterly bewildered. “The Deathly Hallow .” “I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about. I  thi   till  omething to do with wand ?” Harry looked into the  unken face and believed that Ollivander wa  not acting. He did not know about the Hallow . “Thank you,”  aid Harry. “Thank you very much. We’ll leave you to get  ome re t now.” Ollivander looked  tricken. “He wa  torturing me!” he ga ped. “The Cruciatu  Cur e . . . you have no idea. . . .” “I do,”  aid Harry, “I really do. Plea e get  ome re t. Thank you for telling me all of thi .” He led Ron and Hermione down the  tairca e. Harry caught glimp e  of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean  itting at the table in the kitchen, cup  of tea in front of them. They all looked up at Harry a  he appeared in the doorway, but he merely nodded to them and continued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind him. The reddi h mound of earth that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, a  the pain in hi  head built more and more powerfully. It wa  a huge effort now to clo e down the vi ion  that were forcing them elve  upon him, but he knew that he would have to re i t only a little longer. He would yield very  oon, becau e he needed to know that hi  theory wa  right. He mu t make only one more  hort effort,  o that he could explain to Ron and Hermione. “Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand a long time ago,” he  aid, “I  aw You-Know-Who trying to find him. When he tracked him down, he found that Gregorovitch didn’t have it anymore: It wa   tolen from him by Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out that Gregorovitch had it, I don’t know – but if Gregorovitch wa   tupid enough to  pread the rumor, it can’t have been that difficult.” Voldemort wa  at the gate  of Hogwart ; Harry could  ee him  tanding there, and  ee too the lamp bobbing in the pre-dawn, coming clo er and clo er. “And Grindelwald u ed the Elder Wand to become powerful. And at the height of hi  power, when Dumbledore knew he wa  the only one who could  top him, he dueled Grindelwald and beat him, and he took the Elder Wand.” “Dumbledore had the Elder Wand?”  aid Ron. “But then – where i  it now?” “At Hogwart ,”  aid Harry, fighting to remain with them in the cliff-top garden. “But then, let’  go!”  aid Ron urgently. “Harry, let’  go and get it before he doe !” “It’  too late for that,”  aid Harry. He could not help him elf, but clutched hi  head, trying to help it re i t. “He know  where it i . He’  there now.” “Harry!” Ron  aid furiou ly. “How long have you known thi  – why have we been wa ting time? Why did you talk to Griphook fir t? We could have gone – we could  till go –” “No,”  aid Harry, and he  ank to hi  knee  in the gra . “Hermione’  right. Dumbledore didn’t want me to have it. He didn’t want me to take it. He wanted me to get the Horcruxe .” “The unbeatable wand, Harry!” moaned Ron. “I’m not  uppo ed to . . . I’m  uppo ed to get the Horcruxe . . . .” And now everything wa  cool and dark: The  un wa  barely vi ible over the horizon a  he glided along ide Snape, up through the ground  toward the lake. “I  hall join you in the ca tle  hortly,” he  aid in hi  high, cold voice. “Leave me now.” Snape bowed and  et off back up the path, hi  black cloak billowing behind him. Harry walked  lowly, waiting for Snape’  figure to di appear. It would not do for Snape, or indeed anyone el e, to  ee where he wa  going. But there were no light  in the ca tle window , and he could conceal him elf . . . and in a  econd he had ca t upon him elf a Di illu ionment Charm that hid him even from hi  own eye . And he walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking in the outline  of the beloved ca tle, hi  fir t kingdom, hi  birthright. . . . And here it wa , be ide the lake, reflected in the dark water . The white marble tomb, an unnece ary blot on the familiar land cape. He felt again that ru h of controlled euphoria, that heady  en e of purpo e in de truction. He rai ed the old yew wand: How fitting that thi  would be it  la t great act. The tomb  plit open from head to foot. The  hrouded figure wa  a  long a  thin a  it had been in life. He rai ed the wand again. The wrapping  fell open. The face wa  tran lucent, pale,  unken, yet almo t perfectly pre erved. They had left hi   pectacle  on the crooked no e: He felt amu ed deri ion. Dumbledore’  hand  were folded upon hi  che t, and there it lay, clutched beneath them, buried with him. Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect the wand? Had he thought that the Dark Lord would be  cared to violate hi  tomb? The  piderlike hand  wooped and pulled the wand from Dumbledore’  gra p, and a  he took it, a  hower of  park  flew from it  tip,  parkling over the corp e of it  la t owner, ready to  erve a new ma ter at la t. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE SHELL COTTAGE Bill and Fleur'  cottage  tood alone on a cliff overlooking the  ea, it  wall  embedded with  hell  and whitewa hed. It wa  a lonely and beautiful place. Wherever Harry went in ide the tiny cottage or it  garden, he could hear the con tant ebb and flow of the  ea, like the breathing of  ome great,  lumbering creature. He  pent much of the next few day  making excu e  to e cape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open  ky and wide, empty  ea, and the feel of cold,  alty wind on hi  face. The enormity of hi  deci ion not to race Voldemort to the wand  till  cared Harry. He could not remember, ever before, choo ing /not/ to act. He wa  full of doubt , doubt  that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together. “What if Dumbledore wanted u  to work out the  ymbol in time to get the wand?” “What if working out what the  ymbol meant made you 'worthy' to get the Hallow ?” “Harry, if that really i  the Elder Wand, how the hell are we  uppo ed to fini h off You-Know-Who?” Harry had no an wer : There were moment  when he wondered whether it had been outright madne  not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking open the tomb. He could not even explain  ati factorily why he had decided again t it: Every time he tried to recon truct the internal argument  that had led to hi  deci ion, they  ounded feebler to him. The odd thing wa  that Hermione'   upport made him feel ju t a  confu ed a  Ron'  doubt . Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand wa  real,  he maintained that it wa  an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken po e ion of it wa  repellent, not to be con idered. “You could never have done that, Harry,”  he  aid again and again. “You couldn't have broken into Dumbledore'  grave.” But the idea of Dumbledore'  corp e frightened Harry much le  than the po ibility that he might have mi under tood the living Dumbledore'  intention . He felt that he wa   till groping in the dark; he had cho en hi  path but kept looking back, wondering whether he had mi read the  ign , whether he  hould not have taken the other way. From time to time, anger at Dumbledore cra hed over him again, powerful a  the wave   lamming them elve  again t the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before he died. “But /i / he dead?”  aid Ron, three day  after they had arrived at the cottage. Harry had been  taring out over the wall that  eparated the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found him; he wi hed they had not, having no wi h to join in with their argument. “Ye , he i . Ron, /plea e” don't  tart that again!" “Look at the fact , Hermione,”  aid Ron,  peaking acro  Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. “The  olve doe. The  word. The eye Harry  aw in the mirror --” “Harry admit  he could have imagined the eye! Don't you, Harry?” “I could have,”  aid Harry without looking at her. “But you don't thing you did, do you?” a ked Ron. “No, I don't,”  aid Harry. “There you go!”  aid Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. “If it wa n't Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?” “I can't -- but can you explain how Dumbledore  ent him to u  if he'  lying in a tomb at Hogwart ?” “I dunno, it could've been hi  gho t!” “Dumbledore wouldn't come back a  a gho t,”  aid Harry. There wa  little about Dumbledore he wa   ure of now, but he knew that much. “He would have gone on.” “What d'you mean, 'gone on'?” a ked Ron, but before Harry could  ay any more, a voice behind them  aid, “'Arry?” Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long  ilver hair flying in the breeze. “'Arry, Grip'ook would like to  peak to you. 'E eez in ze  malle t bedroom, 'e  ay  'e doe  not want to be over'eard.” Her di like of the goblin  ending her to deliver me age  wa  clear;  he looked irritable a   he walked back around the hou e. Griphook wa  waiting for them, a  Fleur had  aid, in the tinie t of the cottage'  three bedroom , in which Hermione and Luna  lept by night. He had drawn the red cotton curtain  again t the bright, cloudy  ky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odd  with the re t of the airy, light cottage. “I have reached my deci ion, Harry Potter,”  aid the goblin, who wa   itting cro -legged in a low chair, drumming it  arm  with hi   pindly finger . “Though the goblin  of Gringott  will con ider it ba e treachery, I have decided to help you --” “That'  great!”  aid Harry, relief  urging through him. “Griphook, thank you, we're really --” “-- in return,”  aid the goblin firmly, “for payment.” Slightly taken aback, Harry he itated. “How much do you want? I've got gold.” “Not gold,”  aid Griphook. “I have gold.” Hi  black eye  glittered; there were no white  to hi  eye . “I want the  word. The  word of Godric Gryffindor.” Harry'   pirit  plummeted. “You can't have that,” he  aid. “I'm  orry.” “Then,”  aid the goblin  oftly, “we have a problem.” “We can give you  omething el e,”  aid Ron eagerly. “I'll bet the Le trange  have got load  of  tuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault.” He had  aid the wrong thing. Griphook flu hed angrily. “I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure trea ure  to which I have no right!” “The  word'  our  --” “it i  not,”  aid the goblin. “We're Gryffindor , and it wa  Godric Gryffindor'  --” “And before it wa  Gryffindor' , who e wa  it?” demanded the goblin,  itting up  traight. “No one' ,”  aid Ron. “It wa  made for him, wa n't it?” “No!” cried the goblin, bri tling with anger a  he pointed a long finger at Ron. “Wizarding arrogance again! That  word wa  Ragnuk the Fir t' , taken from him by Godric Gryffindor! It i  a _____ _________, a ma terpiece of goblinwork! It belong  with the gobl___. The  word i  the price of my hire, take it or leave it!” Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other ____, then  aid, “We need to di cu  thi , Griphook, if that'  all right. Could you give u  a few minute ?” The goblin nodded, looking  our. Down tair  in the empty  itting room, Harry walked to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. Behind him, Ron  aid, “He'  having a laugh. We can't let him have that  word.” “It i  true?” Harry a ked Hermione. “Wa  the  word  tolen by Gryffindor?” “I don't know,”  he  aid hopele ly. “Wizarding hi tory often  kate  over what the wizard  have done to other magical race , but there'  no account that I know of that  ay  Gryffindor  tole the  word.” “It'll be one of tho e goblin  torie ,”  aid Ron, “about how the wizard  are alway  trying to get one over on them. I  uppo e we  hould think our elve  lucky he ha n't a ked for one of our wand .” “Goblin  have got good rea on to di like wizard , Ron.”  aid Hermione. “They've been treated brutally in the pa t.” “Goblin  aren't exactly fluffy little bunnie , though, are they?”  aid Ron. “They've killed plenty of u . They've fought dirty too.” “But arguing with Griphook about who e race i  mo t underhanded and violent i n't going to make him more likely to help u , i  it?” There wa  a pau e while they tried to think of a way around the problem. Harry looked out of the window at Dobby'  grave. Luna wa  arranging  ea lavender in a jam jar be ide the head tone. “Okay,”  aid Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, “how'  thi ? We tell Griphook we need the  word until we get in ide the _____ and then he can have it. There'  a fake in the e, i n't there? We  witch them, and give him the fake.” “Ron, he'd know the difference better than we would!”  aid Hermione. “He'  the only one who realized there had been a  wap!” “Yeah, but we could _ca_per before he realize  --” He quailed beneath the look Hermione wa  giving him. “That,”  he  aid quietly, “i  de picable. A k for hi  help, then double-cro  him? And you wonder why goblin  don't like wizard , Ron?” Ron'  ear  had turned red. “All right, all right! It wa  the only thing I could think of! What'  your  olution, then?” “We need to offer him  omething el e,  omething ju t a  valuable.” “Brilliant, I'll go and get one of our ancient goblin-made  word  and you can gift wrap it.” Silence fell between them again. Harry wa   ure that the goblin would accept nothing but the  word, even if they had  omething a  valuable to offer him. Yet the  word wa  their one, indi pen able weapon again t the Horcruxe . He clo ed hi  eye  for a moment or two and li tened to the ru h of the  ea. The idea that Gryffindor might have  tolen the  word wa  unplea ant to him: He had alway  been proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-born , the wizard who had cla hed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin.... “Maybe he'  lying,” Harry  aid, opening hi  eye  again. “Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didn't take the  word. How do we know the goblin ver ion of hi tory'  right?” “Doe  it make a difference?” a ked Hermione. “Change  how I feel about it,”  aid Harry. He took a deep breath. “We'll tell him he can have the  word after he'  helped u  get into that vault -- but we'll be careful to avoid telling him exactly /when/ he can have it.” A grin  pread  lowly acro  Ron'  face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed. “Harry, we can't --” “He can have it,” Harry went on, “after we've u ed it on all of the Horcruxe . I'll make  ure he get  it then. I'll keep my word.” “But that could be year !”  aid Hermione. “I know that, but /he/ needn't. I won't be lying... really.” Harry met her eye  with a mixture of defiance and  hame. He remembered the word  that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. He pu hed the idea away. What choice did they have? “I don't like it,”  aid Hermione. “Nor do I, much,” Harry admitted. “Well, I think it'  geniu ,”  aid Ron,  tanding up again. “Let'  go and tell him.” Back in the  malle t bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phra e it  o a  not to give any definite time for the handover of the  word. Hermione frowned at the floor while he wa   peaking; he felt irritated at her, afraid that  he might give the game away. However, Griphook had eye  for nobody but Harry. “I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the  word of Gryffindor if I help you?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “Then  hake,”  aid the goblin, holding out hi  hand. Harry took it and  hook. He wondered whether tho e black eye   aw any mi giving  in hi  own. Then Griphook relinqui hed him, clapped hi  hand  together, and  aid, “So. We begin!” It wa  like planning to break into the Mini try all over again. They  ettled to work in the  malle t bedroom, which wa  kept, according to Griphook'  preference, in  emidarkne . “I have vi ited the Le trange ' vault only once,” Griphook told them, “on the occa ion I wa  told to place in ide it the fal e  word. It i  one of the mo t ancient chamber . The olde t Wizarding familie   tore their trea ure  at the deepe t level, where the vault  are large t and be t protected....” They remained  hut in the cupboardlike room for hour  at a time. Slowly the day   tretched into week . There wa  problem after problem to overcome, not lea t of which wa  that their  tore of Polyjuice Potion wa  greatly depleted. “There'  really only enough left for one of u ,”  aid Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion again t the lamplight. “That'll be enough,”  aid Harry, who wa  examining Griphook'  hand-drawn map of the deepe t pa ageway . The other inhabitant  of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that  omething wa  going on now that Harry, Ron and Hermione only emerged for mealtime . Nobody a ked que tion , although Harry often felt Bill'  eye  on the three of them at the table, thoughtful, concerned. The longer they  pent together, the more Harry realized that he did not much like the goblin. Griphook wa  unexpectedly bloodthir ty, laughed at the idea of pain in le er creature  and  eemed to reli h the po ibility that they might have to hurt other wizard  to reach the Le trange ' vault. Harry could tell that hi  di ta te wa   hared by the other two, but they did not di cu  it. They needed Griphook. The goblin ate only grudgingly with the re t of them. Even after hi  leg  had mended, he continued to reque t tray  of food in hi  room, like the  till-frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outbur t from Fleur) went up tair  to tell him that the arrangement could not continue. Thereafter Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although he refu ed to eat the  ame food, in i ting, in tead, on lump  of raw meat, root , and variou  fungi. Harry felt re pon ible: It wa , after all, he who had in i ted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage  o that he could que tion him; hi  fault that the whole Wea ley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Wea ley could no longer work. “I'm  orry,” he told Fleur, one blu tery April evening a  he helped her prepare dinner. “I never meant you to have to deal with all of thi .” She had ju t  et  ome knive  to work, chipping up  teak  for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred hi  meat bloody ever  ince he had been attacked by Greyback. While the knive   liced behind her, her  omewhat irritable expre ion  oftened. “'Arry, you  aved my  i ter'  life, I do not forget.” Thi  wa  not,  trictly  peaking, true, but Harry decided again t reminding her that Gabrielle had never been in real danger. “Anyway,” Fleur went on, pointing her want at a pot of  auce on the  tove, which began to bubble at once, “Mr. Ollivander leave  for Muriel'  zi  evening. Zat will make zing  ea ier. Ze goblin,”  he  cowled a little at the mention of him, “can move down tair , and you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room.” “We don't mind  leeping in the living room,”  aid Harry, who knew that Griphook would thing poorly of having to  leep on the  ofa; keeping Griphook happy wa  e ential to their plan . “Don't worry about u .” And when  he tried to prote t he went on, “We'll be off your hand   oon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We won't need to be here much longer.” “But, what do you mean?”  he  aid, frowning at him, her wand pointing at the ca erole di h now  u pended in midair. “Of cour e you mu t not leave, you are  afe 'ere!” She looked rather like Mr . Wea ley a   he  aid it, and he wa  glad that the back door opened at that moment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp from the rain out ide and their arm  full of driftwood. “... and tiny little ear ,” Luna wa   aying, “a bit like hippo' , Daddy  ay , only purple and hairy. And if you want to call them, you have to hum; they prefer a waltz, nothing too fa t....” Looking uncomfortable, Dean  hrugged at Harry a  he pa ed, following Luna into the combined dining and  itting room where Ron and Hermione were laying the dinner table. Seizing the chance to e cape Fleur'  que tion , Harry grabbed two jug  of pumpkin juice and followed them. “... and if you ever come to our hou e I'll be able to  how you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I haven't  een it yet, becau e the Death Eater  took me from the Hogwart  Expre  and I never got home for Chri tma ,” Luna wa   aying, a   he and Dean relit the fire. “Luna, we told you,” Hermione called over to her. “That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack --” “No, it wa  definitely a Snorkack horn,”  aid Luna  erenely, “Daddy told me. It will probably have re-formed by now, they mend them elve , you know.” Hermione  hook her head and continued laying down fork  a  Bill appeared, leading Mr. Ollivander down the  tair . The wandmaker  till looked exceptionally frail, and he clung to Bill'  arm a  the latter  upported him, carrying a large  uitca e. “I'm going to mi  you, Mr. Ollivander,”  aid Luna, approaching the old man. “And I you, my dear,”  aid Ollivander, patting her on the  houlder. “You were an inexpre ible comfort to me in that terrible place.” “So, au revoir, Mr. Ollivander,”  aid Fleur, ki ing him on both cheek . “And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill'  Auntie Murie!? I never returned 'er tiara.” “It will be an honor,”  aid Ollivander with a little bow, “the very lea t I can do in return for your generou  ho pitality.” Fleur drew out a worn velvet ca e, which  he opened to  how the wandmaker. The tiara  at glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp. “Moon tone  and diamond ,”  aid Griphook, who had  idled into the room without Harry noticing. “Made by goblin , I think?” “And paid for by wizard ,”  aid Bill quietly, and the goblin  hot him a look that wa  both furtive and challenging. A  trong wind gu ted again t the cottage window  a  Bill and Ollivander  et off into the night. The re t of them  queezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, they  tarted to eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate be ide them. Fleur, Harry noticed, wa  merely playing with her food;  he glanced at the window every few minute ; however, Bill returned before they had fini hed their fir t cour e, hi  long hair tangled by the wind. “Everything'  fine,” he told Fleur. “Ollivander  ettled in, Mum and Dad  ay hello. Ginny  end  you all her love, Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, they're  till operating an Owl-Order bu ine  out of her back room. It cheered her up to have her tiara back, though. She  aid  he thought we'd  tolen it.” “Ah,  he eez charmant, your aunt,”  aid Fleur cro ly, waving her wand and cau ing the dirty plate  to ri e and form a  tack in midair. She caught them and marched out of the room. “Daddy'  made a tiara,” piped up Luna, “Well, more of a crown, really.” Ron caught Harry'  eye and grinned; Harry knew that he wa  remembering the ludicrou  headdre  they had  een on their vi it to Xenophiliu . “Ye , he'  trying to re-create the lo t diadem of Ravenclaw. He think  he'  identified mo t of the main element  now. Adding the billywig wing  really made a difference --” There wa  a bang on the front door. Everyone'  head turned toward it. Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to hi  feed, hi  wand pointing at the door; Harry, Ron, and Hermione did the  ame. Silently Griphook  lipped beneath the table, out of  ight. “Who i  it?” Bill called. “It i  I, Remu  John Lupin!” called a voice over the howling wind. Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? “I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonk , and you, the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the addre  and bade me come in an emergency!” “Lupin,” muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched it open. Lupin fell over the thre hold. He wa  white-faced, wrapped in a traveling cloak, hi  graying hair wind wept. He  traightened up, looked around the room, making  ure of who wa  there, then cried aloud, “It'  a boy! We've named him Ted, after Dora'  father!” Hermione  hrieked. “Wha --? Tonk  -- Tonk  ha  had the baby?” “Ye , ye ,  he'  had the baby!”  houted Lupin. All around the table came crie  of delight,  igh  of relief: Hermione and Fleur both  quealed, “Congratulation !” and Ron  aid, “Blimey, a baby!” a  if he had never heard of  uch a thing before. “Ye  -- ye  -- a boy,”  aid Lupin again, who  eemed dazed by hi  own happine . He  trode around the table and hugged Harry; the  cene in the ba ement of Grimmauld Place might never have happened. “You'll be godfather?” he  aid a  he relea ed Harry. “M-me?”  tammered Harry. “You, ye , of cour e -- Dora quite agree , no one better --” “I -- yeah -- blimey --” Harry felt overwhelmed, a toni hed, delighted; now Bill wa  hurrying to fetch wine, and Fleur wa  per uading Lupin to join them for a drink. “I can't  tay long, I mu t get back,”  aid Lupin, beaming around at them all: He looked year  younger than Harry had ever  een him. “Thank you, thank you, Bill” Bill had  oon filled all of their goblet , they  tood and rai ed them high in a toa t. “To Teddy Remu  Lupin,”  aid Lupin, “a great wizard in the making!” “'Oo doe  'e look like?” Fleur inquired. “I think he look  like Dora, but  he think  he i  like me. Not much hair. It looked black when he wa  born, but I  wear it'  turned ginger in the hour  ince. Probably blond by the time I get back. Andromeda  ay  Tonk '  hair  tarted changing color the day that  he wa  born.” He drained hi  goblet. “Oh, go on then, ju t one more,” he added, beaming, a  Bill made to fill it again. The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt and crackled, and Bill wa   oon opening another bottle of wine. Lupin'  new   eemed to have taken them out of them elve , removed them for a while from their  tate of  iege: Tiding  of new life were exhilarating. Only the goblin  eemed untouched by the  uddenly fe tive atmo phere, and after a while he  lunk back to the bedroom he now occupied alone. Harry thought he wa  the only one who had noticed thi , until he  aw Bill'  eye  following the goblin up the  tair . “No... no... I really mu t get back,”  aid Lupin at la t, declining yet another goblet of wine. He got to hi  feet and pulled hi  traveling cloak back around him elf. “Good-bye, good-bye -- I'll try and bring  ome picture  in a few day'  time -- they'll all be  o glad to know that I've  een you --” He fa tened hi  cloak and made hi  farewell , hugging the women and gra ping hand  with the men, then,  till beaming, returned into the wild night. “Godfather, Harry!”  aid Bill a  they walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the table. “A real honor! Congratulation !” A  Harry  et down the empty goblet  he wa  carrying, Bill pulled the door behind him clo ed,  hutting out the  till-voluble voice  of the other , who were continuing to celebrate even in Lupin'  ab ence. “I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It ha n't been ea y to get an opportunity with the cottage thi  full of people.” Bill he itated. “Harry, you're planning  omething with Griphook.” It wa  a  tatement, not a que tion, and Harry did not bother to deny it. He merely looked at Bill, waiting. “I know goblin ,”  aid Bill. “I've worked for Gringott  ever  ince I left Hogwart . A  far a  there can be friend hip between wizard  and goblin , I have goblin friend  -- or, at lea t, goblin  I know well, and like.” Again, Bill he itated. “Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promi ed him in return?” “I can't tell you that,”  aid Harry. “Sorry, Bill.” The kitchen door opened behind them; Fleur wa  trying to bring through more empty goblet . “Wait,” Bill told her, “Ju t a moment.” She backed out and he clo ed the door again. “Then I have to  ay thi ,” Bill went on. “If you have  truck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and mo t particularly if that bargain involve  trea ure, you mu t be exceptionally careful. Goblin notion  of owner hip, payment, and repayment are not the  ame a  human one .” Harry felt a  light  quirm of di comfort, a  though a  mall  nake had  tirred in ide him. “What do you mean?” he a ked. “We are talking about a different breed of being,”  aid Bill. “Dealing  between wizard  and goblin  have been fraught for centurie  -- but you'll know all that from Hi tory of Magic. There ha  been fault on both  ide , I would never claim that wizard  have been innocent. However, there i  a belief among  ome goblin , and tho e at Gringott  are perhap  mo t prone to it, that wizard  cannot be tru ted in matter  of gold and trea ure, that they have no re pect for goblin owner hip.” “I re pect --” Harry began, but Bill  hook hi  head. “You don't under tand, Harry, nobody could under tand unle  they have lived with goblin . To a goblin, the rightful and true ma ter of any object i  the maker, not the purcha er. All goblin made object  are, in goblin eye , rightfully their .” “But it wa  bought --” “-- then they would con ider it rented by the one who had paid the money. They have, however, great difficulty with the idea of goblin-made object  pa ing from wizard to wizard. You  aw Griphook'  face when the tiara pa ed under hi  eye . He di approve . I believe he think , a  do the fierce t of hi  kind, that it ought to have been returned to the goblin  once the original purcha er died. They con ider our habit of keeping goblin-made object , pa ing them from wizard to wizard without further payment, little more than theft.” Harry had an ominou  feeling now; he wondered whether Bill gue ed more than he wa  letting on. “All I am  aying,”  aid Bill,  etting hi  hand on the door back into the  itting room, “i  to be very careful what you promi e goblin , Harry. It would be le  dangerou  to break into Gringott  than to renege on a promi e to a goblin.” “Right,”  aid Harry a  Bill opened the door, “yeah. Thank . I'll bear that in mind.” A  he followed Bill back to the other  a wry thought came to him, born no doubt of the wine he had drunk. He  eemed  et on ______ to become ju t a  reckle  a godfather to Teddy Lupin a  Siriu  Black had been to him. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX GRINGOTTS Their plan  were made, their preparation  complete; in the  malle t bedroom a  ingle long, coar e black hair (plucked from the  weater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a  mall gla  phial on the mantelpiece. “And you'll be u ing her actual wand,”  aid Harry, nodding toward the walnut wand, “ o I reckon you'll be pretty convincing.” Hermione looked frightened that the wand might  ting or bit her a   he picked it up. “I hate that thing,”  he  aid in a low voice. “I really hate it. It feel  all wrong, it doe n't work properly for me . . . It'  like a bit of her.” Harry could not help but remember how Hermione ha  di mi ed hi  loathing of the blackthorn wand, in i ting that he wa  imagining thing  when it did not work a  well a  hi  own, telling him to  imply practice. He cho e not to repeat her own advice back to her, however, the eve of their attempted a ault on Gringott  felt like the wrong moment to antagonize her. “It'll probably help you get in character, though,”  aid Ron. “think what that wand'  done!” “But that'  my point!”  aid Hermione. “Thi  i  the wand that tortured Neville'  mum and dad, and who know  how many other people? Thi  i  the wand that killed Siriu !” Harry had not thought of that: He looked down at the wand and wa  vi ited by a brutal urge to  nap it, to  lice it in half with Gryffindor'   word, which wa  propped again t the wall be ide him. “I mi  my wand,” Hermione  aid mi erably. “I wi h Mr. Ollivander could have made me another one too.” Mr. Ollivander had  ent Luna a new wand that morning. She wa  out on the back lawn at that moment, te ting it  capabilitie  in the late afternoon  un. Dean, who had lo t hi  wand to the Snatcher , wa  watching rather gloomily. Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had once belonged to Draco Malfoy. He had been  urpri ed, but plea ed to di cover that it worked for him at lea t a  well a  Hermione'  had done. Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the  ecret working  of wand , Harry thought he knew what Hermione'  problem wa : She had not won the walnut wand'  allegiance by taking it per onally from Bellatrix. The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached in tinctively for the hilt of the  word and drew it clo e to him, but regretted hi  action at once. He could tell that the goblin had noticed. Seeking to glo  over the  ticky moment, he  aid, “We've ju t been checking the la t-minute  tuff, Griphook. We've told Bill and Fleur we're leaving tomorrow, and we've told them not to get up to  ee u  off.” They had been firm on thi  point, becau e Hermione would need to tran form in Bellatrix before they left, and the le  that Bill and Fleur knew or  u pected about what they were about to do, the better. They had al o explained that they would not be returning. A  they had lo t Perkin'  old tent on the night that the Snatcher'  caught them, Bill had lent them another one. It wa  now packed in ide the beaded bag, which, Harry wa  impre ed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatcher  by the  imple expedient of  tuffing it down her  ock. Though he would mi  Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to mention the home comfort  they had enjoyed over the la t few week , Harry wa  looking forward to e caping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He wa  tired of trying to make  ure that they were not overheard, tired of being  hut in the tiny, dark bedroom. Mo t of all, he longed to be rid of Griphook. However, preci ely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor'   word remained a que tion to which Harry had no an wer. It had been impo ible to decide how they were going to do it, becau e the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more than five minute  at a time: “He could give my mother le on ,” growled Ron, a  the goblin'  long finger  kept appearing around the edge  of door . With Bill'  warning in mind, Harry could not help  u pecting that Griphook wa  on the watch for po ible  kullduggery. Hermione di approved  o heartily of the planned double-cro  that Harry had given up attempting to pick her brain  on how be t to do it: Ron, on the rare occa ion  that they had been able to  natch a few Griphook-free moment , had come up with nothing better than “We'll ju t have to wing it, mate.” Harry  lept badly that night. Lying away in the early hour , he thought back to the way he had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Mini try of Magic and remembered a determination, almo t an excitement. Now he wa  experiencing jolt  of anxiety nagging doubt : He could not  hake off the fear that it wa  all going to go wrong. He kept telling him elf that their plan wa  good, that Griphook knew what they were facing, that they were well-prepared for all the difficultie  they were likely to encounter, yet  till he felt unea y. Once or twice he heard Ron  tir and wa   ure that he too wa  awake, but they were  haring the  itting room with Dean,  o Harry did not  peak. It wa  a relief when  ix o-clock arrived and they could  lip out of their  leeping bag , dre  in the  emidarkne , then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn wa  chilly, but there wa  little wind now that it wa  May. Harry looked up at the  tar   till glimmering palely in the dark  ky and li tened to the  ea wa hing backward and forward again t the cliff: He wa  going to mi  the  ound. Small green  hoot  were forcing their way up through the red earth of Dobby'  grave now, in a year'  time the mound would be covered in flower . The white  tone that bore the elf'  name had already acquired a weathered look. He realized now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to re t in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with  adne  to think of leaving him behind. Looking down on the grave, he wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to re cue them. Hi  finger  moved ab entmindedly to the little pouch  till  trung around hi  neck, thorough which he could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which he had been  ure he had  een Dumbledore'  eye. Then the  ound of a door opening made him look around. Bellatrix Le trange wa   triding acro  the lawn toward them, accompanied by Griphook. A   he walked,  he wa  tucking the  mall, beaded bag into the in ide pocket of another  et of the old robe  they had taken from Grimmauld Place . Though Harry knew perfectly well that it wa  really Hermione, he could not  uppre  a  hiver of loathing. She wa  taller than he wa , her long black hair rippling down her back, her heavily lidded eye  di dainful a  they re ted upon him; but then  he  poke, and he heard Hermione through Bellatrix'  low voice. “She ta ted di gu ting, wor e than Gurdyroot ! Okay, Ron, come here  o I can do you . . .” “right, but remember, I don't like the beard too long” “Oh, for heaven'   ake, thi  i n't about looking hand ome” “It'  not that, it get  in the way! But I liked my no e a bit  horter, try and do it the way you did la t time.” Hermione  ighed and  et to work, muttering under her breath a   he tran formed variou  a pect  of Ron'  appearance. He wa  to be given a completely fake identity, and they were tru ting to the malevolent aura ca t by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invi ibility Cloak. “There,”  aid Hermione, “how doe  he look, Harry?” It wa  ju t not po ible to di cern Ron under hi  di gui e, but only, Harry thought becau e he knew him  o well. Ron'  hair wa  now long and wavy; he had a thick brown beard and mu tache, no freckle , a  hort, broad no e, and heavy eyebrow . “Well, he'  not my type, but he'll do,”  aid Harry. “Shall we go, then?” All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and  ilent under the fading  tar , then turned and began to walk toward the point, ju t beyond the boundary wall, where the Fideliu  Chard  topped working and they would be able to Di apparate. Once pa t the gate, Griphook  poke. “I  hould climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?” Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto hi  back, hi  hand  linked on front of Harry'  throat. He wa  not heavy, but Harry di liked the feeling of the goblin and the  urpri ing  trength with which he clung on. Hermione pulled the Invi ibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw it over them both. “Perfect,”  he  aid, bending down to check Harry'  feet. “I can't  ee a thing. Let'  go.” Harry turned on the  pot, with Griphook on hi   houlder , concentrating with all hi  might on the Leaky Cauldron, the inn that wa  the entrance to Diagon Alley. The goblin clung even tighter a  they moved into the compre ing darkne , and  econd  later Harry'  feet found pavement and he opened hi  eye  on Charing Cro  Road . Muggle  bu tled pa t wearing the hangdog expre ion  of early morning, quite uncon ciou  of the little inn'  exi tence. The bar of the Leaky Cauldron wa  nearly de erted. Ton, the  tooped and toothle  landlord, wa  poli hing gla e  behind the bar counter; a couple of warlock  having a muttered conver ation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the  hadow . “Madam Le trange,” murmured Tom, and a  Hermione pau ed he inclined hi  head  ub erviently. “Good morning,”  aid Hermione, and a  Harry crept pa t,  till carrying Griphook piggyback under the Cloak, he  aw Tom look  urpri ed. “Too polite,” Harry whi pered in Hermione'  ear a  they pa ed out of the Inn into the tiny backyard. “You need to treat people like they're  cum!” “Okay, okay!” Hermione drew out Bellatrix'  wand and rapped a brick in the nonde cript wall in front of them. At once the brick  began to whirl and  pin: A hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled  treet that wa  Diagon Alley. It wa  quiet, barely time for the  hop  to open, and there were hardly and  hopper  abroad. The crooked, cobbled  treet wa  much altered now from the bu tling place Harry had vi ited before hi  fir t team at Hogwart   o many year  before. More  hop  than ever were boarded up, though  everal new e tabli hment  dedicated to the Dark Art  had been created  ince hi  la t vi it. Harry'  own face glared down at him from po ter  pla tered over many window , alway  captioned with the word  UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE. A number of ragged people  at huddled in doorway . He heard them moaning to the few pa er by, pleading for gold, in i ting that they were really wizard . One man had a bloody bandage over hi  eye. A  they  et off along the  treet, the beggar  glimp ed Hermione. they  eemed to melt away before her, drawing hood  over their face  and fleeing a  fa t a  they could. Hermione looked after them curiou ly, until the man with the bloodied bandage came  taggering right acro  her path. “My children,” he bellowed, pointing at her. Hi  voice wa  cracked, high-pitched, he  ounded di traught. “Where are my children? What ha  he done with them? You know, you know!” “I--I really--”  tammered Hermione. The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat. Then, with a bang and a bur t of red light he wa  thrown backward onto the ground, uncon ciou . Ron  tood there, hi  wand  till out tretched and a look of  hock vi ible behind hi  beard. Face  appeared at the window  on either  ide of the  treet, while a little knot of pro perou -looking pa erby gathered their robe  about them and broke into gentle trot , keen to vacate the  cene. their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more con picuou ; for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave now and try to think of a different plan. Before they could move or con ult one another, however, they heard a cry from behind them. “Why, Madam Le trange!” Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened hi  hold around Harry'  neck: A tall, think wizard with a crown of bu hy gray hair and a long,  harp no e wa   triding toward them. “It'  Traver ,” hi ed the goblin into Harry'  ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Traver  wa . Hermione had drawn her elf up to full height and  aid with a  much contempt a   he could mu ter: “And what do you want?” Traver   topped in hi  track , clearly affronted. “He'  another Death Eater!” breathed Griphook, and Harry  idled  ideway  to repeat the information into Hermione'  ear. “I merely  ought to greet you,”  aid Traver  coolly, “but if my pre ence i  not welcome . . .” Harry recognized hi  voice now: Traver  wa  one of the Death Eater  who had been  ummoned to Xenophiliu ’  hou e. “No, no, not at all, Traver ,”  aid Hermione quickly, trying to cover up her mi take. “How are you?” “Well, I confe  I am  urpri ed to  ee you out and about, Bellatrix.” “Really? Why?” a ked Hermione. “Well,” Traver  coughed, “I heard that the Inhabitant  of Malfoy Manor were confined to the hou e, after the . . . ah . . . e cape.” Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If thi  wa  true, and Bellatrix wa  not  uppo ed to be out in public-- “The Dark Lord forgive  tho e who have  erved him mo t faithfully in the pa t,”  aid Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix'  mo t contemptuou  manner. “Perhap  your credit i  not a  good with him a  mine i , Traver .” Though the Death Eater looked offended, he al o  eemed le   u piciou . He glanced down at the man Ron had ju t Stunned. “How did it offend you?” “It doe  not matter, it will not do  o again,”  aid Hermione coolly. “Some of the e wandle  can be trouble ome,”  aid Traver . “While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually a ked me to plead her ca e in the Mini try la t week. 'I'm a witch,  ir, I'm a witch, let me prove it to you!” he  aid in a  queaky imper onation. “A  if I wa  going to give her my wand--but who e wand,”  aid Traver  curiou ly, “are you u ing at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own wa --” “I have my wand here,”  aid Hermione coldly, holding up Bellatrix'  wand. “I don't know what rumor  you have been li tening to, Traver , but you  eem  adly mi informed.” Traver   eemed a little taken aback at that, and he turned in tead to Ron. “Who i  your friend? I do not recognize him.” “Thi  i  Dragomir De pard,”  aid Hermione; they had decided that a fictional foreigner wa  the  afe t cover for Ron to a ume. “He  peak  very little Engli h, but he i  in  ympathy with the Dark Lord'  aim . He ha  traveled here from Tran ylvania to  ee our new regime.” “Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?” “'Ow you?”  aid Ron, holding out hi  hand. Traver  extended two finger  and  hook Ron'  hand a  though frightened of dirtying him elf. So what bring  you and your--ah-- ympathetic friend to Diagon Alley thi  early?" a ked Traver . “I need to vi it Gringott ,”  aid Hermione. “Ala , I al o,”  aid Traver . “Gold, filthy gold! We cannot live without it, yet I confe  I deplore the nece ity of con orting with our long-fingered friend .” Harry felt Griphook'  cla ped hand  tighten momentarily around hi  neck. “Shall we?”  aid Traver , ge turing Hermione forward. Hermione had no choice but to fall into  tep be ide him and head along the crooked, cobbled  treet toward the place where the  nowy-white Gringott   tood towering over the other little  hop . Ron  loped along be ide them, and Harry and Griphook followed. A watchful Death Eater wa  the very la t thing they needed, and the wor t of it wa , with Traver  matching at what he believed to be Bellatrix'   ide, there wa  no mean  for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. All too  oon they arrived at the foot of the marble  tep  leading up to the great bronze door . A  Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblin  who u ually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizard , both of whom were clutching long thin golden rod . “Ah, Probity Probe ,”  igned Traver  theatrically, “ o crude--but  o effective!” And he  et off up the  tep , nodding left and right to the wizard , who rai ed the golden rod  and pa ed them up and down hi  body. The Probe , Harry knew, detected  pell  of concealment and hidden magical object . Knowing that he had only  econd , Harry pointed Draco'  wand at each of the guard  in turn and murmured, “Confundo” twice. Unnoticed by Traver , who wa  looking through the bronze door  at the inner hall, each of the guard  gave a little  tart a  the  pell  hit them. Hermione'  long black hair rippled behind her a   he climbed the  tep . “One moment, madam,”  aid the guard, rai ing hi  Probe. “But you've ju t done that!”  aid Hermione in Bellatrix'  commanding, arrogant voice. Traver  looked around, eyebrow  rai ed. The guard wa  confu ed. He  tared down at the thin golden Probe and then at hi  companion, who  aid in a  lightly dazed voice, “Yeah, you've ju t checked them, Mariu .” Hermione  wept forward. Ron by her  ide, Harry and Griphook trotting invi ibly behind them. Harry glanced back a  they cro ed the thre hold. The wizard  were both  cratching their head . Two goblin   tood before the inner door , which were made of  ilver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieve . Harry looked up at it, and all of a  udden a knife- harp memory came to him:  tanding on thi  very  pot on the day that he had turned eleven, the mo t wonderful birthday of hi  life, and Hagrid  tanding be ide him  aying, “Like I  aid, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it.” Gringott  had  eemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repo itory of a trove of gold he had never known he po e ed, and never for an in tant could he have dreamed that he would return to  teal . . . But within  econd  they were  tanding in the va t marble hall of the bank. The long counter wa  manned by goblin   itting on high  tool   erving the fir t cu tomer  of the day. Hermione, Ron, and Traver  headed toward an old goblin who wa  examining a thick gold coin through an eyegla . Hermione allowed Traver  to  tep ahead of her on the pretext of explaining feature  of the hall to Ron. The goblin to ed the coin he wa  holding a ide,  aid to nobody in particular, “Leprechaun,” and then greeted Traver , who pa ed over a tiny golden key, which wa  examined and given back to him. Hermione  tepped forward. “Madam Le trange!”  aid the goblin, evidently  tartled. “Dear me!” How--how may I help you today?" “I wi h to enter my vault,”  aid Hermione. The old goblin  eemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced around. Not only wa  Traver  hanging back, watching, but  everal other goblin  had looked up from their work to  tare at Hermione. “You have . . . identification?” a ked the goblin. “Identification? I--I have never been a ked for identification before!”  aid Hermione. “They know!” whi pered Griphook in Harry'  ear, “They mu t have been warned there might be an impo ter!” “Your wand will do, madam,”  aid the goblin. He held out a  lightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful bla t of realization Harry knew that the goblin  of Gringott  were aware that Bellatrix'  wand had been  tolen. “Act now, act now,” whi pered Griphook in Harry'  ear, “the Imperiou  Cur e!” Harry rai ed the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin, and whi pered, for the fir t time in hi  life, “Imperio!” A curiou   en ation  hot down Harry'  arm, a feeling of tingling, warmth that  eemed to flow from hi  mind, down the  inew  and vein  connecting him to the wand and the cur e it had ju t ca t. The goblin took Bellatrix'  wand, examined it clo ely, and then  aid, “Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam Le trange!” “What?”  aid Hermione, “No, no, that'  mine--” “A new wand?”  aid Traver , approaching the counter again;  till the goblin  all around were watching. “But how could you have done, which wandmaker did you u e?” Harry acted without thinking. Pointing hi  wand at Traver , he muttered, “Imperio!” once more. “Oh ye , I  ee,”  aid Traver , looking down at Bellatrix'  wand, “ye , very hand ome. and i  it working well? I alway  think wand  require a little breaking in, don't you?” Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harry'  enormou  relief  he accepted the bizarre turn of event  without comment. The old goblin behind the counter clapped hi  hand  and a younger goblin approached. “I  hall need the Clanker ,” he told the goblin, who da hed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that  eemed to be full of jangling metal, which he handed to hi   enior. “Good, good! S, if you will follow me, Madam Le trange,”  aid the old goblin, hopping down off hi   tool and vani hing from  ight. “I  hall take you to your vault.” He appeared around the end of the counter, jogging happily toward them, the content  of the leather bag  till jingling. Traver  wa  now  tanding quite  till with hi  mouth hanging wide open. Ron wa  drawing attention to thi  odd phenomenon by regarding Traver  with confu ion. “Wait – Bogrod!” Another goblin came  currying around the counter. “We have in truction ,” he  aid with a bow to Hermione. “Forgive me, Madam, but there have been  pecial order  regarding the vault of Le trange.” He whi pered urgently in Bogrod’  ear, but the Imperiu ed goblin  hook him off. “I am aware of the in truction , Madam Le trange wi he  to vi it her vault … Very old family … old client  … Thi  way, plea e … “ And,  till clanking, he hurried toward one of the many door  leading off the hall. Harry looked back at Traver  , who wa   till rooted to the  pot looking abnormally vacant, and made hi  deci ion. With a flick of hi  wand he made Traver  come with them, walking meekly in their wake a  they reached the door and pa ed into the rough  tone pa ageway beyond, which wa  lit with flaming torche . “We’re in trouble; they  u pect,”  aid Harry a  the door  lammed behind them and he pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from hi   houlder : neither Traver  nor Bogrod  howed the  lighte t  urpri e at the  udden appearance of Harry Potter in their mid t. “They’re Imperiu ed,” he added, in re pon e to Hermione and Ron’  confu ed querie  about Traver  and Bogrod, who were both now  tanding there looking blank. “I don’t think I did it  trongly enough, I don’t know …” And another memory darted through hi  mind, of the real Bellatrix Le trange  hrieking at him when he had fir t tried to u e an Unforgivable Cur e: “You need to mean them, Potter!” “What do we do?” a ked Ron. “Shall we get out now, while we can?” “If we can,”  aid Hermione, looking back toward the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what wa  happening. “We’ve got thi  far, I  ay we go on,”  aid Harry. “Good!”  aid Griphook. “So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no long have the authority. But there will not be room for the wizard.” Harry pointed hi  wand at Traver . “Imperio!” The wizard turned and  et off along the dark track at a  mart pace. “What are you making him do?” “Hide,”  aid Harry a  he pointed hi  wand at Bogrod, who whi tled to  ummon a little cart that came trundling along the track  toward them out of the darkne . Harry wa   ure he could hear  houting behind them in the main hall a  they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front of Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back. With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering  peed: They hurried pa t Traver , who wa  wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twi ting and turning through the labyrinthine pa age ,  loping downward all the time. Harry could not hear anything over the rattling of the cart on the track : Hi  hair flew behind him a  they  werved between  talactite , flying ever deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. They might a  well have left enormou  footprint  behind them; the more he thought about it, the more fooli h it  eemed to have di gui ed Hermione a  Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrix’  wand, when the Death Eater  knew who had  tolen it – There were a deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Gringott ; they took a hairpin bend at  peed and  aw ahead of them, with  econd  to  pare, a waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard Griphook  hout, “No!” but there wa  no braking. They zoomed through it. Water filled Harry’  eye  and mouth: He could not  ee or breathe: Then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all thrown out of it. Harry heard the cart  ma h into piece  again t the pa age wall, heard Hermione  hriek  omething, and felt him elf glide back toward the ground a  though weightle , landing painle ly on the rocky pa age floor. “C-Cu hioning Charm,” Hermione  pluttered, a  Ron pulled her to her feet, but to Harry’  horror he  aw that  he wa  no longer Bellatrix; in tead  he  tood there in overlarge robe ,  opping wet and completely her elf; Ron wa  red-haired and beardle  again. They were realizing it a  they looked at each other, feeling their own face . “The Thief’  Downfall!”  aid Griphook, clambering to hi  feet and looking back the deluge onto the track , which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. “It wa he  away all enchantment, all magical concealment! They know there are impo er  in Gringott , they have  et off defen e  again t u !” Harry  aw Hermione checking that  he  till had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thru t hi  own hand under hi  jacket to make  ure he had not lo t the Invi ibility Cloak. Then he turned to  ee Bogrod  haking hi  head in bewilderment: The Thief’  Downfall  eemed to have lifted hi  Imperiu  Cur e. “We need him,”  aid Griphook, “we cannot enter the vault without a Gringott’  goblin. And we need the clanker !” “Imperio!” Harry  aid again; hi  voice echoed through the  tone pa age a  he felt again the  en e of heady control that flowed from brain to wand. Bogrod  ubmitted once more to hi  will, hi  befuddled expre ion changing to one of polite indifference, a  Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tool . “Harry, I think I can hear people coming!”  aid Hermione, and  he pointed Bellatrix’  wand at the waterfall and cried, “Protego!” They  aw the Shield Charm break the flow of enchanted water a  it flew up the pa ageway. “Good thinking,”  aid Harry. “Lead the way, Griphook!” “How are we going to get out again?” Ron a ked a  they hurried on foot into the darkne  after the goblin, Bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog. “Let’  worry about that when we have to,”  aid Harry. He wa  trying to li ten: He thought he could hear  omething clanking and moving around nearby. “Griphook, how much farther?” “Not far, Harry Potter, not far … “ And they turned a corner and  aw the thing for which Harry had been prepared, but which  till brought all of them to a halt. A gigantic dragon wa  tethered to the ground in front of them, barring acce  to four or five of the deepe t vault  in the place. The bea t’   cale  had turned pale and flaky during it  long incarceration under the ground, it  eye  were milkily pink; both rear leg  bore heavy cuff  from which chain  led to enormou  peg  driven deep into the rocky floor. It  great  piked wing , folded clo e to it  body, would have filled the chamber if it  pread them, and when it turned it  ugly head toward them, it roared with a noi e that made the rock tremble, opened it  mouth, and  pat a jet of fire that  ent them running back up the pa ageway. “It i  partially blind,” panted Griphook, “but even more  avage for that. However, we have the mean  to control it. It ha  learned what to expect when the Clanker  come. Give them to me.” Ron pa ed the bag to Griphook, and the goblin pulled out a number of  mall metal in trument  that when  haken made a long ringing noi e like miniature hammer  on anvil . Griphook handed them out: Bogrod accepted hi  meekly. “You know what to do,” Griphook told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “It will expect pain when it hear  the noi e. It will retreat, and Bogrod mu t place hi  palm upon the door of the vault.” They advanced around the corner again,  haking the Clanker , and the noi e echoed off the rocky wall , gro ly magnified,  o that the in ide of Harry’   kull  eemed to vibrate with the den. The dragon let out another hoar e roar, then retreated. Harry could  ee it trembling, and a  they drew nearer he  aw the  car  made by viciou   la he  acro  it  face, and gue  that it had been taught to fear hot  word  when it heard the  ound of the Clanker . “Make him pre  hi  hand to the door!” Griphook urged Harry, who turned hi  wand again upon Bogrod. The old goblin obeyed, pre ing hi  palm to the wood, and the door of the vault melted away to reveal a cavelike opening crammed from floor to ceiling with golden coin  and goblet ,  ilver armor, the  kin  of  trange creature  –  ome with long  pine , other with drooping wing  – potion  in jeweled fla k , and a  kull  till wearing a crown. “Search, fa t!”  aid Harry a  they all hurried in ide the vault. He had de cribed Hufflepuff’  cap to Ron and Hermione, but if it wa  the other, unknown Horcrux that re ided in thi  vault, he did not know what it looked like. He barely had time to glance around, however, before there wa  a muffled clunk from behind them: The door had reappeared,  ealing them in ide the vault, and they were plunged into total darkne . “No matter, Bogrod will be able to relea e u !”  aid Griphook a  Ron gave a  hout of  urpri e. “Light your wand , can’t you? And hurry, we have little time!” “Lumo !” Harry  hone hi  lit wand around the vault: It  beam fell upon glittering jewel ; he  aw the fake  word of Gryffindor lying on a high  helf among t a jumble of chain . Ron and Hermione had lit their wand  too, and were now examining the pile  of object   urrounding them. “Harry, could thi  be -- ? Aargh!” Hermione  creamed in pain, and Harry turned hi  wand on her in time to  ee a jeweled goblet tumbling from her grip. But a  it fell, it  plit, became a  hower of goblet ,  o that a  econd later, with a great clatter, the floor wa  covered in identical cup  rolling in every direction, the original impo ible to di cern among t them. “It burned me!” moaned Hermione,  ucking her bli tered finger . “They have added Germino and Flagrante Cur e !”  aid Griphook. “Everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copie  are worthle  – and if you continue to handle the trea ure, you will eventually be cru hed to death by the weight of expanding gold!” “Okay, don’t touch anything!”  aid Harry de perately, but even a  he  aid it, Ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblet  with hi  foot, and twenty more exploded into being while Ron hopped on the  pot, part of hi   hoe burned away by contact with the hot metal. “Stand  till, don’t move!”  aid Hermione, clutching at Ron. “Ju t look around!”  aid Harry. “Remember, the cup’   mall and gold, it’  got a badger engraved on it, two handle  – otherwi e  ee if you can  pot Ravenclaw’   ymbol anywhere, the eagle –” They directed their wand  into every nook and crevice, turning cautiou ly on the  pot. It wa  impo ible not to bru h up again t anything; Harry  ent a great ca cade of fake Galleon  onto the ground where they joined the goblet , and now there wa   carcely room to place their feet, and the glowing gold blazed with heat,  o that the vault felt like a furnace. Harry’  wandlight pa ed over  hield  and goblin-made helmet   et on  helve  ri ing to the ceiling; higher and higher he rai ed the beam, until  uddenly it found an object that made hi  heart  kip and hi  hand tremble. “It’  there, it’  up there!” Ron and Hermione pointed there wand  at it too,  o that the little golden cup  parkled in a three-way  potlight: the cup that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which had pa ed into the po e ion of Hepzibah Smith, from whom it had been  tolen by Tom Riddle. “And how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?” a ked Ron. “Accio Cup!” cried Hermione, who had evidently forgotten in her de peration what Griphook had told them during their planning  e ion . “No u e, no u e!”  narled the goblin. “Then what do we do?”  aid Harry, glaring at the goblin. “If you want the  word, Griphook, then you’ll have to help u  more than – wait! Can I touch  tuff with the  word? Hermione, give it here!” Hermione fumbled in ider her robe , drew out a beaded bag, rummaged for a few  econd , then removed the  hining  word. Harry  eized it by it  rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a  ilver flagon nearby, which did not multiply. “If I can ju t poke the  word through a handle – but how am I going to get up there?” The  helf on which the cup repo ed wa  out of reach for any of them, even Ron, who wa  talle t. The heat from the enchanted trea ure ro e in wave , and  weat ran down Harry’  face and back a  he  truggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard the dragon roar on the other  ide of the vault door, and the  ound of clanking growing louder and louder. They were truly trapped now: There wa  no way out except through the door, and a horde of goblin   eemed to be approaching on the other  ide. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and  aw terror in their face . “Hermione,”  aid Harry, a  the clanking grew louder, “I’ve got to get up there, we’ve got to get rid of it –” She rai ed her wand, pointed it at Harry, and whi pered, “Levicorpu .” Hoi ted into the air by hi  ankle, Harry hit a  uit of armor and replica  bur t out of it like white-hot bodie , filling the cramped  pace. With  cream  of pain, Ron, Hermione, and the two goblin  were knocked a ide into other object , which al o began to replicate. Half buried in a ri ing tide of red-hot trea ure, they  truggled and yelled ha  Harry thru t the  word through the handle of Hufflepuff’  cup, hooking it onto the blade. “Imperviu !”  creeched Hermione in an attempt to protect her elf, Ron, and the goblin  from the burning metal. Then the wor t  cream yet made Harry look down: Ron and Hermione were wai t deep in trea ure,  truggling to keep Bogrod from  lipping beneath the ri ing tide, but Griphook had  unk out of  ight; and nothing but the tip  of a few long finger  were left in view. Harry  eized Griphook’  finger  and pulled. The bli tered goblin emerged by degree , howling. “Liberatocorpu !” yelled Harry, and with a cra h he and Griphook landed on the  urface of the  welling trea ure, and the  word flew out of Harry’  hand. “Get it!” Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot metal on hi   kin, a  Griphook clambered onto hi   houlder  again, determined to avoid the  welling ma  of red-hot object . “Where’  the  word? It had the cup on it!” The clanking on the other  ide of the door wa  growing deafening – it wa  too late – “There!” It wa  Griphook who had  een it and Griphook who lunged, and in that in tant Harry knew that the goblin had never expected them to keep their word. One hand holding tightly to a fi tful of Harry’  hair, to make  ure he did not fall into the heaving  ea of burning gold, Griphook  eized the hilt of the  word and  wung it high out of Harry’  reach. The tiny golden cup,  kewered by the handle on the  word’  blade wa  flung into the air. The goblin a tride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although he could feel it  calding hi  fle h he did not relinqui h it, even while countle  Hufflepuff cup  bur t from hi  fi t, raining down upon him a  the entrance of the vault opened up again and he found him elf  liding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and  ilver that bore him, Ron, Hermione into the outer chamber. Hardly aware of the pain from the burn  covering hi  body, and  till borne along the  well of replicating trea ure, Harry  hoved the cup into hi  pocket and reached up to retrieve the  word, but Griphook wa  gone. Sliding from Harry’   houlder  the moment he could, he had  printed for cover among t the  urrounding goblin , brandi hing the  word and crying, “Thieve ! Thieve ! Help! Thieve !” He vani hed into the mid t of the advancing crowd, all of whom were holding dagger  and who accepted him without que tion. Slipping on the hot metal, Harry  truggled to hi  feet and knew that the only way out wa  through. “Stupefy!” he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in: Jet  of red light flew into the crowd of goblin , and  ome toppled over, but other  advanced, and Harry  aw  everal wizard guard  running around the corner. The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gu h of flame flew over the goblin ; The wizard  fled, doubled-up, back the way they had come, and in piration, or madne , came to Harry. Pointing hi  wand at the thick cuff  chaining the bea t to the floor, he yelled, “Rela hio!” The cuff  broken open with loud bang . “Thi  way!” Harry yelled, and  till  hooting Stunning Spell  at the advancing goblin , he  printed toward the blind dragon. “Harry – Harry – what are you doing?” cried Hermione. “Get up, climb up, come on –” The dragon had not realized that it wa  free: Harry’  foot found the crook of it  hind leg and he pulled him elf up onto it  back. The  cale  were hard a   teel; it did not even  eem to feel him. He  tretched out an arm; Hermione hoi ted her elf up; Ron climbed on behind them, and a  econd later the dragon became aware that it wa  untethered. With a roar it reared: Harry dug in hi  knee , clutching a  tightly a  he could to the jagged  cale  a  the wing  opened, knocking the  hrieking goblin  a ide like  kittle , and it  oared into the air. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, flat on it  back,  craped again t the ceiling a  it dived toward the pa age opening, while the pur uing goblin  hurled dagger  that glanced off it  flank . “We’ll never get out, it’  too big!” Hermione  creamed, but the dragon opened it  mouth and belched flame again, bla ting the tunnel, who e floor  and ceiling cracked and crumbled. By  heer force, the dragon clawed and fought it  way through. Harry’  eye  were  hut tight again t the heat and du t: Deafened by the cra h of rock and the dragon’  roar , he could only cling to it  back, expecting to be  haken off at any moment; then he heard Hermione yelling, “Defodio!” She wa  helping the dragon enlarge the pa ageway, carving out the ceiling a  it  truggled upward toward the fre her air, away from the  hrieking and clanking goblin : Harry and Ron copied her, bla ting the ceiling apart with more gouging  pell . They pa ed the underground lake, and the great crawling,  narling bea t  eemed to  en e freedom and  pace ahead of it, and behind them the pa age wa  full of the dragon’  thra hing,  piked tail, of great lump  of rock, gigantic fractured  talactite , and the clanking of the goblin   eemed to be growing more muffled, while ahead, the dragon’  fire kept their progre  clear – And then at la t, by the combined force of their  pell  and the dragon’  brute  trength, they had bla ted their way out of the pa age into the marble hallway. Goblin  and wizard   hrieked and ran for cover, and finally the dragon had room to  tretch it  wing : Turning it  horned head toward the cool out ide air it could  mell beyond the entrance, it took off, and with Harry, Ron, and Hermione  till clinging to it  back, it forced it  way through the metal door , leaving them buckled and hanging from their hinge , a  it  taggered into Diagon Alley and launched it elf into the  ky. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN THE FINAL HIDING PLACE There wa  no mean  of  teering; the dragon could not  ee where it wa  going, and Harry knew that if it turned  harply or rolled in midair they would find it impo ible to cling onto it  broad back. Neverthele , a  they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry'  overwhelming feeling wa  of gratitude for an e cape that had  eemed impo ible. Crouching low over the bea t'  neck, he clung tight to the metallic  cale , and the cool breeze wa   oothing on hi  burned and bli tered  kin, the dragon'  wing  beating the air like the  ail  of a windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell. Ron kept  wearing at the top of hi  voice, and Hermione  eemed to be  obbing. After five minute  or  o, Harry lo t  ome of hi  immediate dread that the dragon wa  going to throw them off, for it  eemed intent on nothing but getting a  far away from it  underground pri on a  po ible; but the que tion of how and when they were to di mount remained rather frightening. He had no idea how long dragon  could fly without landing, nor how thi  particular dragon, which could barely  ee, would locate a good place to put down. He glanced around con tantly, imagining that he could feel hi   eat prickling. How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Le trange ' vault? How  oon would the goblin  of Gringott  notify Bellatrix? How quickly would they realize what had been taken? And then, when they di covered that the golden cup wa  mi ing? Voldemort would know, at la t, that they were hunting Horcruxe . The dragon  eemed to crave cooler and fre her air. It climbed  teadily until they were flying through wi p  of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dot  which were car  pouring in and out of the capital. On and on they flew, over country ide parceled out in patche  of green and brown, over road  and river  winding through the land cape like  trip  of matte and glo y ribbon. “What do you reckon it'  looking for?” Ron yelled a  they flew farther and farther north. “No idea,” Harry bellow back. Hi  hand  were numb with cold but he did not date attempt to  hift hi  grip. He had been wondering for  ome time what they would do if they  aw the coa t  ail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open  eal he wa  cold and numb, not to mention de perately hungry and thir ty. When, he wondered, had the bea t it elf la t eaten? Surely it would need  u tenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly edible human   itting on it  back? The  un  lipped lower in the  ky, which wa  turning indigo; and  till the dragon flew, citie  and town  gliding out of  ight beneath them, it  enormou   hadow  liding over the earth like a giant dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon'  back. “I  it my imagination,”  houted Ron after a con iderable  tretch of  ilence, “or are we lo ing height?” Harry looked down and  aw deep green mountain  and lake , coppery in the  un et. the land cape  eemed to grow larger and more detailed a  he  quinted over the  ide of the dragon, and he wondered whether it had divined the pre ence of fre h water by the fla he  of reflected  unlight. Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great  piraling circle , honing in, it  eemed, upon one of the  maller lake . “I  ay we jump when it get  low enough!” Harry called back to the other . “Straight into the water before it realize  we're here!” They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could  ee the dragon'  wide yellow underbelly rippling in the  urface of the water. “NOW!” He  lithered over the  ide of the dragon and plummeted feetfir t toward the  urface of the lake; the drop wa  greater than he had e timated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a  tone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. He kicked toward the  urface and emerged, panting, to  ee enormou  ripple  emanating in circle  from the place  where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not  eem to have noticed anything; it wa  already fifty feet away,  wooping low over the lake to  coop up water in it   carred  nout. A  Ron and Hermione emerged,  pluttering and ga ping, from the depth  of the lake, the dragon flew on, it  wing  beating hard, and landed at la t on a di tant bank. Harry, Ron and Hermione  truck out for the oppo ite  hore. The lake did not  eem to be deep. Soon it wa  more a que tion of fighting their way through reed  and mud than  wimming, and at la t they flopped,  odden, panting, and exhau ted, onto  lippery gra . Hermione collap ed, coughing and  huddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and  lept, he  taggered to hi  feet, drew out hi  wand, and  tarted ca ting the u ual protective  pell  around them. When he had fini hed, he joined the other . It wa  the fir t time that he had  een them properly  ince e caping from the vault. Both had angry red burn  all over their face  and arm , and their clothing wa   inged away in place . They were wincing a  they dabbed e ence of dittany onto their many injurie . Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottle  of pumpkin juice  he had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robe  for all of them. They change  and then gulped down the juice. “Well, on the up ide,”  aid Ron finally, who wa   itting watching the  kin on hi  hand  regrow, “we got the Horcrux. On the down ide-” “-- no  word,”  aid Harry through gritted teeth, a  he dripped dittany through the  inged hole in hi  jean  onto the angry burn beneath. “No  word,” repeated Ron. “That double-cro ing little  cab...” Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he had ju t taken off and  et it down on the gra  in front of them. Glinting in the  un, it drew their eye  a  they  wigged their bottle  of juice. “At lea t we can't wear it thi  time, that'd look a bit weird hanging around our neck ,”  aid Ron, wiping hi  mouth on the back of hi  hand. Hermione looked acro  the lake to the far bank where the dragon wa   till drinking. “What'll happen to it, do you think?”  he a ked, “Will it be alright?” “You  ound like Hagrid,”  aid Ron, “It'  a dragon, Hermione, it can look after it elf. It'  u  we need to worry about.” “What do you mean?” “Well I don't know how to break thi  to you,”  aid Ron, “but I think they might have noticed we broke into Gringott .” All three of them  tarted to laugh, and once  tarted, it wa  difficult to  top. Harry'  rib  ached, he felt lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the gra  beneath the reddening  ky and laughed until hi  throat wa  raw. “What are we going to do, though?”  aid Hermione finally, hiccuping her elf back to  eriou ne . “He'll know, won't he? You-Know-Who will know we know about hi  Horcruxe !” “Maybe they'll be too  cared to tell him!”  aid Ron hopefully, “Maybe they'll cover up --” The  ky, the  mell of the lake water, the  ound of Ron'  voice were extingui hed. Pain cleaved Harry'  head like a  word  troke. He wa   tanding in a dimly lit room, and a  emicircle of wizard  faced him, and on the floor at hi  feet knelt a  mall, quaking figure. “What did you  ay to me?” Hi  voice wa  high and cold, but fury and fear burned in ide him. The one thing that he had dreaded - but it could not be true, he could not  ee how... The goblin wa  trembling, unable to meet the red eye  high above hi . “Say it again!” murmured Voldemort. “Say it again!” “M-my Lord,”  tammered the goblin, it  black eye  wide with terror, “m-my Lord... we t-tried to  t- top them... Im-impo tor , my Lord... broke - broke into the - into the Le trange ' vault...” "Impo tor ? What impo tor ? I thought Gringott  had way  of revealing impo tor ? Who were they? “It wa ... it wa ... the P-Potter b-boy and the t-two accomplice ...” “And they took?” he  aid, hi  voice ri ing, a terrible fear gripping him, “Tell me! What did they take?” “A... a  - mall golden c-cup m-my Lord...” The  cream of rage, of denial left him a  if it were a  tranger' . He wa  crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it wa  impo ible, nobody had known. How wa  it po ible that the boy could have di covered hi   ecret? The Elder Wand  la hed through the air and green light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin rolled over dead; the watching wizard   cattered before him, terrified. Bellatrix and Luciu  Malfoy threw other  behind them in their race for the door, and again and again hi  wand fell, and tho e who were left were  lain, all of them, for bringing him thi  new , for hearing about the golden cup - Alone among t the dead he  tomped up and down, and they pa ed before him in vi ion: hi  trea ure , hi   afeguard , hi  anchor  to immortality - the diary wa  de troyed and the cup wa   tolen. What if, what if, the boy knew about the other ? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? Wa  Dumbledore at the root of thi ? Dumbledore, who had alway   u pected him; Dumbledore, dead on hi  order ; Dumbledore, who e wand wa  hi  now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy - But  urely if the boy had de troyed any of hi  Horcruxe , he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? He, the greate t wizard of them all; he, the mo t powerful; he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthle , namele  men. How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, him elf, mo t important and preciou , had been attacked, mutilated? True, he had not felt it when the diary had been de troyed, but he had thought that wa  becau e he had no body to fell, being le  than gho t... No,  urely, the re t were  afe... The other Horcruxe  mu t be intact... But he mu t know, he mu t be  ure... He paced the room, kicking a ide the goblin'  corp e a  he pa ed, and the picture  blurred and burned in hi  boiling brain: the lake, the  hack, and Hogwart  - A modicum of calm cooled hi  rage now. How could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt  hack? No one had ever known him to be related to the Gaunt , he had hidden the connection, the killing  had never been traced to him. The ring,  urely, wa   afe. And how could the boy, or anybody el e, know about the cave or penetrate it  protection? The idea of the locket being  tolen wa  ab urd... A  for the  chool: He alone knew where in Hogwart  he had  towed the Horcrux, becau e he alone had plumed the deepe t  ecret  of that place... And there wa   till Nagini, who mu t remain clo e now, no longer  ent to do hi  bidding, under hi  protection... But to be  ure, to be utterly  ure, he mu t return to each of hi  hiding place , he mu t redouble protection around each of hi  Horcruxe ... A job, like the que t for the Elder Wand, that he mu t undertake alone... Which  hould he vi it fir t, which wa  in mo t danger? An old unea e flickered in ide him. Dumbledore had known hi  middle name... Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunt ... Their abandoned home wa , perhap , the lea t  ecure of hi  hiding place , it wa  there that he would go fir t... The lake,  urely impo ible... though wa  there a  light po ibility that Dumbledore might have known  ome of hi  pa t mi deed , through the orphanage. And Hogwart ... but he knew the hi  Horcrux there wa   afe; it would be impo ible for Potter to enter Hog meade without detection, let alone the  chool. Neverthele , it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the ca tle. ... To tell Snape why the boy might return would be fooli h, of cour e; it had been a grave mi take to tru t Bellatrix and Malfoy. Didn't their  tupidity and carele ne  prove how unwi e it wa  ever to tru t? He would vi it the Gaunt  hack fir t, then, and take Nagini with him. He would not be parted from the  nake anymore ... and he  trode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark garden where the fountain played; he called the  nake in Par eltongue and it  lithered out to join him like a long  hadow. ... Harry'  eye  flew open a  he wrenched him elf back to the pre ent. He wa  lying on the bank of the lake in the  etting  un, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at him. Judging by their worried look , and by the continued pounding of hi   car, hi   udden excur ion into Voldemort'  mind had not pa ed unnoticed. He  truggled up,  hivering, vaguely  urpri ed that he wa   till wet to hi   kin, and  aw the cup lying innocently in the gra  before him, and the lake, deep blue  hot with gold in the falling  un. “He know .” Hi  own voice  ounded  trange and low after Voldemort'  high  cream . “He know  and he'  going to check where the other  are, and the la t one,” he wa  already on hi  feet,“ i  at Hogwart . I knew it. I knew it.” “What?” Ron wa  gaping at him; Hermione  at up, looking worried. “But what did you  ee? How do you know?” “I  aw him find out about the cup, I - I wa  in hi  head, he' ” - Harry remembered the killing  - “he'   eriou ly angry, and  cared too, he can't under tand how we knew, and now he'  going to check the other  are  afe, the ring fir t. He thing  the Hogwart  one i   afe t, becau e Snape'  there, becau e it'll be  o hard not to be  een getting in. I think he'll check that one la t, but he could  till be there within hour  -” “Did you  ee where in Hogwart  it i ?” a ked Ron, now  crambling to hi  feet too. “No, he wa  concentrating on warning Snape, he didn't think about exactly where it i  -” “Wait, wait!” cried Hermione a  Ron caught up to the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invi ibility Cloak again. “We can't ju t go, we haven't got a plan, we need to -” “We need to get going,”  aid Harry firmly. He had been hoping to  leep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that wa  impo ible now, "Can you imagine what he'  going to do once he realize  the ring and the locket are gone? What if he move  the Hogwart  Horcrux, decide  it i n't  afe enough? “But how are we going to get in?” “We'll go to Hog meade,”  aid Harry, “and try to work  omething out once we  ee what the protection around the  chool'  like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to  tick together thi  time.” “But we don't really fit -” “It'll be dark, no one'  going to notice our feet.” The flapping of enormou  wing  echoed acro  the black water. The dragon had drunk it  fill and ri en into the air. They pau ed in their preparation  to watch it climb higher and higher, now black again t the rapidly darkening  ky, until it vani hed over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward and took her place between the other two, Harry pulled the Cloak down a  far a  it would go, and together they turned on the  pot into the cru hing darkne . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT THE MISSING MIRROR Harry'  feet touched the road. He  aw the achingly familiar Hog meade High Street: dark  hop front , and the mi t line of black mountain  beyond the village and the curve in the road ahead that led off toward Hogwart , and light  pilling from the window  of the Three Broom tick , and with a lurch of the hear, he remembered with piercing accuracy, how he had landed here nearly a year before,  upporting a de perately weak Dumbledore, all thi  in a  econd, upon landing -- and then, even a  he relaxed hi  grip upon Ron'  and Hermione'  arm , it happened. The air wa  rent by a  cream that  ounded like Voldemort'  when he had realized the cup had been  tolen: It tore at every nerve in Harry'  body, and he knew that their appearance had cau ed it. Even a  he looked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broom tick  bur t open and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eater  da hed into the  treet , their wand  aloft. Harry  eized Ron'  wri t a  he rai ed hi  wand; there were too many of them to run. Even attempting it would have give away their po ition. One of the Death Eater  rai ed hi  wand, and the  cream  topped,  till echoing around the di tant mountain . “Accio Cloak!” roared one of the Death Eater  Harry  eized hi  fold , but it made no attempt to e cape. The Summoning Charm had not worked on it. “Not under your wrapper, then, Potter?” yelled the Death Eater who had tried the charm and then to hi  fellow . “Spread now. He'  here.” Six of the Death Eater  ran toward them: Harry, Ron and Hermione backed a  quickly a  po ible down the neare t  ide  treet, and the Death Eater  mi ed them by inche . They waited in the darkne , li tening to the foot tep  running up and down, beam  of light flying along the  treet from the Death Eater '  earching wand . “Let'  ju t leave!” Hermione whi pered. “Di apparate now!” “Great idea,”  aid Ron, but before Harry could reply, a Death Eater  houted, “We know you are here, Potter, and there'  no getting away! We'll find you!” “They were ready for u ,” whi pered Harry. "They  et up that  pell to tell them we'd come. I reckon they’ve done  omething to keep u  here, trap u  - " “What about dementor ?” called another Death Eater. “Let'em have free rein, they'd find him quick enough!” “The Dark Lord want  Potter dead by no hand  but hi  - ” “ 'an dementor  won't kill him! The Dark Lord want  Potter'  life, nor hi   oul. He'll be ea ier to kill if he'  been Ki ed fir t!” There were noi e  of agreement. Dread filled Harry: To repel dementor  they would have to produce Patronu e  which would give them away immediately. “We're going to have to try to Di apparate, Harry!” Hermione whi pered. Even a   he  aid it, he felt the unnatural cold being  pread over the  treet. Light wa   ucked from the environment right up to the  tar , which vani hed. In the pitch blackne , he felt Hermione take hold of hi  arm and together, they turned on the  pot. The air through which they needed to move,  eemed to have become  olid: They could not Di apparate; the Death Eater  had ca t their charm  well. The cold wa  biting deeper and deeper into Harry'  fle h. He, Ron and Hermione retreated down the  ide  treet, groping their way along the wall trying not to make a  ound. Then, around the corner, gliding noi ele ly, came dementor , ten or more of them, vi ible becau e they were of a den er darkne  than their  urrounding , with their black cloak  and their  cabbed and rotting hand . Could they  en e fear in the vicinity? Harry wa   ure of it: They  eemed to be coming more quickly now, taking tho e dragging, rattling breath  he dete ted, ta ting de pair in the air, clo ing in - He rai ed hi  wand: He could not, would not  uffer the Dementor'  Ki , whatever happened afterward. It wa  of Ron and Hermione that he thought a  he whi pered “Expecto Patronum!” The  ilver  tag bur t from hi  wand and charged: The Dementor   cattered and there wa  a triumphant yell from  omewhere out of  ight “It'  him, down there, down there, I  aw hi  Patronu , it wa  a  tag!” The Dementor  have retreated, the  tar  were popping out again and the foot tep  of the Death Eater  were becoming louder; but before Harry in hi  panic could decide what to do, there wa  a grinding of bolt  nearby, a door opened on the left- ide of the narrow  treet, and a rough voice  aid: “Potter, in here, quick!” He obeyed without he itation, the three of them hurried through the open doorway. “Up tair , keep the Cloak on, keep quiet!” muttered a tall figure, pa ing them on hi  way into the  treet and  lammed the door behind him. Harry had had no idea where they were, but now he  aw, by the  tuttering light of a  ingle candle, the grubby,  awdu t bar of the Hog'  Head Inn. They ran behind the counter and through a  econd doorway, which led to a trickery wooden  tairca e, that they climbed a  fa t a  they could. The  tair  opened into a  itting room with a durable carpet and a  mall fireplace, above which hung a  ingle large oil painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of a vacant  weetne . Shout  reached from the  treet  below. Still wearing the Invi ibility Cloak on, they hurried toward the grimy window and looked down. Their  avior, whom Harry now recognized a  the Hog'  Head'  barman, wa  the only per on not wearing a hood. “So what?” he wa  bellowing into one of the hooded face . “So what? You  end dementor  down my  treet, I'll  end a Patronu  back at'em! I'm not having'em near me, I've told you that. I'm not having it!” “That wa n't your Patronu ,”  aid a Death Eater. “That wa  a  tag. It wa  Potter' !” “Stag!” roared the barman, and he pulled out a wand. “Stag! You idiot - Expecto Patronum!” Something huge and horned erupted from the wand. Head down, it charged toward the High Street, and out of  ight. “That'  not what I  aw”  aid the Death Eater, though wa  le  certainly “Curfew'  been broken, you heard the noi e,” one of hi  companion  told the barman. “Someone wa  out on the  treet  again t regulation  - ” “If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!” “You  et off the Caterwauling Charm?” "What if I did? Going to cart me off to Azkaban? Kill me for  ticking my no e out my own front door? Do it, then, if you want to! But I hope for your  ake  you haven't pre ed your little Dark Mark , and  ummoned him. He'  not going to like being called here, for me and my old cat, i  he, now?“ ”Don't worry about u .“  aid one of the Death Eater , ”worry about your elf, breaking curfew!“ ”And where will you lot traffic potion  and poi on  when my pub'  clo ed down? What will happen to your little  ideline  then?" “Are you threatening - ?” “I keep my mouth  hut, it'  why you come here, i n't it?” “I  till  ay I  aw a  tag Patronu !”  houted the fir t Death Eater. “Stag?” roared the barman. “It'  a goat, idiot!” “All right, we made a mi take,”  aid the  econd Death Eater. “Break curfew again and we won't be  o lenient!” The Death Eater   trode back toward  the High Street. Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under the Cloak, and  at down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtain  then pulled the Cloak off him elf and Ron. They could hear the barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the  tair . Harry'  attention wa  caught by  omething on the mantelpiece: a  mall, rectangular mirror, propped on top of it, right beneath the portrait of the girl. The barman entered the room. “You bloody fool ,” he  aid gruffly, looking from one to the other of them. “What were you thinking, coming here?” “Thank you,”  aid Harry. “You can't thank you enough. You  aved our live !” The barman grunted. Harry approached him looking up into the face: trying to  ee pa t the long,  tringy, wire-gray hair beard. He wore  pectacle . Behind the dirty len e , the eye  were a piercing, brilliant blue. “It'  your eye I've been  eeing in the mirror.” There wa  a  ilence in the room. Harry and the barman looked at each other. “You  ent Dobby.” The barman nodded and looked around for the elf. “Thought he'd be with you. Where've you left him? can.” “You don't under tand. There i n't much time. We've got to get into the ca tle. Dumbledore - I mean, your brother - wanted u  - ” The firelight made the grimy len e  of Aberforth'  gla e  momentarily opaque, a bright flat white, and Harry remembered the blind eye  of the giant  pider, Aragog. “My brother Albu  wanted a lot of thing ,”  aid Aberforth, “and people had a habit of getting hurt while he wa  carrying out hi  grand plan . You get away from thi   chool, Potter, and out of the country if you can. Forget my brother and hi  clever  cheme . He'  gone where none of thi  can hurt him, and you don't owe him anything.” “You don't under tand.”  aid Harry again. “Oh, don't I?  aid Aberforth quietly. ”You don't think I under tood my own brother? Think you know Albu  better than I did?" “I didn't mean that,”  aid Harry, who e brain felt  luggi h with exhau tion and from the  urfeit of food and wine. “It' ... he left me a job.” “Did he now?”  aid Aberforth. “Nice job, I hope? Plea ant? Ea y? Sort of thing you'd expect an unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without over tretching them elve ?” Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione wa  looking  trained. “I-it'  not ea y, no,”  aid Harry. “But I've got to - ” “Got to? Why got to? He'  dead, i n't he?”  aid Aberforth roughly. "Let it go, boy, before you follow him! Save your elf!" “I can't.” “Why not?” “I - ” Harry felt overwhelmed; he could not explain,  o he took the offen ive in tead. "But you're fighting too, you're in the Order of the Phoenix - " “I wa ,”  aid Aberforth. "The Order of the Phoenix i  fini hed. You-Know-Who'  won, it'  over, and anyone who'  pretending different'  kidding them elve . It'll never be  afe for you here, Potter, he want  you too badly. So go abroad, go into hiding,  ave your elf. Be t take the e two with you." He jerked a thumb at Ron and Hermione. “They'll be in danger long a  they live now everyone know  they've been working with you.” “I can't leave,”  aid Harry. “I've got a job - ” “Give it to  omeone el e!” “I can't. It'  got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all - ” “Oh, did he now? And did he tell you everything, wa  he hone t with you?” Harry wanted him with all hi  heart to  ay “Ye ,” but  omehow the  imple word would not ri e to hi  lip , Aberforth  eemed to know what he wa  thinking. “I knew my brother, Potter. He learned  ecrecy at our mother'  knee. Secret  and lie , that'  how we grew up, and Albu ... he wa  a natural.” The old man'  eye  traveled to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece. It wa , now Harry looked around properly, the only picture in the room. There wa  no photograph of Albu  Dumbledore, nor of anyone el e. “Mr. Dumbledore”  aid Hermione rather timidly. "I  that your  i ter? Ariana? “Ye .”  aid Aberforth ter ely. “Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, mi y?” Even by the ro y light of the fire it wa  clear that Hermione had turned red. “Elphia  Doge mentioned her to u ,”  aid Harry, trying to  pare Hermione. “That old berk,” muttered Aberforth, taking another  wig of mead. “Thought the  un  hone out of my brother'  every office, he did. Well,  o did plenty of people, you three included, by the look  of it.” Harry kept quiet. He did not want to expre  the doubt  and uncertaintie  about Dumbledore that had riddled him for month  now. He had made hi  choice while he dug Dobby'  grave, he had decided to continue along the winding, dangerou  path indicated for him by Albu  Dumbledore, to accept that he had not been told everything that he wanted to know, but  imply to tru t. He had no de ire to doubt again; he did not want o hear anything that would deflect him from hi  purpo e. He met Aberforth'  gaze, which wa   o  trikingly like hi  brother ': The bright blue eye  gave the  ame impre ion that they were X-raying the object of their  crutiny, and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he wa  thinking and de pi ed him for it. “Profe or Dumbledore cared about Harry, very much,”  aid Hermione in a low voice. “Did he now?”  aid Aberforth. “Funny thing how many of the people my brother cared about very much ended up in a wor e  tate than if he'd left 'em well alone.” “What do you mean?” a ked Hermione breathle ly. “Never you mind,”  aid Aberforth. “But that'  a really  eriou  thing to  ay!”  aid Hermione. “Are you - are you talking about your  i ter?” Aberforth glared at her: Hi  lip  moved a  if he were chewing the word  he wa  holding back. Then he bur tinto  peech. "When my  i ter wa   ix year  old,  he wa  attacked, by three Muggle boy . They'd  een her doing magic,  pying through the back garden hedge: She wa  a kid,  he couldn't control it, no witch or wizard can at that age. What they  aw,  cared them, I expect. They forced their way through the hedge, and when  he couldn't  how them the trick, they got a bit carried away trying to  top the little freak doing it." Hermione'  eye  were huge in the firelight; Ron looked  lightly  ick. Aberforth  tood up, tall a  Albu , and  uddenly terrible in hi  anger and the inten ity of hi  pain. "It de troyed her, what they did: She wa  never right again. She wouldn't u e magic, but  he couldn't get rid of it; it turned inward and drove her mad, it exploded out of her when  he couldn't control it, and at time   he wa   trange and dangerou . But mo tly  he wa   weet and  cared and harmle . “And my father went after the ba tard  that did it,”  aid Aberforth, "and attacked them. And they locked him up in Azkaban for it. He never  aid why he'd done it, becau e the Mini try had known what Ariana had become,  he'd have been locked up in St. Mungo'  for good. They'd have  een her a  a  eriou  threat to the International Statute of Secrecy, unbalanced like  he wa , with magic exploding out of her at moment  when  he couldn't keep it in any longer. "We had to keep her  afe and quiet. We moved hou e, put it about  he wa  ill, and my mother looked after her, and tried to keep her calm and happy. “I wa  her favourite,” he  aid, and a  he  aid it, a grubby  choolboy  eemed to look out through Aberforth'  wrinkle  and wrangled beard. "Not Albu , he wa  alway  up in hi  bedroom when he wa  home, reading hi  book  and counting hi  prize , keeping up with hi  corre pondence with “the mo t notable magical name  of the day,” Aberforth  uccored. "He didn't want to be bothered with her. She liked me be t. I could get her to eat when  he wouldn't do it for my mother, I could calm her down, when  he wa  in one of her rage , and when  he wa  quiet,  he u ed to help me feed the goat . “Then, when  he wa  fourteen... See, I wa n't there.”  aid Aberforth. “If I'd been there, I could have calmed her down. She had one of her rage , and my mother wa n't a  young a   he wa , and . . . it wa  an accident. Ariana couldn't control it. But my mother wa  killed.” Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repul ion; he did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept talking, and Harry wondered how long it had been  ince he had  poken about thi ; whether, in fact, he had ever  poken about it. “So that put paid to Albu '  trip round the world with little Doge. The pair of 'em came home for my mother'  funeral and then Doge went off on hi  own, and Albu   ettled down a  head of the family. Ha!” Aberforth  pat into the fire. "I'd have looked after her, I told him  o, I didn't care about  chool, I'd have  tayed home and done it. He told me I had to fini h my education and he'd take over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr. Brilliant, there'  no prize  for looking after your half-mad  i ter,  topping her blowing up the hou e every other day. But he did all right for a few week  . . . till he came." And now a po itively dangerou  look crept over Aberforth’  face. "Grindelwald. And at la t, my brother had an equal to talk to  omeone ju t a  bright and talented he wa . And looking after Ariana took a back eat then, while they were hatching all their plan  for a new Wizarding order and looking for Hallow , and whatever el e it wa  they were  o intere ted in. Grand plan  for the benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one young girl neglected, what did that matter, when Albu  wa  working for the greater good? “But after a few week  of it, I'd had enough, I had. It wa  nearly time for me to go hack to Hogwart ,  o I told 'em, both of 'em, face-to-face, like I am to you, now,” and Aberforth looked downward Harry, and it took a little imagination to  ee him a  a teenager, wiry and angry, confronting hi  elder brother. "I told him, you'd better give it up now. You can't move her,  he'  in no fit  tate, you can't take her with you, wherever it i  you're planning to go, when you're making your clever  peeche , trying to whip your elve  up a following. He didn't like that.“  aid Aberforth, and hi  eye  were briefly occluded by the fireflight on the len e  of hi  gla e : They turned white and blind again. ”Grindelwald didn't like that at all. He got angry. He told me what a  tupid little boy I wa , trying to  tand in the way of him and my brilliant brother . . . Didn't I under tand, my poor  i ter wouldn't have to be hidden once they'd changed the world, and led the wizard  out of hiding, and taught the Muggle  their place? “And there wa  an argument . . . and I pulled my wand, and he pulled out hi , and I had the Cruciatu  Cur e u ed on me by my brother'  be t friend - and Albu  wa  trying to  top him, and then all three of u  were dueling, and the fla hing light  and the bang   et her off,  he couldn't  tand it - ” The color wa  draining from Aberforth'  face a  though he had  uffered a mortal wound. “ - and I think  he wanted to help, but  he didn't really know what  he wa  doing, and I don't know which of u  did it, it could have been any of u  - and  he wa  dead.” Hi  voice broke on the la t word and he dropped down into the neare t chair. Hermione'  face wa  wet with tear , and Ron wa  almo t a  pale a  Aberforth. Harry felt nothing but revul ion: He wi hed he had not heard it, wi hed he could wa h i  mind clean of it. “I'm  o . . . I'm  o  orry,” Hermione whi pered. “Gone,” croaked Aberforth. “Gone forever.” He wiped hi  no e on hi  cuff and cleared hi  throat. “ 'Cour e, Grindelwald  carpered. He had a bit of a track record already, back in hi  own country, and he didn't want Ariana  et to hi  account too. And Albu  wa  free, wa n't he? Free of the burden of hi   i ter, free to become the greate t wizard of the - ” “He wa  never free,”  aid Harry. “I beg your pardon?”  aid Aberforth. “Never,”  aid Harry. “The night that your brother died, he drank a potion that drove him out of hi  mind. He  tarted  creaming, pleading with  omeone who wa n't there. 'Don't hurt them, plea e . . . hurt me in tead.' ” Ron and Hermione were  taring at Harry. He had never gone into detail  about what had happened on the i land on the lake: The event  that had taken place after he and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwart  had eclip ed it  o thoroughly. “He thought he wa  back there with you and Grindelwald, I know he did,”  aid Harry, remembering Dumbledore whi pering, pleading. “He thought he wa  watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana . . . It wa  torture to him, if you'd  een him then, you wouldn't  ay he wa  free.” Aberforth  eemed lo t in contemplation of hi  own knotted and veined hand . After a long pau e he  aid. "How can you be  ure, Potter, that my brother wa n't more intere ted in the greater good than in you? How can you be  ure you aren't di pen able, ju t like my little  i ter?" A  hard of ice  eemed to pierce Harry'  heart. “I don't believe it. Dumbledore loved Harry,”  aid Hermione. “Why didn't he tell him to hide, then?  hot back Aberforth. ”Why didn't he  ay to him, 'Take care of your elf, here'  how to  urvive' ?" “Becau e,”  aid Harry before Hermione could an wer, " ometime  you've got to think about more than your own  afety! Sometime  you've got to think about the greater good! Thi  i  war!" “You're  eventeen, boy!” “I'm of age, and I'm going to keep fighting even if you've given up!” “Who  ay  I've given up?” “The Order of the Phoenix i  fini hed,” Harry repeated, “You-Know-Who'  won, it'  over, and anyone who'  pretending different'  kidding them elve .” “I don't  ay I like it, but it'  the truth!” “No, it i n't.”  aid Harry. “Your brother knew how to fini h You-Know-Who and he pa ed the knowledge on to me. I'm going to keep going until I  ucceed - or I die. Don't think I don't know how thi  might end. I've known it for year .” He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but he did not. He merely moved. “We need to get into Hogwart ,”  aid Harry again. “If you can't help u , we'll wait till daybreak, leave you in peace, and try to find a way in our elve . If you can help u  - well, now would be a great time to mention it.” Aberforth remained fixed in hi  chair, gazing at Harry with the eye, that were  o extraordinarily like hi  brother' . At la t he cleared hi  throat, got to hi  feet, walked around the little table, and approached the portrait of Ariana. “You know what to do,” he  aid. She  miled, turned, and walked away, not a  people in portrait  u ually did, one of the  ide  of their frame , but along what  eemed to be a long tunnel painted behind her. They watched her  light figure retreating until finally  he wa   wallowed by the darkne . “Er - what - ?” began Ron. “There'  only one way in now,”  aid Aberforth. "You mu t know they've got all the old  ecret pa ageway  covered at both end , dementor  all around the boundary wall , regular patrol  in ide the  chool from what my  ource  tell me. The place ha  never been  o heavily guarded. How you expect to do anything once you get in ide it, with Snape in charge and the Carrow  a  hi  deputie . . . well, that'  your lookout, i n't it? You  ay you're prepared to die." “But what . . . ?”  aid Hermione, frowning at Ariana'  picture. A tiny white dot reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana wa  walking back toward them, growing bigger and bigger a   he came. But there wa   omebody el e with her now,  omeone taller than  he wa , who wa  limping along, looking excited. Hi  hair wa  longer than Harry had ever  een. He appeared and torn. Larger and larger the two figure  grew, until only their head  and  houlder  filled the portrait. Then the whole thing  wang forward on the wall like a little door, and the entrance to a real tunnel wa  revealed. And our of it, hi  hair overgrown, hi  face cut, hi  robe  ripped, clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece and yelled. “I knew you'd come! I knew it, Harry!” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE THE LOST DIADEM “Neville -- what the -- how -- ?” But Neville had  potted Ron and Hermione, and with yell  of delight wa  hugging them too. The longer Harry looked at Neville, the wor e he appeared: One of hi  eye  wa   wollen yellow and purple, there were gouge mark  on hi  face, and hi  general air of unkemptne   ugge ted that he had been living enough. Neverthele , hi  battered vi age  hone with happine  a  he let go of Hermione and  aid again, “I knew you’d come! Kept telling Seamu  it wa  a matter of time!” “Neville, what’  happened to you?” “What? Thi ?” Neville di mi ed hi  injurie  with a  hake of the head. “Thi  i  nothing, Seamu  i  wor e. You’ll  ee. Shall we get going then? Oh,” he turned to Aberforth, “Ab, there might be a couple more people no the way.” “Couple more?” repeated Aberforth ominou ly. “What d’you mean, a couple more, Longbottom? There’  a curfew and a Camwaulding Charm on the whole village!” “I know, that’  why they’ll be Apparating directly into the bar,”  aid Neville. “Ju t  end them down the pa age when they get here, will you? Thank  a lot.” Neville held out hi  hand to Hermione and helped her to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ron followed, then Neville. Harry addre ed Aberforth. “I don’t know how to thank you. You’ve  aved our live  twice.” “Look after ‘em, then,”  aid Aberforth gruffly. “I might not be able to  ave ‘em a third time.” Harry chambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana’  portrait. There were  mooth  tone  tep  on the other  ide: It looked a  though the pa ageway had been there for year . Bra  lamp  hung from the wall  and the earthy floor wa  worn and  mooth; a  they walked, their  hadow  rippled, fanlike, acro  the wall. “How long’  thi  been here?” Ron a ked a  they  et off. “It i n’t on the Marauder’  Map, i  it Harry? I thought there were only  even pa age  in and out of  chool?” “They  ealed off all of tho e before the  tart of the year,”  aid Neville. “There’  no chance of getting through any of them now, not with the cur e  over the entrance  and Death Eater  and dementor  waiting at the exit .” He  tarted walking backward, beaming, drinking them in. “Never mind that  tuff … I  it true? Did you break into Gringott ? Did you e cape on a dragon? It’  everywhere, everyone’  talking about it, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner!” “Yeah, it’  true,”  aid Harry. Neville laughed gleefully. “What did you do with the dragon?” “Relea ed it into the wild,”  aid Ron. “Hermione wa  all for keeping it a  a pet“ “Don’t exaggerate, Ron –“ “But what have you been doing? People have been  aying you’ve ju t been on the run, Harry, but I don’t think  o. I think you’ve been up to  omething.” “You’re right,”  aid Harry, “but tell u  about Hogwart , Neville, we haven’t heard anything.” “It’  been …. Well, it’  not really like Hogwart  anymore,”  aid Neville, the  mile fading from hi  face a  he  poke. “Do you know about the Carrow ?” “Tho e two Death Eater  who teach here?” “They do more than teach,”  aid Neville. “They’re in charge of all di cipline. They like puni hment, the Carrow .” “Like Umbridge?” “Nah, they make her look tame. The other teacher  are all  uppo ed to refer u  to the Carrow  if we do anything wrong. They don’t, though, if they can avoid it. You can tell they all hate them a  much a  we do.” “Amycu , the bloke, he teache  what u ed to be Defen e Again t the Dark Art , except now it’  ju t the Dark Art . We’re  uppo ed to practice the Cruciatu  Cur e on people who’ve earned detention  – “ “What?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione’  united voice  echoed up and down the pa age. “Yeah,”  aid Neville. “That’  how I got thi  one,” he pointed at a particularly deep ga h in hi  cheek, “I refu ed to do it. Some people are into it, though; Crabbe and Goyle love it. Fir t time they’ve ever been top in anything, I expect.” “Alecto, Amycu ’   i ter, teache  Muggle Studie , which i  compul ory for everyone. We’ve all got to li ten to her explain how Muggle  are like animal ,  tupid and dirty, and how they drive wizard  into hiding by being viciou  toward them, and how the natural order i  being ree tabli hed. I got thi  one,” he indicated another  la h to hi  face, “for a king her how much Muggle blood  he and her brother have got.” “Blimey, Neville,”  aid Ron, “there’  a time and a place for getting a  mart mouth.” “You didn’t  ee her,”  aid Neville. “You wouldn’t have  tood it either. The thing i , it help  when people  tand up to them, it give  everyone hope. I u ed to notice that when you did it, Harry.” “But they’ve u ed you a  a knife  harpener,”  aid Ron, winding  lightly a  they pa ed a lamp and Neville’  injurie  were thrown into even greater relief. Neville  hrugged. “Doe n’t matter. They don’t want to  pill too much pure blood,  o they’ll torture u  a bit if we’re mouthy but they won’t actually kill u .” Harry did not know what wa  wor e, the thing  that Neville wa   aying or the matter-of-fact tone in which he  aid them. “The only people in real danger are the one  who e friend  and relative  on the out ide are giving trouble. They get taken ho tage. Old Xeno Lovegood wa  getting a bit too out poken in The Quibbler,  o they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Chri tma .” “Neville,  he’  all right, we’ve  een her –“ “Yeah, I know,  he managed to get a me age to me.” From hi  pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized it a  one of the fake Galleon  that Dumbledore’  Army had u ed to  end one another me age . “The e have been great,”  aid Neville, beaming at Hermione. “The Carrow  never rumbled how we were communicating, it drove them mad. We u ed to  neak out at night and put graffiti on the wall : Dumbledore’  Army, Still Recruiting,  tuff like that. Snape hated it.” “You u ed to?”  aid Harry, who had noticed the pa t ten e. “Well, it got more difficult a  time went one,”  aid Neville. “We lo t Luna at Chri tma , and Ginny never came back after Ea ter, and the three of u  were  ort of the leader . The Carrow   eemed to know I wa  behind a lot of it,  o they  tarted coming down on me hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught relea ing a fir t-year they’d chained up, and they tortured him pretty badly. That  cared people off.” “No kidding,” muttered Ron, a  the pa age began to  lope upward. “Yeah, well, I couldn’t a k people to go through what Michael did,  o we dropped tho e kind  of  tunt . But we were  till fighting, doing underground  tuff, right up until a couple of week  ago. That’  when they decided there wa  only one way to  top me, I  uppo e, and they went for Gran.” “They what?”  aid Harry, Ron, and Hermione together. “Yeah,”  aid Neville, panting a little now, becau e the pa age wa  climbing  o  teeply, “well, you can  ee their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping kid  to force their relative  to behave. I  ’po e it wa  only a matter of time before they did it the other way around. Thing wa ,” he faced them, and Harry wa  a toni hed to  ee that he wa  grinning, “they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone, they probably thought hey didn’t need to  end anyone particularly powerful. Anyway,” Neville laughed, “Dawli h i   till in St. Mungo’  and Gran’  on the run. She  ent me a letter,” he clapped a hand to the brea t pocket of hi  robe , “telling me  he wa  proud of me, that I’m my parent’   on, and to keep it up.” “Cool,”  aid Ron. “Yea,”  aid Neville happily. “Only thing wa , once they realized they had no hold over me, they decided Hogwart  could do without me after all. I don’t know whether they were planning to kill me or  end me to Azkaban, either way, I knew it wa  time to di appear.” “But,”  aid Ron, looking thoroughly confu ed, “aren’t – aren’t we heading  traight back for Hogwart ?” “’Cour e,”  aid Neville. “You’ll  ee. We’re here.” They turned a corner and there ahead of them wa  the end of the pa age. Another  hort flight of  tep  led to a door ju t like the one hidden behind Ariana’  portrait. Neville pu hed it open and climbed through. A  Harry followed, he heard Neville call out for un een people: “Look who it i ! Didn’t I tell you?” A  Harry emerged into the room behind the pa age, there were  everal  cream  and yell : “HARRY!” “It’  Potter, it’  POTTER!” “Ron!” “Hermione!” He had a confu ed impre ion of colored hanging , of lamp  and many face . The next moment, he, Ron, and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, their hair ruffled, their hand   haken, by what  eemed to be more than twenty people. They might have ju t won a Quidditch final. “Okay, okay, calm down!” Neville called, and a  the crowd backed away, Harry wa  able to take in their  urrounding . He did not recognize the dorm at all. It wa  enormou , and looked rather like the interior of a particularly  umptuou  tree hou e, or perhap  a gigantic  hip’  cabin. Multicolored hammock  were  trung from the ceiling and from the balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowle  wall , which were covered in bright tape try hanging . Harry  aw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on  carlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff,  et again t yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The  ilver and green of Slytherin alone were ab ent. There were bulging bookca e , a few broom tick  propped again t the wall , and in the corner, a large wood-ca ed wirele . “Where are we?” “Room of Requirement, of cour e!”  aid Neville. “Surpa ed it elf, ha n’t it? The Carrow  were cha ing me, and I knew I had ju t one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and thi  i  what I found! Well, it wa n’t exactly like thi  when I arrived, it wa  a load  maller, there wa  only one hammock and ju t Gryffindor hanging . But it’  expanded a  more and more of the D.A. have arrived.” “And the Carrow  can’t get in?” a ked Harry, looking around for the door. “No,”  aid Seamu  Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognized until he  poke: Seamu ’  face wa  brui ed and puffy. “It’  a proper hideout, a  long a  one of u   tay  in here, they can’t get at u , the door won’t open. It’  all down to Neville. He really get  thi  room. You’ve got to a k for exactly what you need – like, “I don’t want any Carrow  upporter  to be able to get in’ – and it’ll do it for you! You’ve ju t got to make  ure you clo e the loophole . Neville’  the man!” “It’  quite  traightforward, really,”  aid Neville mode tly. “I’d been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wi hing I could get  omething to eat, and that’  when the pa age to Hog’  Head opened up. I went through it and met Aberforth. He’  been providing u  with food, becau e for  ome rea on, that’  the one thing the room doe n’t really do. “Yeah, well, food’  one of the five exception  to Gamp’  Law of Elemental Tran figuration,”  aid Ron to general a toni hment. “So we’ve been hiding out here for nearly two week ,”  aid Seamu , “and it ju t make  more hammock  every time we need room, and it even  prouted a pretty good bathroom once girl   tarted turning up – “ “—and thought they’d quite like to wa h, ye ,”  upplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly, he recognized many familiar face . Both Patil twin  were there, a  were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Gold tein, and Michael Corner. “Tell u  what you’ve been up to, though,”  aid Ernie. “There’ve been  o many rumor , we’ve been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch.” He pointed at the wirele . “You didn’t break into Gringott ?” “They did!”  aid Neville. “And the dragon’  true too!” There wa  a  mattering of applau e and a few whoop ; Ron took a bow. “What were you after?” a ked Seamu  eagerly. Before any of them could parry the que tion with one of their own, Harry felt a terrible,  corching pain in the lightning  car. A  he turned hi  back ha tily on the curiou  and delighted face , the Room of Requirement vani hed, and he wa   tanding in ide a ruined  tone  hack, and the rotting floorboard  were ripped apart at hi  feet, a di interred golden box lay open and empty be ide the hole, and Voldemort’   cream of fury vibrated in ide hi  head. With an enormou  effort he pulled out of Voldemort’  mind again, back to where he  tood,  waying, in the Room of Requirement,  weat pouring from hi  face and Ron holding him up. “Are you all right, Harry?” Neville wa   aying. “What to  it down? I expect you’re tired, aren’t -- ?” “No,”  aid Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tell them without word  that Voldemort had ju t di covered the lo  of one of the other Horcruxe . Time wa  running out fa t: If Voldemort cho e to vi it Hogwart  next, they would mi  their chance. “We need to get going,” he  aid, and their expre ion  told him that they under tood. “What are we going to do, then, Harry?” a ked Seamu . “What’  the plan?” “Plan?” repeated Harry. He wa  exerci ing all hi  willpower to prevent him elf  uccumbing again to Voldemort’  rage: Hi   car wa   till burning. “Well, there’   omething we – Ron, Hermione, and I – need to do, and then we’ll get out of here.” Nobody wa  laughing or whooping anymore. Neville looked confu ed. “What d’you mean, ‘get out of here’?” “We haven’t come back to  tay,”  aid Harry, rubbing hi   car, trying to  oothe the pain. “There’   omething important we need to do – “ “What i  it?” “I – I can’t tell you.” There wa  a ripple of muttering at thi : Neville’  brow  contracted. “Why can’t you tell u ? It’   omething to do with fighting You-Know-Who, right?” “Well, yeah – “ “Then we’ll help you.” The other member  of Dumbledore’  Army were nodding,  ome enthu ia tically, other   olemnly. A couple of them ro e from their chair  to demon trate their willingne  for immediate action. “You don’t under tand,” Harry  eemed to have  aid that a lot in the la t few hour . “We – we can’t tell you. We’ve got to do it – alone.” “Why?” a ked Neville. “Becau e … “ In hi  de peration to  tart looking for the mi ing Horcrux, or at lea t have a private di cu ion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their  earch. Harry found it difficult to gather hi  thought . Hi   car wa   till  earing. “Dumbledore left the three of u  a job,” he  aid carefully, “and we weren’t  uppo ed to tell – I mean, he wanted u  to do it, ju t the three of u .” “We’re hi  army,”  aid Neville. “Dumbledore’  Army. We were all in it together, we’ve been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own –“ “It ha n’t exactly been a picnic, mate,”  aid Ron. “I never  aid it had, but I don’t  ee why you can’t tru t u . Everyone in thi  room’  been fighting and they’ve been driven in here becau e the Carrow  were hunting them down. Everyone in here’  proven they’re loyal to Dumbledore – loyal to you.” “Look,” Harry began, without knowing what he wa  going to  ay, but it did not matter. The tunnel door had ju t opened behind him. “We got your me age, Neville! Hello you three, I thought you mu t be here!” It wa  Luna and Dean. Seamu  gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug hi  be t friend. “Hi, everyone!”  aid Luna happily. “Oh, it’  great to be back!” “Luna,”  aid Harry di tractedly, “what are you doing here? How did you -- ?” “I  ent for her,”  aid Neville, holding up the fake Galleon. “I promi ed her and Ginny that if you turned up I’d let them know. We all thought that if you came back, it would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrow .” “Of cour e that’  what it mean ,”  aid Luna brightly. “I n’t it, Harry? We’re going to fight them out of Hogwart ?” “Li ten,”  aid Harry with a ri ing  en e of panic, “I’m  orry, but that’  not what we came back for. There’   omething we’ve got to do, and then –“ “You’re going to leave u  in thi  me ?” demanded Michael Cornet. “No!”  aid Ron. “What we’re doing will benefit everyone in the end, it’  all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who – “ “Then let u  help!”  aid Neville angrily. “We want to be a part of it!” There wa  another noi e behind them, and Harry turned. Hi  heart  eemed to fall: Ginny wa  now climbing through the hole in the wall, clo ely followed by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant  mile: He had forgotten, he had never fully appreciated, how beautiful  he wa , but he had never been le  plea ed to  ee her. “Aberforth’  getting a bit annoyed,”  aid Fred, rai ing hi  hand in an wer to  everal crie  of greeting. “He want  a kip, and hi  bar’  turned into a railway  tation.” Harry’  mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry’  old girlfriend, Cho Chang. She  miled at him. “I got the me age,”  he  aid, holding up her own fake Galleon and  he walked over to  it be ide Michael Corner. “So what’  the plan, Harry?”  aid George. “There i n’t one,”  aid Harry,  till di oriented by the  udden appearance of all the e people, unable to take everything in while hi   car wa   till burning  o fiercely. “Ju t going to make it up a  we go along, are we? My favorite kind,”  aid Fred. “You’ve got to  top thi !” Harry told Neville. “What did you call them all back for? Thi  i  in ane – “ “We’re fighting, aren’t we?”  aid Dean, taking out hi  fake Galleon. “The me age  aid Harry wa  back, and we were going to fight! I’ll have to get a wand, though –“ “You haven’t got a wand--?” began Seamu . Ron turned  uddenly to Harry. “Why can’t they help?” “What?” “They can help.” He dropped hi  voice and  aid,  o that none of them could hear but Hermione, who  tood between them, “We don’t know where it i . We’ve got to find it fa t. We don’t have to tell them it’  a Horcrux.” Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, “I think Ron’  right. We don’t even know what we’re looking for, we need them.” And when Harry looked unconvinced, “You don’t have to do everything alone, Harry.” Harry thought fa t, hi   car  till prickling, hi  head threatening to  plit again. Dumbledore had warned him again t telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxe . Secret  and lie , that’  how we grew up, and Albu  … he wa  a natural … Wa  he turning into Dumbledore, keeping hi   ecret  clutched to hi  che t, afraid to tru t? But Dumbledore had tru ted Snape, and where had that led? To murder at the top of the highe t tower … “All right,” he  aid quietly to the other two. “Okay,” he called to the room at large, and all noi e cea ed: Fred and George, who had been cracking joke  for the benefit of tho e neare t, fell  ilent, and all of the looked alert, excited. “There’   omething we need to find,” Harry  aid. “Something –  omething that’ll help u  overthrow You-Know-Who. It’  here at Hogwart , but we don’t know where. It might have belonged to Ravenclaw. Ha  anyone heard of an object like that? Ha  anyone come acro   omething with her eagle on it, for in tance?” He looked hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaw , to Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but it wa  Luna who an wered, perched on the arm of Ginny’  chair. “Well, there’  her lo t diadem. I told you about it, remember, Harry? The lo t diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddy’  trying to duplicate it.” “Yeah, but the lo t diadem,”  aid Michael Corner, rolling hi  eye , “i  lo t, Luna. That’   ort of the point.” “When wa  it lo t?” a ked Harry. “Centurie  ago, they  ay,”  aid Cho, and Harry’  heart  ank. “Profe or Flitwick  ay  the diadem vani hed with Ravenclaw her elf. People have looked, but,”  he appealed to her fellow Ravenclaw . “Nobody’  ever found a trace of it, have them?” They all  hook their head . “Sorry, but what i  a diadem?” a ked Ron. “It’  a kind of crown,”  aid Terry Boot. “Ravenclaw’  wa   uppo ed to have magical propertie , enhance the wi dom of the wearer.” “Ye , Daddy’  Wrack purt  iphon  – “ But Harry cut acro  Luna. “And none of you have ever  een anything that look  like it? They all  hook their head  again. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and hi  own di appointment wa  mirrored back at him. An object that had been lo t thi  long, and apparently without trace, did not  eem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the ca tle … Before he could formulate a new que tion, however, Cho  poke again. “If you’d like to  ee what the diadem’   uppo ed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and  how you, Harry. Ravenclaw’  wearing it in her  tatue.” Harry’   car  corched again: For a moment the Room of Requirement  wam before him, and he  aw in tead the dark earth  oaring beneath him and felt the great  nake wrapped around hi   houlder . Voldemort wa  flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, to the ca tle, he did not know: Either way, there wa  hardly any time left. “He’  on the move,” he  aid quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. “Li ten, I know it’  not much of a lead, but I’m going to go look at thi   tatue, at lea t find out what the diadem look  like. Wait for me here and keep, you know – the other one –  afe.” Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny  aid rather fiercely, “No, Luna will take Harry, won’t you, Luna?” “Oooh, ye , I’d like to,”  aid Luna happily, a  Cho  at down again, looking di appointed. “How do we get out?” Harry a ked Neville. “Over here.” “He led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a  mall cupboard opened onto a  teep  tairca e. “It come  out  omewhere different every day,  o they’ve never been able to find it,” he  aid. “Only trouble i , we never know exactly where we’re going to end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, they’re alway  patrolling the corridor  at night.” “No problem,”  aid Harry. “See you in a bit.” He and Luna hurried up the  tairca e, which wa  long, lit by torche , and turned corner  in unexpected place . At la t they reached what appeared to be  olid wall. “Get under here,” Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invi ibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. He gave the wall a little pu h. It melted away at hi  touch and they  lipped out ide. Harry glanced back and  aw that it had re ealed it elf at once. They were  tanding in a dark corridor. Harry pulled Luna back into the  hadow , fumbled in the pouch around hi  neck, and took out the Marauder’  Map. Holding it clo e to hi  no e he  earched, and located hi  and Luna’  dot  at la t. “We’re up on the fifth floor,” he whi pered, watching filch moving away from them, a corridor ahead. “Come on, thi  way.” They crept off. Harry had prowled the ca tle at night many time  before, but never had hi  heart hammered that fa t, never had  o much depended on hi   afe pa age through the place. Through  quare  of moonlight upon the floor, pa t  uit  of armor who e helmet  creaked at the  ound of their  oft foot tep , around corner  beyond which who knew what lurked. Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder’  Map whenever light permitted, twice pau ing to allow a gho t to pa  without drawing attention to them elve . He expected to encounter an ob tacle at any moment; hi  wor t fear wa  Peeve , and he  trained hi  ear  with every  tep to hear the fir t, telltale  ign  of the poltergei t’  approach. “The way, Harry,” breathed Luna, plucking hi   leeve and pulling him toward a  piral  tairca e. They climbed in tight, dizzying circle ; Harry had never been up here before. At la t they reached a door. There wa  no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expan e of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the  hape an eagle. Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. She knocked once, and in the  ilence it  ounded to Harry like a cannon bla t. At once the beak of the eagle opened, but in tead of a bird’  called, a  oft, mu ical voice  aid, “Which came fir t, the phoenix or the flame?” “Hmm … What do you think, Harry?”  aid Luna, looking thoughtful. “What? I n’t there a pa word?” “Oh no, you’ve got to an wer a que tion,”  aid Luna. “What if you get it wrong?” “Well, you have to wait for  omebody who get  it right,”  aid Luna. “That way you learn, you  ee?” “Yeah … Trouble i , we can’t really afford to wait for anyone el e, Luna.” “No, I  ee what you mean,”  aid Luna  eriou ly. “Well then, I think the an wer i  that a circle ha  no beginning.” “Well rea oned,”  aid the voice, and the door  wung open. The de erted Ravenclaw common room wa  a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever  een at Hogwart . Graceful arched window  punctuated the wall , which were hung with blue-and-bronze  ilk . By day, the Ravenclaw  would have a  pectacular view of the  urrounding mountain . The ceiling wa  domed and painted with  tar , which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were table , chair , and bookca e , and in a niche oppo ite the door  tood a tall  tatue of white marble. Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bu t he had  een at Luna’  hou e. The  tatue  tood be ide a door that led, he gue ed, to dormitorie  above. He  trode right up to the marble woman, and  he  eemed to look back at him with a quizzical half  mile on her face, beautiful yet  lightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of her head. It wa  not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. There were tiny word  etched into it. Harry  tepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaw’  plinth to read them. “’Wit beyond mea ure i  man’  greate t trea ure.’” “Which make  you pretty  kint, witle ,”  aid a cackling voice. Harry whirled around,  lipped off the plinth, and landed on the floor. The  loping- houldered figure of Alecto Carrow wa   tanding before him, and even a  Harry rai ed hi  wand,  he pre ed a  tubby forefinger to the  kull and  nake branded on her forearm. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THRITY THE SACKING OF SEVERUS SNAPE The moment her finger touched the Mark, Harry'   car burned  avagely, the  tarry room vani hed from  ight, and he wa   tanding upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the  ea wa  wa hing around him and there wa  a triumph in hi  heart – They have the boy. A loud bang brought Harry back to where he  tood. Di oriented, he rai ed hi  wand, but the witch before him wa  already falling forward;  he hit the ground  o hard that the gla  in the bookca e  tinkled. “I've never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. le on ,”  aid Luna,  ounding mildly intere ted. “That wa  noi ier than I though it would be.” And  ure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble Scurrying, echoing foot tep  were growing louder from behind the door leading to the dormitorie . Luna'   pell had woken Ravenclaw   leeping above. “Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak!” Luna'  feet appeared out of nowhere,; he hurried to her  ide and  he let the Cloak fall back over them a  the door opened and a  tream of Ravenclaw , all in their nightclothe , flooded into the common room. there were ga p  and crie  of  urpri e a  they  aw Alecto lying there uncon ciou . Slowly they  huffled in around her, a  avage bea t that might wake at any moment and attack them. Then one brave little fir t-year darted up to her and prodded her back ide with hi  big toe. “I think  he might be dead!” he  houted with delight. “Oh look,” whi pered Luna happily, a  the Ravenclaw  crowded in around Alecto. “They're plea ed!” “Yeah... great... “ Harry clo ed hi  eye , and a  hi   car throbbed he cho e to  ink again into Voldemort'  mind.... He wa  moving along the tunnel into the fir t cave.... He had cho en to make  ure of the locker before coming...but that would not take him long.... There wa  a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the other  ide, Harry heard the  oft, mu ical voice that i ued from the eagle door knocker: “Where do Vani hed object  go?” “I dunno, do I? Shut it!”  narled an uncouth voice that Harry knew wa  that of the Carrow brother , Amycu , “Alecto? Alecto? Are you there? Have you got him? Open the door!” The Ravenclaw  were whi pering among t them elve , terrified. Then without warning, there came a  erie  of loud bang , a  though  omebody wa  firing a gun into the door. “ALECTO! If he come , and we haven't got Potter --d'you want to go the  ame way a  the Malfoy ? ANSWER ME!” Amycu  bellowed,  haking the door for all he wa  worth, but  till it did not open. The Ravenclaw  were all backing away, and  ome of the mo t frightened began  campering back up the  tair ca e to their bed . Then, ju t a  Harry wa  wondering whether he ought not to bla t open the door and Stun Amycu  before the Death Eater could do anything el e, a  econd, mo t familiar voice rang out beyond the door. “May I a k what you are doing, Profe or Carrow?” “Trying—to get-- through thi  damned-- door!”  houted Amycu . “Go and get Flitwick! Get him to open it, now!” “But i n't your  i ter in there” a ked Profe or McGonagall. “Didn't Profe or Flitwick let her in earlier thi  evening, at your urgent reque t? Perhap   he could open the door for you? Then you needn't wake up half the ca tle.” “She ain't an wering, you old be om! You open it! Garn! Do it, now!” “Certainly, if you wi h it,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, with awful coldne , There wa  a genteel tap of the knocker and the mu ical voice a ked again. “Where do Vani hed object  go?” “Into non being, which i  to  ay, everything,” replied Profe or McGonagall. “Nicely phra ed,” replied the eagle door knocker, and the door  wung open. The few Ravenclaw  who had remained behind  printed for the  tair  a  Amycu  bur t over the thre hold, brandi hing hi  wand. Hunched like hi   i ter, he had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eye , which fell at once on Alecto,  prawled motionle  on the floor. He let out a yell of fury and fear. “What've they done, the little whelp ?” he  creamed. “I'll Cruciate the lot of 'em till they tell me who did it---and what'  the Dark Lord going to  ay?” he  hrieked,  tanding over hi   i ter and  macking him elf on the forehead with hi  fi t, “We haven't got him, and they've gone and killed her!” “She'  only Stunned,”  aid Profe or McGonagall impatiently, who had  tooped down to examine Alecto. “She'll be perfectly all right.” “No  he bludgering well won't!” bellowed Amycu . “Not after the Dark Lord get  hold of her! She'  gone and  ent for him, I felt me Mark burn, and he think  we've got Potter!” “'Got Potter'?”  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply, “What do you mean, 'got Potter'?” “He told u  Potter might try and get in ide Ravenclaw Tower, and to  end for him if we caught him!” “Why would Harry Potter try to get in ide Ravenclaw Tower! Potter belong  in my Hou e!” Beneath the di belief and anger, Harry heard a little  train of pride in her voice and affection for Minerva McGonagall gu hed up in ide him. “We wa  told he might come in here!”  aid Carrow. “I dunno why, do I?” Profe or McGonagall  tood up and her beady eye   wept the room. Twice they pa ed right over the place where Harry and Luna  tood. “We can pu h it off on the kid ,”  aid Amycu , hi  pig like face  uddenly crafty. “Yeah, that'  what we'll do. We'll  ay Alecto wa  ambu hed by the kid , them kid  up there” -- he looked up at the  tarry ceiling toward the dormitorie  -- “ and we'll  ay they forced her to pre  her Mark, and that'  why he got a fal e alarm.... He can puni h them. Couple of kid  more or le , what'  the difference?” “Only the difference between truth and lied, courage and cowardice,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, who had turned pale, “a difference, in  hort, which you and your  i ter  eem unable to appreciate. But let me make one thing very clear. You are not going to pa  off y9our many ineptitude  on the  tudent  of Hogwart . I  hall not permit it.” “Excu e me?” Amycu  moved forward until he wa  offen ively clo e to Profe or McGonagall, hi  face within inche  of her . She refu ed to back away, but looked down at him a  if he were  omething di gu ting  he had found  tuck to the lavatory  eat. “It'  not a ca e of what you'll permit, Minerva McGonagall. Your time'  over. It'  u  what'  in charge here now, and you'll back me up or you'll pay the price.” And he  pat in her face. Harry pulled the Cloak off him elf, rai ed hi  wand, and  aid, “You  houldn't have done that.” A  Amycu   pun around, Harry  houted, “Crucio!” The Death Eater wa  lifted off hi  feet. He writhed through the air like a drowning man, thra hing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a  hattering of gla , he  ma hed into the front of a bookca e and crumpled, in en ible, to the floor. “I  ee what Bellatrix meant,”  aid Harry, the blood thundering through hi  brain, “you need to really mean it.” “Potter!” whi pered Profe or McGonagall, clutching her heart. “Potter--- you're here! What---? How---?” She  truggled to pull her elf together. “Potter, that wa  fooli h!” “He  pat at you,”  aid Harry. “Potter, I --- that wa  very --- gallant of you --- but don't you realize --?” “Yeah, I do,” Harry a ured her. Somehow her panic  teadied him. “Profe or McGonagall, Voldemort'  on the way.” “Oh, are we allowed to  ay the name now?” a ked Luna with an air of intere t, pulling off the Invi ibility Cloak. The appearance of a  econd outlaw  eemed to overwhelm Profe or McGonagall, who  taggered backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of her old tartan dre ing gown. “I don't think it make  any difference what we call him,” Harry told Luna. “He already know  where I am.” In a di tant part of Harry'  brain, that part connected to the angry, burning  car, he could  ee Voldemort  ailing fa t over the dark lake in the gho tly green boat.... He had nearly reached the i land where the  tone ba in  tood.... “You mu t flee,” whi pered Profe or McGonagall, “Now Potter, a  quickly a  you can!” “I can't,”  aid Harry, “There'   omething I need to do. Profe or,  o you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw i ?” “The d-diadem of Ravenclaw? Of cour e not --- ha n't it been lo t for centurie ?” She  at up a little  traighter “Potter, it wa  madne , utter madne , for you to enter thi  ca tle---” “I had to,”  aid Harry. “Profe or, there'   omething hidden here that I'm  uppo ed to find, and it could be the diadem--- if I could ju t  peak to Profe or Flitwick---” There wa  a  ound of movement, of clinking gla . Amycu  wa  coming round. Before Harry or Luna could act, Profe or McGonagall ro e to her feet, pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and  aid, “Imperio.” Amycu  got up, walked over to hi   i ter, picked up her wand, then  huffled obediently to Profe or McGonagall and handed it over along with hi  own. Then he lay down on the floor be ide Alecto. Profe or McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of  himmering  ilver rope appeared out of thin air and  naked around the Carrow , binding them tightly together. “Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, turning to face him again with  uperb indifference to the Carrow ' predicament. “if He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named doe  indeed know that you are here---” A   he  aid it, a wrath that wa  like phy ical pain blazed through Harry,  etting hi   car on fire, and for a  econd he looked down upon a ba in who e potion had turned clear, and  aw that no golden locket lay  afe beneath the  urface---. “Potter, are you all right.”  aid a voice, and Harry came back. He wa  clutching Luna'   houlder to  teady him elf. “Time'  running out, Voldemort'  getting nearer, Profe or, I'm acting on Dumbledore'  order , I mu t find what he wanted me to find! But we've got to get the  tudent  out while I'm  earching the ca tle--- It'  me Voldemort want , but he won't care about killing a few more or le , not now---” not now he know  I'm attacking Horcruxe , Harry fini hed the  entence in hi  head. “You're acting on Dumbledore'  order ?”  he repeated with a look of dawning wonder. Then  he drew her elf up to her fulle t height. “We  hall  ecure the  chool again t He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named while you  earch for thi  --- thi  object.” “I  that po ible?” “I think  o,”  aid Profe or McGonagall dryly, “we teacher  are rather good at magic, you know. I am  ure we will be able to hold him off for a while if we all put our be t effort  into it. Of cour e,  omething will have to be done about Profe or Snape---” “Let me ---” “---and if Hogwart  i  about to enter a  tate of  iege, with the Dark Lord at the gate , it would indeed be advi able to take a  many innocent people out of the way a  po ible. With the Floo Network under ob ervation, and Apparition impo ible within the ground ---” “There'  a way,”  aid Harry quickly, and he explained about the pa ageway leading into the Hog'  Head. “Potter, we're talking about hundred  of  tudent ---” “I know, Profe or, but if Voldemort and the Death Eater  are concentrating on the  chool boundarie  they won't be intere ted in anyone who'  Di apparating out of Hog'  Head.” “There'   omething in that,”  he agreed. She pointed her wand at the Carrow , and a  ilver net fell upon their bound bodie , tied it elf around them, and hoi ted them into the air, where they dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large, ugly  ea creature . “Come. We mu t alert the other Head  of Hou e. You'd better put that Cloak back on.” She marched toward the door, and a   he did  o  he rai ed her wand. From the tip bur t three  ilver cat  with  pectacle marking  around their eye . the Patronu e  ran  leekly ahead, filling the  piral  tairca e with  ilvery light, a  Profe or McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down. Along the corridor  they raced, and one by one the Patronu e  left them. Profe or McGonagall'  tartan dre ing gown ru tled over the floor, and Harry and Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak. They had de cended two more floor  when another  et of quiet joined their . Harry, who e  car wa   till prickling, heard them fir t. He felt in the pouch around hi  neck for the Marauder'  Map, but before he could take it our, McGonagall too  eemed to become aware of their company. She halted, rai ed her wand ready to duel, and  aid, “Who'  there?” “It i  I,”  aid a low voice. From behind a  uit of armor  tepped Severu  Snape. Hatred boiled up in Harry at the  ight of him. He had forgotten the detail  of Snape'  appearance in the magnitude of hi  crime , forgotten how hi  grea y black hair hung in curtain  around hi  thin face, how hi  black eye  had a dead, cold look. He wa  not wearing nightclothe , but wa  dre ed in hi  u ual black cloak, and he too wa  holding hi  wand ready for a fight. “Where are the Carrow ?” he a ked quietly. “Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severu ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. Snape  tepped nearer, and hi  eye  flitted over Profe or McGonagall into the air around her, a  if he knew that Harry wa  there. Harry held hi  wand up too, ready to attack. “I wa  under the impre ion,”  aid Snape, “That Alecto had apprehended an intruder.” “Really?”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “And what gave you that impre ion?” Snape mad a  light flexing movement of hi  left arm, where the Dark Mark wa  branded into hi   kin. “Oh, but naturally,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “You Death Eater  have your own private mean  of communication, I forgot.” Snape pretended not to have heard her. Hi  eye  were  till probing the air all about her, and he wa  moving gradually clo er, with an air of hardly noticing what he wa  doing. “I did not know that it wa  your night to patrol the corridor  Minerva.” “You have  ome objection?” “I wonder what could have brought you out of our bed at thi  late hour?” “I thought I heard a di turbance,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Really? But all  eem  calm.” Snape looked into her eye . “Have you  een Harry Potter, Minerva? Becau e if you have. I mu t in i t---” Profe or McGonagall moved fa ter than Harry could have believed. Her wand  la hed through the air and for a  plit  econd Harry thought that Snape mu t crumple, uncon ciou , but the  wiftne  of hi  Shield Charm wa   uch that McGonagall wa  thrown off balance. =She brandi hed her wand at a touch on the wall and it flew out of it  bracket. Harry, about to cur e Snape, wa  forced to pull Luna out of the way of the de cending flame , which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a la o at Snape--- Then it wa  no longer fire, but a great black  erpent that McGonagall bla ted to  moke, which re-formed and  olidified in  econd  to become a  warm of pur uing dagger . Snape avoided them only by forcing the  uit of armor in front of him, and with echoing clang  the dagger   ank, one after another, into it  brea t--- “Minerva!”  aid a  queaky voice, and looking behind him,  till  hielding Luna from flying  pell , Harry  aw Profe or  Flitwick and Sprout  printing up the corridor toward them in their nightclothe , with the enormou  Profe or Slughorn panting along at the rear. “No!”  quealed Flitwick, rai ing hi  wand. “You'll do no more murder at Hogwart !” Flitwick'   pell hit the  uit of armor behind which Snape had taken  helter. With a clatter it came to life. Snape  truggled free of the cru hing arm  and  ent it flying back toward hi  attacker . Harry and Luna had to dive  ideway  to avoid it a  it  ma hed into the wall and  hattered. When Harry looked up again, Snape wa  in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering after him. He hurtled through a cla room door and, moment  later, he heard McGonagall cry, “Coward! COWARD!” “What'  happened, what'  happened?” a ked Luna. Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the Invi ibility Cloak behind them, into the de erted cla room where Profe or  McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were  tanding at a  ma hed window. “He jumped,”  aid Profe or McGonagall a  Harry and Luna ran into the room. “You mean he'  dead?” Harry  printed to the window, ignoring Flitwick'  and Sprout'  yell  of  hock at hi   udden appearance. “No, he'  not dead,”  aid McGonagall bitterly. “Unlike Dumbledore, he wa   till carrying a wand... and he  eem  to have learned a few trick  from hi  ma ter.” With a tingle of horror, Harry  aw in the di tance a huge, bat like  hape flying through the darkne  toward the perimeter wall. There were heavy footfall  behind them, and a great deal of puffing. Slughorn had ju t caught up. “Harry!” he panted, ma aging hi  immen e che t beneath hi  emerald-green  ilk pajama . “My dear boy... what a  urpri e...Minerva, do plea e explain...Severu ...what...?” “Our headma ter i  taking a  hort break,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, pointing at the Snape- haped hole in the window. “Profe or!” Harry  houted hi  hand on hi  forehead, He could  ee the Inferi-filled lake  liding beneath him, and he felt a gho tly green boat bump into the underground  hore, and Voldemort lept from it with murder in hi  heart--- “Profe or, we've got to barricade the  chool, he'  coming now!” “Very well. He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named i  coming,”  he told the other teacher . Sprout and Flitwick ga ped. Slughorn let out a low groan. “Potter ha  work to do in the ca tle on Dumbledore'  order . We need to put in place every protection of which we are capable while Potter doe  what he need  to do.” “You realize , of cour e, that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely?”  queaked Flitwick. “But we can hold him up.”  aid Profe or Sprout. “Thank you, Pomona,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, and between the two witche  there pa ed a look of grim under tanding. I  ugge t we e tabli h ba ic protection around the place, then gather our  tudent  and meet in the Great Hall. Mo t mu t be evacuated, though if any of tho e who are over age wi h to  tay and fight, I think they ought to be given the chance.” “Agreed,”  aid Profe or Sprout, already hurrying toward the door. “I  hall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minute  with my Hou e.” And a   he jogged out of  ight, they could hear her muttering, “Tentacula, Devil'  Snare. And Snargaluff pod ...ye , I'd like to  ee the Death Eater  fighting tho e.” I can act from here,”  aid Flitwick, and although he could barely  ee out of it, he pointed hi  wand through the  ma hed window and  tarted muttering incantation  of great complexity. Harry heard a weird ru hing noi e, a  though Flitwick had unlea hed the power of the wind into the ground . “Profe or,” Harry  aid, approaching the little Charm  ma ter. “Profe or, I'm  orry to interrupt, but thi  i  important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw i ?” “---Protego Horribilli ---the diadem of Ravenclaw?”  queaked Flitwick. “A little extra wi dom never goe  ami , Potter, but I hardly think it would be much u e in thi   ituation!” “I only meant --- do you know where it i ? Have you ever  een it?” “Seen it” Nobody ha   een it in living memory! Long  ince lo t, boy.” Harry felt a mixture of de perate di appointment and panic. What, then, wa  the Horcrux? “We  hall meet you and your Ravenclaw  in the Great Hall, Filiu !”  aid Profe or McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her. They had ju t reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into  peech. “My word,” he puffed, pale and  weaty, hi  walru  mu tache aquiver. “What a to-do! I'm not at all  ure whether thi  i  wi e, Minerva. He i  bound to find a way in, you know, and anyone who ha  tried to delay him will be in the mo t grievou  peril---” “I  hall expect you and the Slytherin  in the Great Hall in twenty minute  al o.”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “If you wi h to leave with your  tudent , we  hall not  top you. But if any of you attempt to  abotage our re i tance or take up arm  again t u  within thi  ca tle, then, Horace, we duel to kill.” “Minerva!” he  aid, agha t. “The time ha  come for Slytherin Hou e to decide upon it  loyaltie ,” interrupted Profe or McGonagall. “Go and wake your  tudent , Horace.” Harry did not  tay to watch Slughorn  plutter. He and Luna  tayed after Profe or McGonagall, who had taken up a po ition in the middle of the corridor and rai ed her wand. “Piertotum---oh, for heaven'   ake, Filch, not now---” The aged caretaker had ju t come hobbling into view,  houting “Student  out of bed! Student  in the corridor !” “They're  uppo ed to be you blithering idiot!”  houted McGonagall. “Now go and do  omething con tructive! Find Peeve !” 'P-Peeve ?”  tammered Filch a  though he had never heard the name before. “Ye , Peeve , you fool, Peeve ! Haven't you been complaining about him for a quarter of a century? Go and fetch him, at once. Filch evidently thought Profe or McGonagall had taken leave of her  en e , but hobbled away, hunch- houldered, muttering under hi  breath. “And now---Piertotum Locomator!” cried Profe or McGonagall. And all along the corridor the  tatue  and  uit  of armor jumped down from their plinth , and from the echoing cra he  from the floor  above and below, Harry knew that their fellow  throughout the ca tle had done the  ame. “Hogwart  i  threatened!”  houted Profe or McGonagall. “Man the boundarie , protect u , do your duty to our  chool!” Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving  tatue   tampeded pa t Harry,  ome of them  maller, other  larger than life. There were animal  too, and the clanking  uit  of armor brandi hed  word  and  piked ball  on chain . “Now, Potter,”  aid McGonagall., “you and Mi  Lovegood had better return to your friend  and bring them to the Great Hall --- I  hall rou e the other Gryffindor .” They parted at the top of the next  tairca e, Harry and Luna turning back toward the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. A  they ran, they met crowd  of  tudent , mo t wearing traveling cloak  over their pajama , being  hepherded down to the Great Hall by teacher  and prefect . “That wa  Potter!” “Harry Potter!” “It wa  him, I  wear, I ju t  aw him!” “But Harry did not look back, and at la t they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement, Harry leaned again t the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and he and Luna  ped back down the  teep  tairca e. “Wh--?” A  the room came into view, Harry  lipped down a few  tair  in  hock. It wa  packed, far more crowded than when he had la t been in there. King ley and Lupin were looking up at him, a  were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina John on and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mr . Wea ley. “Harry, what'  happening?”  aid Lupin, meeting him at the foot of the  tair . “Voldemort'  on hi  way, they're barricading he  chool---Snape'  run for it---What are you doing here? How did you know? “We  ent me age  to the re t of Dumbledore'  Army,” Fred explained. “You couldn't expect everyone to mi  the fun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the Phoenix know, and it all kind of  nowballed.” “What fir t, Harry?” called George. “What'  going on?” “They're evacuating the younger kid  and everyone'  meeting in the Great Hall to get organized,” Harry  aid. “We're fighting.” There wa  a great roar and a  urge toward the  tair , he wa  pre ed back again t he wall a  they ran pa t hi, the mingled member  of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore'  Army, and Harry'  old Quidditch team, all with their wand  drawn, heading up into the main ca tle. “Come on, Luna,” Dean called a  he pa ed, holding out hi  free hand,  he took it and followed him back up the  tair . The crowd wa  thinning. Only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement, and Harry joine3d them. Mr . Wea ley wa   truggling with Ginny. Around them  tood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill and Fleur. “You're underage!” Mr . Wea ley  houted at her daughter a  Harry approached “I won't permit it! The boy , ye , but you, you've got to go home!” “I won't!” “Ginny'  hair flew a   he pulled her arm out of her mother'  grip. “I'm in Dumbledore'  Army---” “A teenager ' gang!” “A teenager ' gang that'  about to take him on, which no one el e ha  dared to do!”  aid Fred. “She'   ixteen!”  houted Mr . Wea ley. “She'  not old enough! What you two were thinking bringing her with you—-” Fred and George looked  lightly a hamed of them elve . Mom'  right, Ginny,”  aid Bill gently. “You can't do thi . Everyone underage will have to leave, it'  only right.” “I can't go home!” Ginny  houted, angry tear   parkling in her eye . “my whole family'  here, I can't  tand waiting there alone and not knowing and --” Her eye  met Harry'  for the fir t time. She looked at him be eechingly, but he  hook hi  head and  he turned away bitterly. “Fine,”  he  aid,  taring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog'  Head. “I'll  ay good-by now, then, and---” There wa  a  cuffling and a great thump. Someone el e had clambered out of the tunnel, overbalanced  lightly, and fallen. He pulled him elf up no the neare t chair, looked around through lop ided horn-rimmed gla e , and  aid, “Am I too late? Ha  it  tarted. I only ju t found out,  o I --- I ---” Percy  pluttered into  ilence. Evidently he had not expected to run into mo t of hi  family. There wa  a long moment of a toni hment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and  aying, in a wildly tran parent attempt to break the ten ion. “So--- 'ow eez leetle Teddy?” Lupin blinked at her,  tartled. The  ilence between the Wea ley   eemed to be  olidifying, like ice. “I --- oh ye --- he'  fine!” Lupin  aid loudly. “ye , Tonk  i  with him--- at her mother'  ---” Percy and the other Wea ley  were  till  taring at one another, frozen. “Here, I've got a picture?” Lupin  houted, pulling a photograph from in ide hi  jacket and  howing it to Fleur and Harry, who  aw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoi e hair, waving fat fi t  at the camera. “I wa  a fool!” Percy roared,  o loudly that Lupin nearly dropped hi  photograph. “I wa  an idiot, I wa  a pompou  prat, I wa  a – a --” “Mini try-loving, family-di owning, power-hungry moron,”  aid Fred. Percy  wallowed. “Ye , I wa !” “Well, you can't  ay fairer than that,”  aid Fred, holding hi  hand out to Percy. Mr . Wea ley bur t into tear ,. She ran forward, pu hed Fred a ide, and pulled Percy into a  trangling hug, while he patted her on the back, hi  eye  on hi  father. “I'm  orry, Dad,” Percy  aid. Mr. Wea ley blinked rather rapidly, then he too hurried to hug hi   on. “What made you  ee  en e, Perce?” inquired George. “It'  been coming on for a while,”  aid Percy, mopping hi  eye  under hi  gla e  with a corner of hi  traveling cloak. “But I had to find a way out and it'  not  o ea y at the Mini try, they're impri oning traitor  all the time. I managed to make contact with Aberforth and he tipped me off ten minute  ago that Hogwart  wa  going to make a fight of it,  o here I am.” “Well, we do look to our prefect  to take a lead at time   uch a  the e,”  aid George in a good imitation of Percy'  mo t pompou  manner. “Now let'  get up tair  and fight, or all the good Death Eater 'll be taken.” “So, you're my  i ter in-law now?” Said Percy,  haking hand  with Fleur a  they hurried off toward the  tairca e with Bill, Fred, and George. “Ginny!” barked Mr . Wea ley. Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliation  to  neak up tair  too. “Molly, how about thi ,”  aid Lupin. “Why doe n't Ginny  tay here , then at lea t  he'll be on the  cene and know what'  going on, but  he won't be in the middle of the fighting?” “I---” “That'  a good idea,”  aid Mr. Wea ley firmly, “ Ginny, you  tay in thi  room, you hear me?” Ginny did not  eem to like the idea much, but under her father'  unu ually  tern gaze,  he nodded. Mr. and Mr . Wea ley and Lupin headed off to the  tair  a  well. “Where'  Ron?” a ked Harry, “Where'  Hermione?” “They mu t have gone up the Great Hall already,” Mr. Wea ley called over hi   houlder. “ I didn't  ee them pa  me,”  aid Harry. “They  aid  omething about a bathroom,”  aid Ginny, “not long after you left.” “A bathroom?” Harry  trode acro  the room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. It wa  empty. “You're  ure they  aid bath---?” But then hi   car  eared and the Room of Req1uirement vani hed. He wa  looking through the high wrought-iron gate  with winged boat  on pillar  at either  ide, looking through the dark ground  toward the ca tle, which wa  ablaze with light . Nagini lay draped over hi   houlder . He wa  po e ed of that cold, cruel  en e of purpo e that preceded murder. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRDTY-ONE THE BATTLE OF HOGWARTS The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall wa  dark and  cattered with  tar , and below it the four long Hou e table  were lined with di heveled  tudent ,  ome in traveling cloak , other  in dre ing gown . Here and there  hone the pearly white figure  of the  chool gho t . Every eye, living and dead wa  fixed upon Profe or McGonagall, who wa   peaking from the rai ed platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her  tood the remaining teache , including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the member  of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight. "...evacuation will be over een by Mr. Filch and Madame Pomfrey. Prefect , when I give the word, you will organize your Hou e and take your charge  in orderly fa hion to the evacuation point. Many of the  tudent  looked petrified. However, a  Harry  kirted the wall ,  canning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan  tood up at the Hufflepuff table and  houted; “And what if we want to  tay and fight?” There wa  a  mattering of applau e. “If you are of age, you may  tay.”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “What about our thing ?” called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. “Our trunk , our owl ?” “We have no time to collect po e ion .”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “The important thing i  to get you out of here  afely.” “Where'  Profe or Snape?”  houted a girl from the Slytherin table. “He ha , to u e the common phra e, done a bunk.” replied Profe or McGonagall and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindor , Hufflepuff , and Ravenclaw . Harry moved up the Hall along ide the Gryffindor table,  till looking for Ron and Hermione. A  he pa ed, face  turned in hi  direction, and a great deal of whi pering broke out in hi  wake. “We have already placed protection around the ca tle,” Profe or McGonagall wa   aying, “but it i  unlikely to hold for very long unle  we reinforce it. I mu t a k you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do a  your prefect  -” But her final word  were drowned a  a different voice echoed throughout the Hall. It wa  high, cold, and clear. There wa  no telling from where it came. It  eemed to i ue from the wall  them elve . Like the mon ter it had once commanded, it might have lain dormant there for centurie . “I know that you are preparing to fight.” There were  cream  among t the  tudent ,  ome of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the  ource of the  ound. “Your effort  are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great re pect for the teacher  of Hogwart . I do not want to  pill magical blood.” There wa   ilence in the Hall now, the kind of  ilence that pre e  again t the eardrum , that  eem  too huge to be contained by wall . “Give me Harry Potter,”  aid Voldemort'  voice, "and they  hall not be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I  hall leave the  chool untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded. “You have until midnight.” The  ilence  wallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place  eemed to have found Harry, to hold him forever in the glare of thou and  of invi ible beam . Then a figure ro e from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pan y Parkin on a   he rai ed a  haking arm and  creamed, “But he'  there! Potter'  there. Someone grab him!” Before Harry could  peak, there wa  a ma ive movement. The Gryffindor  in front of him had ri en and  tood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherin . Then the Hufflepuff   tood, and almo t at the  ame moment, the Ravenclaw , all of them with their back  to Harry, all of them looking toward Pan y in tead, and Harry, awe truck and overwhelmed,  aw wand  emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloak  and from under  leeve . “Thank you, Mi  Parkin on.”  aid Profe or McGonagall in a clipped voice. “You will leave the Hall fir t with Mr. Filch. If the re t of your Hou e could follow.” Harry heard the grinding of the benche  and then the  ound of the Slytherin  trooping out on the other  ide of the Hall. “Ravenclaw , follow on!” cried Profe or McGonagall. Slowly the four table  emptied. The Slytherin table wa  completely de erted, but a number of older Ravenclaw  remained  eated while their fellow  filed out; even more Hufflepuff   tayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their  eat , nece itating Profe or McGonagall'  de cent from the teacher ' platform to chivvy the underage on their way. “Ab olutely not, Creevey, go! And you, Peake !” Harry hurried over to the Wea ley , all  itting together at the Gryffindor table. “Where are Ron and Hermione?” “Haven't you found -?” began Mr. Wea ley, looking worried. But he broke off a  King ley had  tepped forward on the rai ed platform to addre  tho e who had remained behind. “We've only got half an half an hour until midnight,  o we need to act fa t. A battle plan ha  been agreed between the teacher  of Hogwart  and the Order of the Phoenix. Profe or  Flitwick, Sprout and McGonagall are going to take group  of fighter  up to the three highe t tower  - Ravenclaw, A tronomy, and Gryffindor - where they'll have good overview, excellent po ition  from which to work  pell . Meanwhile Remu ” - he indicated Lupin - “Arthur” - he pointed toward Mr. Wea ley,  itting at the Gryffindor table - “and I will take group  into the ground . We'll need  omebody to organize defen e of the entrance  or the pa ageway  into the  chool -” “Sound  like a job for u .” called Fred, indicating him elf and George, and King ley nodded hi  approval. “All right, leader  up here and we'll divide up the troop !” “Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, hurrying up to him, a   tudent  flooded the platform, jo tling for po ition, receiving in truction , “Aren't you  uppo ed to be looking for  omething?” “What? Oh,”  aid Harry, “oh yeah!” He had almo t forgotten about the Horcrux, almo t forgotten that the battle wa  being fought  o that he could  earch for it: The inexplicable ab ence of Ron and Hermione had momentarily driven every other thought from hi  mind. “Then go, Potter, go!” “Right - yeah -” He  en ed eye  following him a  he ran out of the Great Hall again, into the entrance hall  till crowded with evacuating  tudent . He allowed him elf to be  wept up the marble  tairca e with them, but at the top he hurried off along a de erted corridor. Fear and panic were clouding hi  thought proce e . He tried to calm him elf, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but hi  thought  buzzed a  frantically and fruitle ly a  wa p  trapped beneath a gla . Without Ron and Hermione to help him he could not  eem to mar hal hi  idea . He  lowed down, coming to a halt halfway along a pa age, where he  at down on the plinth of a departed  tatue and pulled the Marauder'  Map out of the pouch around hi  neck. He could not  ee Ron'  of Hermione'  name  anywhere on it, though the den ity of the crowd of dot  now making it  way to the Room of Requirement might, he thought, be concealing them. He put the map away, pre ed hi  hand  over hi  face, and clo ed hi  eye , trying to concentrate. Voldemort thought I'd go to Ravenclaw Tower. There it wa , a  olid fact, the place to  tart. Voldemort had  tationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could be only one explanation; Voldemort feared that Harry already knew hi  Horcrux wa  connected to that Hou e. But the only object anyone  eemed to a ociate with Ravenclaw wa  the lo t diadem... and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How wa  it po ible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generation  of Ravenclaw ? Who could have told him where to look, when nobody had  een the diadem in living memory? In living memory... Beneath hi  finger , Harry'  eye  flew open again. He leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way he had come, now in pur uit of hi  one la t hope. The  ound of hundred  of people marching toward the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder a  he returned to the marble  tair . Prefect  were  houting in truction , trying to keep track of the  tudent  in their own hou e , there wa  much pu hing and  houting; Harry  aw Zacharia  Smith bowling over fir t year  to get to the front of the queue, here and there younger  tudent  were in tear , while older one  called de perately for friend  or  ibling . Harry caught  ight of a pearly white figure drifting acro  the entrance hall below and yelled a  loudly a  he could over the clamor. “Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!” He forced hi  way back through the tide of  tudent , finally reaching the bottom of the  tair , where Nearly Headle  Nick, gho t of Gryffindor Tower,  tood waiting for him. “Harry! My dear boy!” Nick made to gra p Harry'  hand  with both of hi  own; Harry felt a  though they had been thru t into icy water. “Nick, you've got to help me. Who'  the gho t of Ravenclaw Tower?” Nearly Headle  Nick looked  urpri ed and a little offended. “The Gray Lady, of cour e; but if it i  gho tly  ervice  you require -?” “It'  got to be her - d'you know where  he i ?” “Let'   ee...” Nick'  head wobbled a little on hi  ruff a  he turned hither and thither, peering over the head  of the  warming  tudent . “That'  her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.” Harry looked in the direction of Nick'  tran parent, pointing finger and  aw a tall gho t who caught  ight of Harry looking at her, rai ed her eyebrow , and drifted away through a  olid wall. Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the corridor into which  he had di appeared, he  aw her at the very end of the pa age,  till gliding  moothly away from him. “hey - wait - come back!” She con ented to pau e, floating a few inche  from the ground. Harry  uppo ed that  he wa  beautiful, with her wai t-length hair and floor-length cloak, but  he al o looked haughty and proud. Clo e in, he recognized her a  a gho t he had pa ed  everal time  in the corridor, but to whom he had never  poken. “You're the Gray Lady?” She nodded but did not  peak. “The gho t of Ravenclaw Tower?” “That i  correct.” Her tone wa  not encouraging. “Plea e, I need  ome help. I need to know anything you can tell me about the lo t diadem.” A cold  mile curved her lip . “I am afraid,”  he  aid, turning to leave, “that I cannot help you.” “WAIT!” He had not meant to  hout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm him. He glanced at hi  watch a   he hovered in front of him. It wa  a quarter to midnight. “Thi  i  urgent.” he  aid fiercely. “If that diadem'  at Hogwart , I've got to find it, fa t.” “You are hardly the fir t  tudent to covet the diadem.”  he  aid di dainfully. “Generation  of  tudent  have badgered me -” “Thi  i n't about trying to get better mark !” Harry  houted at her, “It'  about Voldemort - defeating Voldemort - or aren't you intere ted in that?” She could not blu h, but her tran parent cheek  became more opaque, and her voice wa  heated a   he replied, “Of cour e I - how dare you  ugge t -?” “Well, help me then!” Her compo ure wa   lipping. “It - it i  not a que tion of -”  he  tammered. My mother'  diadem -" “Your mother' ?” She looked angry with her elf. “When I lived,”  he  aid  tiffly, “I wa  Helena Ravenclaw.” “You're her daughter? But then, you mu t know what happed to it.” “While the diadem be tow  wi dom,”  he  aid with an obviou  effort to pull her elf together, “I doubt that it would greatly increa e you chance  of defeating the wizard who call  him elf Lord -” Haven't I told you, I'm not intere ted in wearing it!“ Harry  aid fiercely. ”There'  no time to explain - but if you care about Hogwart , if you want to  ee Voldemort fini hed, you've got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!" She remained quite  till, floating in midair,  taring down at him, and a  en e of hopele ne  engulfed Harry. Of cour e, if  he had known anything,  he would have told Flitwick of Dumbledore, who had  urely a ked her the  ame que tion. He had  haken hi  head and made to turn away when  he  poke in a low voice. “I  tole the diadem from my mother.” “You - you did what?” “I  tole the diadem.” repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whi per. “I  ought to make my elf cleverer, more important than my mother. I ran away with it.” He did not know how he had managed to gain her confidence and did not a k, he  imply li tened, hard, a   he went on. "My mother, they  ay, never admitted that the diadem wa  gone, but pretended that  he had it  till. She concealed her lo , my dreadful betrayal, even from the other founder  of Hogwart . “Then my mother fell ill - fatally ill. In  pite of my perfidy,  he wa  de perate to  ee me one more time. She  ent a man who had long loved me, though I  purned hi  advance , to find me. She knew that he would not re t until he had done  o.” Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back her head. “He tracked me to the fore t where I wa  hiding. When I refu ed to return with him, he became violent. The baron wa  alway  a hot-tempered man. Furiou  at my refu al, jealou  of my freedom, he  tabbed me.” “The Baron? You mean -?” “he Bloody Baron, ye ,”  aid the Gray Lady, and  he lifted a ide the cloak  he wore to reveal a  ingle dark wound in her white che t. When he  aw what he had done, he wa  overcome with remor e. He took the weapon that had claimed my life, and u ed it to kill him elf. All the e centurie  later, he wear  hi  chain  a  an act of penitence ... a  he  hould."  he added bitterly. “And - and the diadem?” “It remained where I had hidden it when I heard the Baron blundering through the fore t toward me. Concealed in ide a hollow tree.” “A hollow tree?” repeated Harry. “What tree? Where wa  thi ?” “A fore t in Albania. A lonely place I thought wa  far beyond my mother'  reach.” “Albania,” repeated Harry. Sen e wa  emerging miraculou ly from confu ion, and now he under tood why  he wa  telling him what  he had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. “You've already told  omeone thi   tory, haven't you? Another  tudent?” She clo ed her eye  and nodded. “I had... no idea... He wa  flattering. He  eemed to... under tand... to  ympathize...” Ye , Harry thought. Tom Riddle would certainly have under tood Helena Ravenclaw'  de ire to po e  fabulou  object  to which  he had little right. “Well, you weren't the fir t per on Riddle wormed thing  out of.” Harry muttered. “He could be charming when he wanted...” So, Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of the lo t diadem out of the Gray Lady. He had traveled to that far-flung fore t and retrieved the diadem from it  hiding place, perhap  a   oon a  he left Hogwart , before he even  tarted work at Borgin and Burke . And wouldn't tho e  ecluded Albanian wood  have  eemed an excellent refuge when,  o much later, Voldemort and needed a place to lie low, undi turbed, for ten long year ? But the diadem, once it became hi  preciou  Horcrux, had not been left in that lowly tree. . . . No, the diadem had been returned  ecretly to it  true home, and Voldemort mu t have put it there – “—the night he a ked for a job!”  aid Harry, fini hing hi  thought. “I beg your pardon?” “He hid the diadem in the ca tle, the night he a ked Dumbledore to let him teach!”  aid Harry. Saying it out loud enabled him to make  en e of it all. “He mu t’ve hidden the diadem on hi  way up to, or down from, Dumbledore’  office! But it wa  well worth trying to get the job – then he might’ve got the chance to nick Gryffindor’   word a  well – thank you, thank !” Harry left her floating there, looking utterly bewildered. A  he rounded the corner back into the entrance hall, he checked hi  watch. It wa  five minute  until midnight, and though he now knew what the la t Horcrux wa , he wa  no clo er to di covering where it wa . . . Generation  of  tudent  had failed to find the diadem; that  ugge ted that it wa  not in Ravenclaw Tower – but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle di covered in ide Hogwart  Ca tle, that he believed would remain  ecret forever? Lo t in de perate  peculation, Harry turned a corner, but he had taken only a few  tep  down the new corridor when the window to hi  left broke open with a deafening,  hattering cra h. A  he leapt a ide, a gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the oppo ite wall. Something large and furry detached it elf, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung it elf at Harry. “Hagrid!” Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound’  attention  a  the enormou  bearded figure clambered to hi  feet “What the --?” “Harry, yer here! Yer here!” Hagrid  tooped down, be towed upon Harry a cur ory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the  hattered window. “Good boy, Grawpy!” he bellowed through the hole in the window. “I’ll  e yer in a moment, there’  a good lad!” Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry  aw bur t  of light in the di tance and heard a weird, keening  cream. He looked down at hi  watch: It wa  midnight. The battle had begun. “Blimey, Harry,” panted Hagrid, “thi  i  it, eh? Time ter fight?” “Hagrid, where have you come from?” “Heard You-Know-Who from up in our cave,”  aid Hagrid grimly. “Voice carried, didn’t it? ‘Yet got till midnight ter gimme Potter.’ Knew yeh mu ’ be here, knew that mu ’ be happenin’. Get down, Fang. So we come ter join in, me an’ Grawpy an’ Fang. Sma hed our way through the boundary by the fore t, Grawpy wa  carryin’ u , Fang an’ me. Told him ter let me down at the ca tle,  o he  hoved me through the window, ble  him. Not exactly what I meant, bu’ – where’  Ron an’ Hermione?” “That,”  aid Harry, “i  a really good que tion. Come on.” They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping be ide them. Harry could hear movement through the corridor  all around: running foot tep ,  hout ; through the window , he could  ee more fla he  of light in the dark ground . “Where’re we goin’?” puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry’  heel , making the floorboard  quake. “I dunno exactly,”  aid Harry, making another random turn, “but Ron and Hermione mu t be around here  omewhere. . . .” The fir t ca ualtie  of the battle were already  trewn acro  the pa age ahead: The two  tone gargoyle  that u ually guarded the entrance to the  taffroom had been  ma hed apart by a jinx that had  ailed through another broken window. Their remain   tirred feebly on the floor, and a  Harry leapt over one of their di embodied head , it moaned faintly. “Oh, don’t mind me . . . I’ll ju t be here and crumble. . . .” It  ugly  tone face made Harry think  uddenly of the marble bu t of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophiliu ’  hou e, wearing that mad headdre  – and then of the  tatue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the  tone diadem upon her white curl . . . . And a  he reached the end of the pa age, the memory of a third  tone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, onto who e head Harry him elf had placed a wig and a battered old hat. The  hock  hot through Harry with the heat of firewhi ky, and he nearly  tumbled. He knew, at lea t, where the Horcrux  at waiting for him. . . . Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to a ume that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepe t my terie  of Hogwart  Ca tle. Of cour e, Dumbledore and Flitwick, tho e model pupil , had never  et foot in that particular place, but he, Harry, had  trayed off the beaten track in hi  time at  chool – here at lea t wa  a  ecret area he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never di covered – He wa  rou ed by Profe or Sprout, who wa  thundering pa t followed by Neville and half a dozen other , all of them wearing earmuff  and carrying what appeared to be large potted plant . “Mandrake !” Neville bellowed at Harry over hi   houlder a  he ran. “Going to lob them over the wall  – they won’t like thi !” Harry knew now where to go. He  ped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind him. They pa ed portrait after portrait, and the painted figure  raced along ide them, wizard  and witche  in ruff  and breeche , in armor and cloak , cramming them elve  into each other ’ canva e ,  creaming new  from other part  of the ca tle. A  they reached the end of thi  corridor, the whole ca tle  hook, and Harry knew, a  a gigantic va e blew off it  plinth with explo ive force, that it wa  in the grip of enchantment  more  ini ter than tho e of the teacher  and the Order. “It’  all righ’, Fang – it’  all righ’!” yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight a   liver  of china flew like  hrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone. He forged on through the trembling pa age , hi  wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadrigan, ru hed from painting to painting be ide him, clanking along in hi  armor,  creaming encouragement, hi  fat little pony cantering behind him. “Braggart  and rogue , dog  and  coundrel , drive them out, Harry Potter,  ee them off!” Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a  mall knot of  tudent , including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott,  tanding be ide another empty plinth, who e  tatue had concealed a  ecret pa ageway. Their wand  were drawn and they were li tening at the concealed hole. “Nice night for it!” Fred  houted a  the ca tle quaked again, and Harry  printed by, elated and terrified in equal mea ure. Along yet another corridor he da hed, and then there were owl  everywhere, and Mr . Norri  wa  hi ing and trying to bat them with her paw , no doubt to return them to their proper place. . . . “Potter!” Aberforth Dumbledore  tood blocking the corridor ahead, hi  wand held ready. “I’ve had hundred  of kid  thundering through my pub, Potter!” “I know, we’re evacuating,” Harry  aid, “Voldemort’  –“ “– attacking becau e they haven’t handed you over, yeah,”  aid Aberforth. “I’m not deaf, the whole of Hog meade heard him. And it never occurred to any of you to keep a few Slytherin  ho tage? There are kid  of Death Eater  you’ve ju t  ent to  afety. Wouldn’t it have been a bit  marter to keep ‘em here?” “It wouldn’t  top Voldemort,”  aid Harry, “and your brother would never have done it.” Aberforth grunted and tore away in the oppo ite direction. Your brother would never have done it. . . . Well, it wa  the truth, Harry thought a  he ran on again: Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for  o long, would never have held  tudent  ran om. . . . And then he  kidded around a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury he  aw them: Ron and Hermione; both with their arm  full of large, curved, dirty yellow object , Ron with a broom tick under hi  arm . “Where the hell have you been?” Harry  houted. “Chamber of Secret ,”  aid Ron. “Chamber – what?”  aid Harry, coming to an un teady halt before them. “It wa  Ron, all Ron’  idea!”  aid Hermione breathle ly. “Wa n’t it ab olutely brilliant? There we were, after we left, and I  aid to Ron, even if we find the other one, how are we going to get rid of it? We  till hadn’t got rid of the cup! And then he thought of it! The ba ili k!” “What the – ?” “Something to get rid of Horcruxe ,”  aid Ron  imply. Harry’  eye  dropped to the object  clutched in Ron and Hermione’  arm : great curved fang ; torn, he now realized, from the  kull of a dead ba ili k. “But how did you get in there?” he a ked,  taring from the fang  to Ron. “You need to  peak Par eltongue!” “He did!” whi pered Hermione. “Show him, Ron!” Ron made a horrible  trangled hi ing noi e. “It’  what you did to open the locket,” he told Harry apologetically. “I had to have a few goe  to get it right, but,” he  hrugged mode tly, “we got there in the end.” “He wa  amazing!”  aid Hermione. “Amazing!” “So . . .” Harry wa   truggling to keep up. “So . . .” “So we’re another Horcrux down,”  aid Ron, and from under hi  jacket he pulled the mangled remain  of Hufflepuff’  cup. “Hermione  tabbed it. Thought  he  hould. She ha n’t had the plea ure yet.” “Geniu !” yelled Harry. “It wa  nothing,”  aid Ron, though he looked delighted with him elf. “So what’  new with you?” A  he  aid it, there wa  an explo ion from overhead: All three of them looked up a  du t fell from the ceiling and they heard a di tant  cream. “I know what the diadem look  like, and I know where it i ,”  aid Harry, talking fa t. “He hid it exactly where I had my old Potion  book, where everyone’  been hiding  tuff for centurie . He thought he wa  the only one to find it. Come on.” A  the wall  trembled again, he led the other two back through the concealed entrance and down the  tairca e into the Room of Requirement. It wa  empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonk  and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry recognized immediately a  Neville’  grandmother. “Ah, Potter,”  he  aid cri ply a  if  he had been waiting for him. “You can tell u  what’  going on.” “I  everyone okay?”  aid Ginny and Tonk  together. “’S far a  we know,”  aid Harry. “Are there  till people in the pa age to the Hog’  Head?” He knew that the room would not be able to tran form while there were  till u er  in ide it. “I wa  the la t to come through,”  aid Mr . Longbottom. “I  ealed it, I think it unwi e to leave it open now Aberforth ha  left hi  pub. Have you  een my grand on?” “He’  fighting,”  aid Harry. “Naturally,”  aid the old lady proudly. “Excu e me, I mu t go and a i t him.” With  urpri ing  peed  he trotted off toward the  tone  tep . Harry looked at Tonk . “I thought you were  uppo ed to be with Teddy at your mother’ ?” “I couldn’t  tand not knowing –“ Tonk  looked angui hed. “She’ll look after him – have you  een Remu ?” “He wa  planning to lead a group of fighter  into the ground  –“ Without another word, Tonk   ped off. “Ginny,”  aid Harry, “I’m  orry, but we need you to leave too. Ju t for a bit. Then you can come back in.” Ginny looked  imply delighted to leave her  anctuary. “And then you can come back in!” he  houted after her a   he ran up the  tep  after Tonk . “You’ve got to come back in!” “Hang on a moment!”  aid Ron  harply. “We’ve forgotten  omeone!” “Who?” a ked Hermione. “The hou e-elve , they’ll all be down in the kitchen, won’t they?” “You mean we ought to get them fighting?” a ked Harry. “No,”  aid Ron  eriou ly, “I mean we  hould tell them to get out. We don’t want anymore Dobbie , do we? We can’t order them to die for u  –“ There wa  a clatter a  the ba ili k fang  ca caded out of Hermione’  arm . Running at Ron,  he flung them around hi  neck and ki ed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fang  and broom tick he wa  holding and re ponded with  uch enthu ia m that he lifted Hermione off her feet. “I  thi  the moment?” Harry a ked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other  till more firmly and  wayed on the  pot, he rai ed hi  voice. “Oi! There’  a war going on here!” Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arm   till around each other. “I know, mate,”  aid Ron, who looked a  though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, “ o it’  now or never, i n’t it?” “Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?” Harry  houted. “D’you think you could ju t – ju t hold it in until we’ve got the diadem?” “Yeah – right –  orry –“  aid Ron, and he and Hermione  et about gathering up fang , both pink in the face. It wa  clear, a  the three of them  tepped back into the corridor up tair , that in the minute  that they had  pent in the Room of Requirement the  ituation within the ca tle had deteriorated  everely: The wall  and ceiling were  haking wor e than ever; du t filled the air, and through the neare t window, Harry  aw bur t  of green and red light  o clo e to the foot of the ca tle that he knew the Death Eater  mu t be very near to entering the place. Looking down, Harry  aw Grawp the giant meandering pa t,  winging what looked like a  tone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring hi  di plea ure. “Let’  hope he  tep  on  ome of them!”  aid Ron a  more  cream  echoed from clo e by. “A  long a  it’  not any of our lot!”  aid a voice: Harry turned and  aw Ginny and Tonk , both with their wand  drawn at the next window, which wa  mi ing  everal pane . Even a  he watched, Ginny  ent a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighter  below. “Good girl!” roared a figure running through the du t toward them, and Harry  aw Aberforth again, hi  gray hair flying a  he led a  mall group of  tudent  pa t. “They look like they might be breaching the north battlement , they’ve brought giant  of their own.” “Have you  een Remu ?” Tonk  called after him. “He wa  dueling Dolohov,”  houted Aberforth, “haven’t  een him  ince!” “Tonk ,”  aid Ginny, “Tonk , I’m  ure he’  okay –“ But Tonk  had run off into the du t after Aberforth. Ginny turned, helple , to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “They’ll be all right,”  aid Harry, though he knew they were empty word . “Ginny, we’ll be back in a moment, ju t keep out of the way, keep  afe – come on!” he  aid to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the  tretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement wa  waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant. I need the place where everything i  hidden. Harry begged of it in ide hi  head, and the door materialized on their third run pa t. The furor of the battle died the moment they cro ed the thre hold and clo ed the door behind them: All wa   ilent. They were in a place the  ize of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, it  towering wall  built of object  hidden by thou and  of long-gone  tudent . “And he never realized anyone could get in?”  aid Ron, hi  voice echoing in the  ilence. “He thought he wa  the only one,”  aid Harry. “Too bad for him I’ve had to hide  tuff in my time . . . thi  way,” he added. “I think it’  down here. . . .” They  ped off up adjacent ai le ; Harry could hear the other ’ foot tep  echoing through the towering pile  of junk, of bottle , hat , crate , chair , book , weapon , broom tick , bat . . . . “Somewhere near here,” Harry muttered to him elf. “Somewhere . . .  omewhere . . .” Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking for object  he recognized from hi  one previou  trip into the room. Hi  breath wa  loud in hi  ear , and then hi  very  oul  eemed to  hiver. There it wa , right ahead, the bli tered old cupboard in which he had hidden hi  old Potion  book, and on top of it, the pockmarked  tone warlock wearing a du ty old wig and what looked like an ancient di colored tiara. He had already  tretched out hi  hand, though he remained few feet away, when a voice behind him  aid, “Hold it, Potter.” He  kidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and Goyle were  tanding behind him,  houlder to  houlder, wand  pointing right at Harry. Through the  mall  pace between their jeering face  he  aw Draco Malfoy. “That’  my wand you’re holding, Potter,”  aid Malfoy, pointing hi  own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle. “Not anymore,” panted Harry, tightening hi  grip on the hawthorn wand. “Winner , keeper , Malfoy. Who’  lent you their ?” “My mother,”  aid Draco. Harry laughed, though there wa  nothing very humorou  about the  ituation. He could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore. They  eemed to have run out of ear hot,  earching for the diadem. “So how come you three aren’t with Voldemort?” a ked Harry. “We’re gonna be rewarded,”  aid Crabbe. Hi  voice wa   urpri ingly  oft for  uch an enormou  per on: Harry had hardly ever heard him  peak before. Crabbe wa   peaking like a  mall child promi ed a large bag of  weet . “We ‘ung back, Potter. We decided not to go. Decided to bring you to ‘im.” “Good plan,”  aid Harry in mock admiration. He could not believe that he wa  thi  clo e, and wa  going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. He began edging  lowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux  at lop ided upon the bu t. If he could ju t get hi  hand  on it before the fight broke out . . . “So how did you get in here?” he a ked, trying to di tract them. “I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Thing  all la t year,”  aid Malfoy, hi  voice brittle. “I know how to get in.” “We wa  hiding in the corridor out ide,” grunted Goyle. “We can do Di -lu ion Charm  now! And then,” hi  face  plit into a gormle  grin, “you turned up right in front of u  and  aid you wa  looking for a die-dum! What’  a die-dum?” “Harry?” Ron’  voice echoed  uddenly from the other  ide of the wall to Harry’  right. “Are you talking to  omeone?” With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed hi  wand at the fifty foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunk , of old book  and robe  and unidentifiable junk, and  houted, “De cendo!” The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the ai le next door where Ron  tood. “Ron!” Harry bellowed, a   omewhere out of  ight Hermione  creamed, and Harry heard innumerable object  cra hing to the floor on the other  ide of the de tabilized wall: He pointed hi  wand at the rampart, cried, “Finite!” and it  teadied. “No!”  houted Malfoy,  taying Crabbe’  arm a  the latter made to repeat hi   pell. “If you wreck the room you might bury thi  diadem thing!” “What’  that matter?”  aid Crabbe, tugging him elf free. “It’  Potter the Dark Lord want , who care  about a die-dum?” “Potter came in here to get it,”  aid Malfoy with ill-di gui ed impatience at the  low-wittedne  of hi  colleague . “ o that mu t mean –“ “’Mu t mean’?” Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undi gui ed ferocity. “Who care  what you think? I don’t take your order  no more, Draco. You an’ your dad are fini hed.” “Harry?”  houted Ron again, from the other  ide of the junk wad. “What’  going on?” “Harry?” mimicked Crabbe. “What’  going on – no, Potter! Crucio!” Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbe’  cur e mi ed him but hit the  tone bu t, which flew into the air; the diadem  oared upward and then dropped out of  ight in the ma  of object  on which the bu t had re ted. “STOP!” Malfoy  houted at Crabbe, hi  voice echoing through the enormou  room. “The Dark Lord want  him alive –“ “So? I’m not killing him, am I?” yelled Crabbe, throwing off Malfoy’  re training arm. “But if I can, I will, the Dark Lord want  him dead anyway, what’  the diff – ?” A jet of  carlet light  hot pa t Harry by inche : Hermione had run around the corner behind him and  ent a Stunning Spell  traight at Crabbe’  head. It only mi ed becau e Malfoy pulled him out of the way. “It’  that Mudblood! Avada Kedavra!” Harry  aw Hermione dive a ide, and hi  fury that Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all el e from hi  mind. He  hot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way, knocking Malfoy’  wand out of hi  hand; it rolled out of  ight beneath a mountain of broken furniture and bone . “Don’t kill him! DON’T KILL HIM!” Malfoy yelled at Crabbe and Goyle, who were both aiming at Harry: Their  plit  econd’  he itation wa  all Harry needed. “Expelliarmu !” Goyle’  wand flew out of hi  hand and di appeared into the bulwark of object  be ide him; Goyle leapt fooli hly on the  pot, trying to retrieve it; Malfoy jumped out of range of Hermione’   econd Stunning Spell, and Ron, appearing  uddenly at the end of the ai le,  hot a full Body-Bind Cur e at Crabbe, which narrowly mi ed. Crabbe wheeled around and  creamed, “Avada Kedavra!” again. Ron leapt out of  ight to avoid the jet of green light. The wand-le  Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged wardrobe a  Hermione charged toward them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell a   he came. “It’   omewhere here!” Harry yelled at her, pointing at the pile of junk into which the old tiara had fallen. “Look for it while I go and help R –“ “HARRY!”  he  creamed. A roaring, billowing noi e behind him gave him a moment’  warning. He turned and  aw both Ron and Crabbe running a  hard a  they could up the ai le toward them. “Like it hot,  cum?” roared Crabbe a  he ran. But he  eemed to have no control over what he had done. Flame  of abnormal  ize were pur uing them, licking up the  ide  of the junk bulwark , which were crumbling to  oot at their touch. “Aguamenti!” Harry bawled, but the jet of water that  oared from the tip of hi  wand evaporated in the air. “RUN!” Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along; Crabbe out tripped all of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron, and Hermione pelted along in hi  wake, and the fire pur ued them. It wa  not normal fire; Crabbe had u ed a cur e of which Harry had no knowledge. A  they turned a corner the flame  cha ed them a  though they were alive,  entient, intent upon killing them. Now the fire wa  mutating, forming a gigantic pack of fiery bea t : Flaming  erpent , chimaera , and dragon  ro e and fell and ro e again, and the detritu  of centurie  on which they were feeding wa  thrown up into the air into their fanged mouth , to ed high on clawed feet, before being con umed by the inferno. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vani hed from view: Harry, Ron and Hermione  topped dead; the fiery mon ter  were circling them, drawing clo er and clo er, claw  and horn  and tail  la hed, and the heat wa   olid a  a wall around them. “What can we do?” Hermione  creamed over the deafening roar  of the fire. “What can we do?” “Here!” Harry  eized a pair of heavy-looking broom tick  from the neare t pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione onto it behind him. Harry  wung hi  leg over the  econd broom and, with hard kick  to the ground, they  oared up in the air, mi ing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that  napped it  jaw  at them. The  moke and heat were becoming overwhelming: Below them the cur ed fire wa  con uming the contraband of generation  of hunted  tudent , the guilty outcome  of a thou and banned experiment , the  ecret  of the countle   oul  who had  ought refuge in the room. Harry couldnot  ee a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere. He  wooped a  low a  he dare over the marauding mon ter  of flame to try to find them, but there wa  nothing but fire: What a terrible way to die. . . . He had never wanted thi . . . . “Harry, let’  get out, let’  get out!” bellowed Ron, though it wa  impo ible to  ee where the door wa  through the black  moke. And then Harry heard a thin, piteou  human  cream from amid t the terrible commotion, the thunder of devouring flame. “It’  – too – dangerou  – !” Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. Hi  gla e  giving hi  eye   ome  mall protection from the  moke, he raked the fire torm below,  eeking a  ign of life, a limb or a face that wa  not yet charred like wood. . . . And he  aw them: Malfoy with hi  arm  around the uncon ciou  Goyle, the pair of them perched on a fragile tower of charred de k , and Harry dived. Malfoy  aw him coming and rai ed one arm, but even a  Harry gra ped it he knew at once that it wa  no good. Goyle wa  too heavy and Malfoy’  hand, covered in  weat,  lid in tantly out of Harry’  – “IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I’LL KILL YOU, HARRY!” roared Ron’  voice, and, a  a great flaming chimaera bore down upon them, he and Hermione dragged Goyle onto their broom and ro e, rolling and pitching, into the air once more a  Malfoy clambered up behind Harry. “The door, get to the door, the door!”  creamed Malfoy in Harry’  ear, and Harry  ped up, following Ron, Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black  moke, hardly able to breathe: and all around them the la t few object  unburned by the devouring flame  were flung into the air, a  the creature  of the cur ed fire ca t them high in celebration: cup  and  hield , a  parkling necklace, and an old, di colored tiara – “What are you doing, what are you doing, the door’  that way!”  creamed Malfoy, but Harry made a hairpin  werve and dived. The diadem  eemed to fall in  low motion, turning and glittering a  it dropped toward the maw of a yawning  erpent, and then he had it, caught it around hi  wri t – Harry  werved again a  the  erpent lunged at him; he  oared upward and  traight toward the place where, he prayed, the door  tood open; Ron, Hermione and Goyle had vani hed; Malfoy wa   creaming and holding Harry  o tightly it hurt. Then, through the  moke, Harry  aw a rectangular patch on the wall and  teered the broom at it, and moment  later clean air filled hi  lung  and they collided with the wall in the corridor beyond. Malfoy fell off the broom and lay facedown, ga ping, coughing, and retching. Harry rolled over and  at up: The door to the Room of Requirement had vani hed, and Ron and Hermione  at panting on the floor be ide Goyle, who wa   till uncon ciou . “C-Crabbe,” choked Malfoy a   oon a  he could  peak. “C-Crabbe . . .” “He’  dead,”  aid Ron har hly. There wa   ilence, apart from panting and coughing. Then a number of huge bang   hook the ca tle, and a great cavalcade of tran parent figure  galloped pa t on hor e , their head   creaming with bloodlu t under their arm . Harry  taggered to hi  feet when the Headle  Hunt had pa ed and looked around: The battle wa   till going on all around him. He could hear more  cream than tho e of the retreating gho t . Panic flared within him. “Where’  Ginny?” he  aid  harply. “She wa  here. She wa   uppo ed to be going back into the Room of Requirement.” “Blimey, d’you reckon it’ll  till work after that fire?” a ked Ron, but he too got to hi  feet, rubbing hi  che t and looking left and right. “Shall we  plit up and look – ?” “No,”  aid Hermione, getting to her feet too. Malfoy and Goyle remained  lumped hopele ly on the corridor floor; neither of them had wand . “Let’   tick together. I  ay we go – Harry, what’  that on your arm?” “What? Oh yeah –“ He pulled the diadem from hi  wri t and held it up. It wa   till hot, blackened with  oot, but a  he looked at it clo ely he wa  ju t able to make out the tiny word  etched upon it; WIT BEYOND MEASURE IS MAN’S GREATEST TREASURE. A bloodlike  ub tance, dark and tarry,  eemed to be leaking from the diadem. Suddenly Harry felt the thing vibrate violently, then break apart in hi  hand , and a  it did  o, he thought he heard the fainte t, mo t di tant  cream of pain, echoing not from the ground  or the ca tle, but from the thing that had ju t fragmented in hi  finger . “It mu t have been Fiendfyre!” whimpered Hermione, her eye  on the broken piece. “Sorry?” “Fiendfyre – cur ed fire – it’  one of the  ub tance  that de troy Horcruxe , but I would never, ever have dared u e it, it’   o dangerou  – how did Crabbe know how to – ?” “Mu t’ve learned from the Carrow ,”  aid Harry grimly. “Shame he wa n’t concentrating when they mentioned how to  top it, really,”  aid Ron, who e hair, like Hermione’ , wa   inged, and who e face wa  blackened. “If he hadn’t tried to kill u  all, I’d be quite  orry he wa  dead.” “But don’t you realize?” whi pered Hermione. “Thi  mean , if we can ju t get the  nake –“ But  he broke off a  yell  and  hout  and the unmi takable noi e  of dueling filled the corridor. Harry looked around and hi  heart  eemed to fail: Death Eater  had penetrated Hogwart . Fred and Percy had ju t backed into view, both of them dueling ma ked and hooded men. Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help: Jet  of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off, fa t: Then hi  hood  lipped and they  aw a high forehead and  treaked hair – “Hello, Mini ter!” bellowed Percy,  ending a neat jinx  traight at Thickne e, who dropped hi  wand and clawed at the front of hi  robe , apparently in awful di comfort. “Did I mention I’m re igning?” “You’re joking, Perce!”  houted Fred a  the Death Eater he wa  battling collap ed under the weight of three  eparate Stunning Spell . Thickne e had fallen to the ground with tiny  pike  erupting all over him; he  eemed to be turning into  ome form of  ea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee. “You actually are joking, Perce. . . . I don’t think I’ve heard you joke  ince you were –“ The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two Death Eater  at their feet, one Stunned, the other Tran figured; and in that fragment of a moment, when danger  eemed temporarily at bay, the world wa  rent apart, Harry felt him elf flying through the air, and all he could do wa  hold a  tightly a  po ible to that thin  tick of wood that wa  hi  one and only weapon, and  hield hi  head in hi  arm : He heard the  cream  and yell  of hi  companion  without a hope of knowing what had happened to them – And then the world re olved it elf into pain and  emidarkne : He wa  half buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been  ubjected to a terrible attack. Cold air told him that the  ide of the ca tle had been blown away, and hot  tickine  on hi  cheek told him that he wa  bleeding copiou ly. Then he heard a terrible cry that pulled at hi  in ide , that expre ed agony of a kind neither flame nor cur e could cau e, and he  tood up,  waying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhap , than he had been in hi  life. . . . And Hermione wa   truggling to her feet in the wreckage, and three redheaded men were grouped on the ground where the wall had bla ted apart. Harry grabbed Hermione’  hand a  they  taggered and  tumbled over  tone and wood. “No – no – no!”  omeone wa   houting. “No! Fred! No!” And Percy wa   haking hi  brother, and Ron wa  kneeling be ide them, and Fred’  eye   tared without  eeing, the gho t of hi  la t laugh  till etched upon hi  face. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO THE ELDER WAN The world had ended,  o why had the battle not cea ed, the ca tle fallen  ilent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arm ? Harry'  mind wa  in free fall,  pinning out of control, unable to gra p the impo ibility, becau e Fred Wea ley could not be dead, the evidence of all hi   en e  mu t be lying-- And then a body fell pa t the hole blown into the  ide of the  chool and cur e  flew in at them from the darkne , hitting the wall behind their head . “Get down!” Harry  houted, a  more cur e  flew through the night: He and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay acro  Fred'  body,  hielding it from further harrm, and when Harry  houted “Percy, come on, we've got to move!” he  hook hi  head. “Percy!” Harry  aw tear track   treaking the grime coating ron'  face a  he  ezied hi  elder brother'   houlder  and pulled, but Percy would not budge. “Percy, you can't do anything for him! We're going to--” Hermione  creamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to a k why. A mon trou   pider the  ize of a  mall car wa  trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall. one of Aragog'  de cendant  had joined the fight. Ron and Harry  houted together; their  pell  collided and the mon ter wa  blown backward, it  leg  jerking horribly, and vani hed into the darkne . “It brought friend !” Harry called to the other , glancing over the edge of the ca tle through the hole in the wall the cur e  had bla ted. More giant  pider  were climbing the  ide of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Fore t, into which the Death Eater  mu t have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spell  down upon them, knocking the lead mon ter into it  fellow ,  o that they rolled back down the building and out of  ight. Then more cur e  came  oaring over Harry'  head,  o clo e he felt the force of them blow hi  hair. “Let'  move, NOW!” Pu hing Hermione ahead of him with ron, Harry  tooped to  eize Fred'  body under the armpit. Percy, realizing what Harry wa  trying to do,  topped clinging to the body and helped: together, crouching low to avoid the cur e  flying at them from the ground , they hauled Fred out of the way. “Here,”  aid Harry, and they placed him in a niche where a  uit of armor had  tood earlier. He could not bear to look at Fred a  econd longer than he had to, and after making  ure that the body wa  well- hidden, he took off after ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle had vani hed but at the end of the corridor, which wa  now full of du t and falling ma onry, gla  long gone from window , he  aw many people running backward and forward, whether friend  or foe  he could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar: “ROOKWOOD!” and  printed off in the direction of a tall man, who wa  pur uing a couple of  tudent . “Harry, in here!” Hermione  creamed. She had pulled Ron behind a tape try. They  eemed to be wre tling together, and for one mad  econd Harry thought that they were embracing again; then hhe  aw that Hermione wa  trying to re train Ron, to  top him running after Percy. “Li ten to me--LISTEN RON!” “I wanna help--I wanna kill Death Eater --” Hi  face wa  contorted,  meared with du t and  moke, and he wa   haking with rage and grief. “ron, we're the only one  who can end it! Plea e--ron--we need the  nake, we've got to kill the  nake!”  aid Hermione. But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pur uing another Horcrux could not bring the  ati faction of revenge; he too wanted to fight, to puni h them, the people who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find the other Wea ley , and above all make  ure, make quite  ure, that Ginny wa  not--but he could not permit that idea to form in hi  mind-- “We will fight!” Hermione  aid. “We'll have to, to reach the  nake! But let'  not lo e  ight now of what we're  uppo ed to be d-doing! We're the only one  who can end it!” She wa  crying too, and  he wiped her face on her torn and  inged  leeve a   he  poke, but  he took great heaving breath  to calm her elf a ,  till keeping a tight hold on ron,  he turned to Harry. “You need to find out where Voldemort i , becau e he'll have the  nake with him, won't he? Do it, Harry--look in ide him!” Why wa  it  o ea y? Becau e hi   car had been burning for hour , yearning to  how him Voldemort'  thought ? He clo ed hi  eye  on her command, and at once, the  cream  and bang  and all the di cordant  ound  of the battle were drowned until they became di tant, a  though he  tood far, far away from them... He wa   tanding in the middle of a de olate but  trangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the wall  and all the window  boarded up except for one. The  ound  of the a ault on the ca tle were muffled and di tant. The  ingle unblocked window revealed di tant bur t  of light where the ca tle  tood, but in ide the room wa  dark except for a  olitary oil lamp. He wa  rolling hi  wand between hi  figner , watching it, hi  thought  on the room in the ca tle, the  ecret room only he had ever found, the room, like the chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and inqui itive to di cover...He wa  confident that the boy would not find the diadem...although Dumbledore'  puppet had come much farther than he ever expected...too far... “My Lord,”  aid a voice, de perate and cracked. He turned: there wa  Luciu  Malfoy  itting in the darke t corner, ragged and  till bearing the mark  of the puni hment he had received after the boy'  la t e cape. One of hi  eye  remained clo ed and puffy. “My Lord...plea e...my  on...” “If your  on i  dead, Luciu , it i  not my fault. He did not come and join me, like the re t of the Slytherin . Perhap  he ha  decided to befriend Harry Potter?” “No--never,” whi pered Malfoy. “You mu t hope not.” “Aren't--aren't you afraid, my Lord that Potter might die at another hand but your ?” a ked Malfoy, hi  voice  haking. “Wouldn't it be...forgive me...more prudent to call off thi  battle, enter the ca tle, and  eek him y-your elf?” "Do not pretend Luciu . You wi h the battle to cea e  o that you can di cover what ha  happened to your  on. And i do not need to  eek Potter. Before the night i  out, Potter will have come to find me.“ Voldemort dropped hi  gaze once more to the wand in hi  finger . It troubled him...and tho e thing  that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged... ”Go and fetch Snape.“ ”Snape, m-my Lord?“ ”Snape. Now. I need him. There i  a -- ervice--I require from him. Go.“ Frightened,  tumbling a little through the gloom, Luciu  left the room. Vodlemort continued to  tand there, twirling the wand between hi  finger ,  taring at it. ”It i  the only way, Nagini,“ he whi pered, and he looked around, and there wa  the great thick  nake, now  u pended in midair, twi ting gracefully within the enchanted, protected  pace he had made for her, a  tarry, tran parent  phere  omewhere between a glittering cage and a tank. With a ga p, Harry pulled back and opened hi  yee  at the  ame moment hi  ear  were a aulted with the  creeche  and crie , the  ma he  and bang  of battle. ”He'  in the Shrieking Shack. The  nake'  with him, it'  got  ome  ort of magical protection around it. He'  ju t  ent Luciu  Malfoy to find Snape.“ ”voldemort'   itting in the  hrieking Shack?“  aid Hermione, outraged. ”He'  not--he'  not even FIGHTING?“ ”He doe n't think he need  to fight,“  aid Harry. ”He think  I'm going to go to him.“ ”But why?“ ”He know  I'm after Horcruxe --he'  keeping Nagini clo e be ide him- -obviou ly I'm going to have to go to him to get near the thing--“ ”Right,“  aid Ron,  quaring hi   houlder . ”So you can't go, that'  what he want , what he'  expecting. You  tay here and look after Hermione, and I'll go and get it--“ Harry cut acro  Ron. ”You two  tay here, I'll go under the Cloak and I'll be back a   oon a  I--“ ”No,“  aid Hermione,, ”it make  much more  en e if I take the Cloak and--“ ”Don't even think about it,“ Ron  narled at her. before Hermione could get farther than ”Ron, I'm ju t a  capable -- “ the tape try at the top of the  tairca e on which they  tood wa  ripped open. ”POTTER!“ Two ma ked Death Eater   tood there, but even before their wand  were fully rai ed, Hermione  houted ”Gli eo!" The  tair  beneath their feet flatteneed into a chute and  he, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their  peed but  o fa t that the Death Eater ' Stunning Spell  flew far over their head . They  hot through the concealing tape try at the bottom and  pun onto the floor, hitting the oppo ite wall. “Duro!” cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the tape try, and there were two loud,  ickening crunche  a  the tape try turned to  tone and the Death Eater  pur uing them crumpled again t it. “Get back!”  houted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione hurled them elve  again t a door a  a herd of galloping de k  thundered pa t,  hepherdd by a  printing Profe or McGonagall. She appeared not to notice them. Her hair had come down and there wa  a ga h on her cheek. A   he turned the corner, they heard her  cream, “CHARGE!” “Harry, you get the Cloak on,”  aid Hermione. “Never mind u --” But he threw it over all three of them; large though they were he doubted anyone would  ee their di embodied feet through the du t that clogged the air, the falling  tone, the  himmer of  pell . they ran down the next  tairca e and found them elve  in a corridor full of dueler . The portrait  on either  ide of the fighter  were crammed with figure   creaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eater , both ma ked and unma ked, dueled  tudent  and teacher . Dean had won him elf a wand, for he wa  face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Traver . Harry, ron and Hermione rai ed their wand  at once, ready to  trike, but the dueler  were weaving and darting  o much that there wa  a  trong likelihood of hurting on of their own  ide if they ca t cur e . Even a  they  tood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great “Wheeeeee!” and looking up, Harry  aw Peeve  zoomign over them, dropping Snargaluff pod  down onto the Death Eater , who e head  were  uddenly engulfed in wriggling green tuber  like fat worm . “ARGH!” A fi tful of tuber  had hit the Cloak over Ron'  head; the damp green root  were  u pended improbably in midair a  Ron tried to  hake them loo e. “Someone'  invi ible there!”  houted a ma ked Death Eater, pointing. Dean made the mo t of the Death Eater'  momentary di traction, knocking him out with a  tunning Spell; Dolohov attempted to retaliate, and Parvati  hot a Body Bind Cur e at him. “LET'S GO!” Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione gathered the Cloak tightly around them elve  and pelted, head  down, through the mid t of the fighter ,  lipping a little in pool  of Snargaluff juice, toward the top of the marble  tairca e into the entrance hall. “I'm Draco Malfoy, I'm Draco, I'm on your  ide!” Draco wa  on the upper landing, pleading with anoter ma ked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater a  they pa ed. Malfoy looked around, beaming, for hi   avior, and Ron punched him from under the Cloak. Malfoy fell backward on top of the Death Eater, hi  mouth bleeding, utterly bemu ed. “And that'  the  econd time we've  aved your life tonight, you two- faced ba tard!” Ron yelled. There were more dueler  all over the  tair  and in the hall. Death Eater  everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, clo e to the front door , in combat with Flitwick, a ma ked Death Eater dueling King ley right be ide them. Student  ran in every direction;  ome carrying or dragging injured friend . Harry directed a Stunnning Spell toward the ma ked Death Eater; it mi ed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandi hing armful  of Venomou  Tentacula, which looped it elf happily around the neare t Death Eater and began reeling him in. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  ped won the marble  tairca e: gla   hattered on the left, and the Slytherin hourgla  that had recorded Hou e point   pilled it  emerald  everywhere,  o that people  lipped and  taggered a  they ran. Two bodie  fell from the balcony overhead a  they reached the ground a gray blur that Harry took for an animal  ped four-legged acro  the hall to  ink it  teeth into one of the fallen. “NO!”  hrieked Hermione, and with a deafening bla t from her wand, Fenrir Greyback wa  thrown backward from the feebly  truggling body of Lavender Brown. He hit the marble bani ter  and  truggled to return to hi  feet. Then, with a bright white fla h and a crack, a cry tal ball fell on top of hi  head, and he crumpled to the ground and did not move. “I have more!”  hrieked Profe or Trelawney from over the bani ter . “More for any who want them! Here--” And with a move likea tenni   erve,  he heaved another enormou  cry tal  phere from her bag, waved her wand through the air, and cau ed the ball to  peed acro  the hall and  ma h through a window. At the  ame moment, the heavy wooden front door  bur t open, and more of the gigantic  pider  forced their way into the front hall. Scream  of terror rent the air: the fighter   cattered, Death Eater  and Hogwartian  alike, and red and green jet  of light flew into the mid t of the oncoming mon ter , which  huddered and reared, more terrifying than ever. “How do we get out?” yelled ron over all the  creaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could an wer they were bowled a ide; Hagrid had come thundering down the  tair , brandi hing hi  flowery pink umbrella. “Don't hurt 'em, don't hurt 'em!” he yelled. “HAGRID, NO!” Harry forgot everything el e: he  printed out from under the cloak, running bent double to avoid the cur e  illuminating the whole hall. “HAGRID, COME BACK!” But he wa  not even halfway to Hagrid when he  aw it happen: Hagrid vani hed among t the  pider , and with a great  currying, a foul  warming movement, they retreated under the on laught of  pell , Hagrid buried in their mid t. “HAGRID!” Harry heard  omeone calling hi  own name, whether friend or foe he did not care: He wa   pringint down the front  tep  into the dark ground , and the  pider  were  warming away with their prey, and he could  ee nothing of Hagrid at all. “HAGRID!” He thought he could make out an enormou  arm waving from the mdi t of the  pider  warm, but a  he made to cha e after them, hi  way wa  impeded by a monumental foot, which  wung down out of the darkne  and made the ground on which he  tood  hudder. He looked up: A giant  tood before him, twenty feet high, it  head ihidden in  hadow, nothing but it  treelike, hairy  hin  illuminated by light from the ca tle door . With one brutal, fluid movement, it  ma hed a ma ive fi t through an upper window, and gla  rained down upon Harryk, forcing him back under the  helter of the doorway. “Oh my--!”  hrieked Hermione, a   he and ron caught up with Harry and gazed upward at the giant now trying to  eize people through the window above. “DON'T!” ron yelled, grabbing Hermione'  hand a   he rai ed her wand. “Stun him and he'll cru h half the ca tle--” “HAGGER?” Grawp came lurching around the corner of the ca tle; only dnow did Harry realzie that Grawp wa , indeed, an under ized giant. The gargantuan mon ter trying to cru h people on the upper floor  turned around and let out a rorar. The  tone  tep  tremebled a  he  tomped toward hi   maller kin, and Grawp'  lop ided mouth fell open,  howing yellow, half brick- ized teeth; and then they launched them elve  at each other with the  avagery of lion . “RUN!” Harry roared; the ngiht wa  full of hideou  yell  and blow  a  the giant  wre tled, and he  eized Hermione'  hand and tore down the  tep  into the ground , Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lo t hope of finding and  aving Hagrid; he ran  o fa t that they were halfway toward the fore t before they were brought up  hort again. The air around them had frozen: Harry'  breath caught and  olidified in hi  che t. Shape  moved out in the darkne ,  wirling figure  of concentrated blackne , moving in a great wave toward  the ca tle , their face  hooded and their breath rattling... ron and Hermione clo ed in be ide him a  the  ound  of fighting behind them grew  uddenly muted, deadened, becau e a  ilence only dementor  could bring wa  falling thickly through the night, and Fred wa  gone, and Hagrid wa   uurely dying or already dead... “come on, Harry!”  aid Hermione'  voice from a very long way away. “Patronu e , Harry, come on!” he rai ed hi  wand, but a dull hopele ne  wa   preading throughout him: How many more lay dead that he did not yet know about? He felt a  though hi   oul had already half left hi  body.... “HARRY, COME ON!”  creamed Hermione. A hundred dementor  were advancing, gliding toward them,  ucking their way clo er to Harry'  de pair, which wa  like a promi e of a fea t... He  aw Ron'   ilver terrier bur t into the air, flicker feebly, and expire; he  aw Hermione'  otter twi t in midair and fade, and hi  own wand trembled in hi  hand, and he almo t welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promi e of nothing, of no feeling... And then a  ilver hare, a boar, and fox  oared pa t Harry, Ron, and Hermione'  head : the dementor  fell back before the creature ' approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkne  to  tand be ide them, their wand  out tretched, continuing to ca t Patronu e : Luna, Ernie, and Seamu . “That'  right,”  aid Luna encouragingly, a  if they were back in the Room of Requirement and thi  wa   imply  pell practice for the D.A., “That'  right, Harry...come on think of  omething happy...” ' omething happy?“ he  aid, hi  voice cracked. ”We're all  till here,“  he whi pered, ”we;re  till fighting. Come on, now....“ There wa  a  ilver  park, then a wavering light, and then, with the greate t effort it had ever co t him the  tag bur t from the end of Harry'  wand. It cantered forward, and now the dementor   cattered in earne t, and immediately the night wa  mild again, but the  ound  of the  urrounding battle were loud in hi  ear . ”Can't thank you enough,“  aid ron  hakily, turning to Luna, Ernie, and Seamu  ”you ju t  aved--“ With a roar and an earth-quaking tremor, another giant came lurching out of the darkne  from the direction of the fore t, brandi hing a club taller than any of them. ”RUN!“ Harry  houted again, but the other  needed no telling; They all  cattered, and not a  econd too  oon, for the next moment the creature'  va t foot had fallen exactly where they had been  tanding. Harry looked round: ron and Hermione were following him, but the other three had vani hed back into the battle. ”Let'  get out of range!" yelled Ron a  the giant  wung it  club again and it  bellow  echoed through the night, acro  the ground  wehere bur t  of red and green light continued to illuminate the darkne . “The Whomping willow,”  aid Harry, “go!” Somehow he walled it all up in hi  mind, crammed it into a  mall  pace into which he could not look now: thought  of Fred and Hagrid, and hi  terror for all the people he loved,  cattered in and out ide the ca tle, mu t all wait, becau e they had to run, had to reach the  nake and Voldemort, becau e that wa , a  Hermione  aid, the only way to end it-- He  printed, half-believing he could outdi tance death it elf, ignoring the jet  of light flying in the darkne  all around him, and the  ound of hte lake cra hing like the  ea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Fore t though the night wa  windle ; through ground  that  eemed them elve  to have ri en in rebellion, he ran fa ter than he had ever moved in hi  life, and it wa  he who  aw the great tree fir t, the Willow that protected the  ecret at it  root  with whiplike,  la hing branche . Panting and ga ping, Harry  lowed down,  kirting the willow'   wiping branche , peering through the darkne  toward it  tick trunk, trying to  ee the  ingle knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyze it. Ron and Hermione caught up, Hermione  o out of breath that  he could not  peak. “How--how're we going to get in?” panted ron. “I can-- ee the palce- -if we j ut had--Crook hank  again--” “Crook hank ?” wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutching her che t. “Are you a wizard, or what?” “Oh--right--yeah--” Ron looked around, then directed hi  wand at a twig on the ground and  aid “Winguardium Levio a!” The twig flew up from the gruond,  pun through the air a  if caught by a gu t of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the Willow'  ominou ly  waying branche . It jabbed at a place near the root , and at once, the writhing tree became  till. “Perfect!” panted Hermione. “Wait.” For one teetering  econd, while the cra he  and boom  of the battle filled the air, Harry he itated. Voldemort wanted him to do thi , wanted him to come...Wa  he leading Ron and Hermione into a trap? But the reality  eemed to clo e upon him, cruel and plain: the only way forward wa  to kill the  nake, and the  nake wa  where Voldemort wa , and voldemort wa  at the end of thi  tunnel... “Harry, we're coming, ju t get in there!”  aid Ron, pu hing him forward. Harry wriggled into the earthy pa age hidden in the tree'  root . It wa  a much tighter  queeze than it had been the la t time they had entered it. The tunnel wa  low-ceilinged: they had had to double up to move throuhgh it nearly four year  previou ly; now there wa  nothing for it but to crawl. Harry went fir t, hi  wand illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet barrier , but none came. They moved in  ilence, Harry'  gaze fixed upon the  winging beam of the wand held in hi  fi t. At la t, the tunnel began to  lope upward and Harry  aw a  liver of light ahead. Hermione tugged at hi  ankle. “The Cloak!”  he whi pered. “Put the Cloak on!” He groped behind him and  he forced the bundle of  lippery cloth into hi  free hand. With difficulty he dragged it over him elf, murmered, “Nox,” extingui hing hi  wandlight, and continued on hi  hand  and knee , a   ilently a  po ible, all hi   en e   training, expecting every  econd to be di covered, to hear a cold clear voice,  ee a fla h of green light. and then he heard voice  coming from the room directly ahead of them, only  lightly muffled by the fact that the opening at the endo fht etuunnel had been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up tot he opening and peered through a tiny gap left between crate and wall. The room beyond wa  dimly lit, but he could  ee Nagini,  wirlign and coiling like a  erpent underwater,  afe in her enchanted,  tarry  phere, which floated un upported in midair. He could  ee the edge of a table, and a long-fingered white hand toying with a wand. Then Snape  poke, and Harry'  heart lurched: Snape wa  inche  away from where he crouched, hidden. “...my Lord, their re i tance i  crumbling--” “--and it i  doing  o without your help,”  aid Voldemort in hi  high, clear voice. "Skilled wizard though you are, Severu , I do not think you will make much difference now. We are almo t there...almo t.“ ”Let me find the boy. Let me bring you Potter. I know I can find him, my Lord. Plea e.“ Snape  trode pa t the gap, and Harry drew back a little, keeping hi  eye  fixed upon Nagini, wondering whether there wa  any  pell that might penetrate the protection  urrounding her, but he could not think of anything. One failed attempt, and he would give away hi  po ition... Voldemort  tood up. Harry could  ee him now,  ee the red eye , the flattened,  erpentine face, the pallor of him gleaming  lightly in the  emidarkne . ”I have a problem, Severu ,“  aid Voldemort  oftly. ”My Lord?"  aid Snape. Voldemort rai ed the Elder Wand, holding it a  delicately and preci ely a  a conductor'  baton. “Why doe n't it work for me, Severu ?” In the  ilence Harry imagined he could hear the  nake hi ing  lightly a  it coiled and uncoiled--or wa  it Voldemort'   ibilant  igh lingering on the air? “My--my lord?”  aid Snape blankly. “I do not under tand. You--you have performed extraordinary magic with that wand.” “No,”  aid Voldemort. “I have performed my u ual magic. I am extraordinary, but thi  wand...no. It ha  not revealed the wonder  it ha  promi ed. I feel no difference between thi  wand and the one I procured from Ollivander all tho e year  ago.” Voldemort'  tone wa  mu ing, calm, but Harry'   car had begun to throb and pul e: Pain wa  building in hi  forehead, and he could feel that controlled  en e of fury building in ide Voldemort. “No difference,”  aid Voldemort again. Snape did not  peak. Harry could not  ee hi  face. He wondered whether Snape  en ed danger, wa  trying to find the right word  to rea ure hi  ma ter. Voldemort  tarted to move around the room: Harry lo t  ight of him for  econd  a  he prowled,  peaking in that  ame mea ured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry. “I have thought long and hard, Severu ...do you know why I have called you back from battle?” And for a moment Harry  aw Snape'  profile. Hi  eye  were fixed upon the coiling  nake in it  enchanted cage. “No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. Let me find Potter.” "You  ound like Luciu . Neither of you under tand  Potter a  I do. He doe  not need finding. Potter will come to me. I knew hi  weakne  you  ee, hi  one great flaw. He will hate watching the other   truck down around him, knwoing that it i  for him that it happen . He will want to  top it at any co t. He will come.“ ”But my Lord, he might be killed accidentally by  omeone other than your elf--“\ ”My in truction  to the Death Eater  have been perfectly clear. Capture Potter. Kill hi  friend --the more, the better--but do not kill him. “But it i  of you that I wi hed to  peak, Severu , not Harry Potter. You have been very valuable to me. Very valuable.” “My Lord know  I  eek only to  erve him. But--let me go and find the boy, my Lord. Let me bring him to you. I know I can--” “I have told you, no!”  aid Voldemort, and Harry caught the lgint of red in hi  eye  a  he turned again, and the  wi hing of hi  cloak wa  like the  lithering of a  nake, and he felt Voldemort'  impatience in hi  burning  car. “My concern at the moment, Severu , i  what will happen when I finally meet the boy!” “My Lord, there can be no que tion,  urely--?” “--but there i  a que tion, Severu . There i .” Voldemort halted, and Harry could  ee him plainly again a  he  lid the Elder Wand through hi  white finger ,  taring at Snape. “Why did both the wand  I have u ed fail when directed at Harry Potter?” “I--I cannot an wer that, my Lord.” “Can't you?” The  tab of rage felt like a  pike driven through Harry'  head: he forced hi  own fi t into hi  mouth to  top him elf from crying out in pain. He clo ed hi  eye , and  uddenly he wa  Voldemort, looking into Snape'  pale face. “My wand of yew did everything of which I a ked it, Severu , except to kill Harry Potter. Twice it failed. Ollivander told me under torture of the twin core , told me to take another'  wand. I did  o, but Luciu '  wand  hattered upon meeting Potter' .” “I--I have no explanation, my Lord.” Snape wa  not looking at Voldemort now. Hi  dark eye  were  till fixed upon the coiling  erpent in it  protective  phere. “I  ought a third wand, Severu . the Elder Wand, the Wand of De tiny, the Death tick. I took it from it  previou  ma ter. I took it from the grfave of Albu  Dumbledore.” And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snape'  face wa  like a death ma k. it wa  marble white and  o  till that when he  poke, it wa  a  hock to  ee that anyone lived behind the blank eye . “My Lord--let me go to the boy--” “all thi  long night when I am on the brink of victory, I have  at here,”  aid Voldemort, hi  voice barely louder than a whi per, “wondering, wondering, why the Elder Wand refu e  to be what it ought to be, refu e  to perform a  legend  ay  it mu t perform for it  rightful owner...and I think I have the an wer.” Snape did not  peak. “Perhap  you already know it? You are a clever man, after all, Severu . You have been a good and faithful  ervant, and I regret what mu t happen.” “My Lord--” "The Elder Wand cannot  erve me properly, Severu , becau e I am not it  true ma ter. The Elder Wand belong  to the wizard who killed it  la t owner. You killed Albu  Dumbledore. While you live, Severu , the Elder Wand cannot truly be mine.“ ”My Lord!“ Snape prote ted, rai ing hi  wand. ”It cannot be any other way,“  aid Voldemort. ”I mu t ma ter the wand, Severu . Ma ter the wand, and I ma ter Potter at la t.“ And Voldemort  wiped the air with the Elder Wand. It did nothing to Sanpe, who for a  plit  econd  eemed to think he had been reprieved: but then Voldemort'  intention became clear. The  nake'  cage wa  rolling through the air, and before Snape could do anything more than yell, it had enca ed him, head and  houlder , and Voldemort  poke in Par eltongue. ”Kill.“ There wa  a terrible  cream. Harry  aw Snape'  face lo ing the little color it had left; it whitened a  hi  black eye  widened, a  the  nake'  fang  pierced hi  neck, a  he failed to pu h the enchanted cage off him elf, a  hi  knee  gave way and he fell to the floor. ”I regret it,"  aid Voldemort coldly. He turned away; there wa  no  adne  in him, no remor e. It wa  time to leave thi   hack and take charge, with a wand that would now do hi  full bidding. He pointed it at the  tarry cage holding the  nake, which drifted upward, off  nape, who fell  ideway  onto the floor, blood gu hing from the wound  in hi  neck. Voldemort  wept from the room without a backward glance, and the great  erpent floated after him in it  huge protective  phere. Back in the tunnel and hi  own mind, Harry opened hi  eye ; He had drawn blood biting down on hi  knuckle  in an effort not to  hout out. Now he wa  looking through the tiny crack between crate and wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the floor. “Harry!” breathed Hermione behind him, but he had already pointed hi  wand at the crate blocking hi  view. It lifted an inch into the air and drifted  ideway   ilently. A  quietly a  he could, he pulled him elf up into the room. He did not know why he wa  doing it, why he wa  approaching the dying man: he did not know what he felt a  he  aw Snape'  white face, adn the finger  trying to  taunch the bloody wound at hi  neck. Harry took off the invi ibility cloak and looked down upon the man he hated, who e widening black eye  found Harry a  he cried to  peak. Harry bent over him, and Snape  eized the front of hi  robe  and pulled him clo e. A terrible ra ping, gurgling noi e i ued from Snape'  throat. “Take...it...Take...it...” Something more than blood wa  leaking from Snape. Silvery blue, neither ga  nor liquid, it gu hed form hi  mouth and hi  ear  and hi  eye , and Harry knew what it wa , but did not know what to do-- A fla k, conjured from thin air, wa  thru t into hi   haking hand by Hermione. Harry lfited the  ilvery  ub tance into it with hi  wand. When the fal k wa  full to the brim, and Snape looked a  though there wa  no blood left in him, hi  grip on Harry'  robe   lackened. “Look...at....me...” he whi pered. The green eye  found the black, but after a  econd,  omething in the depth  of the dark pari  eemed to vani h, leaving them fixed, blank, and empty. The hand holding Harry thudded to the floor, and Snape moved no more. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE THE PRINCE’S TALE Harry remained kneeling at Snape’   ide,  imply  taring down at him, until quite  uddenly a high, cold voice  poke  o clo e to them that Harry jumped on hi  feet, the fla k gripped tightly in hi  hand , thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room. Voldemort’  voice reverberated from the wall  and floor, and Harry realized that he wa  talking to Hogwart  and to all the  urrounding area, that the re ident  of Hog meade and all tho e  till fighting in the ca tle would hear him a  clearly a  if he  tood be ide them, hi  breath on the back of their neck , a deathblow away. “You have fought,”  aid the high, cold voice, “valiantly. Lord Voldemort know  how to value bravery. “Yet you have  u tained heavy lo e . If you continue to re i t me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wi h thi  to happen. Every drop of magical blood  pilled i  a lo  and a wa te. “Lord Voldemort i  merciful. I command my force  to retreat immediately. “You have one hour. Di po e of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured. “I  peak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friend  to die for you rather than face me your elf. I  hall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Fore t. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come to me, have not given your elf up, then battle recommence . Thi  time, I  hall enter the fray my elf, Harry Potter, and I  hall find you, and I  hall puni h every la t man, woman, and child who ha  tried to conceal you from me. One hour.” Both Ron and Hermione  hook their head  frantically, looking at Harry. “Don’t li ten to him,”  aid Ron. “It’ll be all right,”  aid Hermione wildly. “Let’  – let’  get back to the ca tle, if he’  gone to the fore t we’ll need to think of a new plan – ” She glanced at Snape’  body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered up the Invi ibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. He did not know what to feel, except  hock at the way Snape had been killed, and the rea on for which it had been done… They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could  till hear Voldemort ringing in their head  a  he could. You have permitted your friend  to die for you rather than face me your elf. I  hall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Fore t…One hour… Small bundle   eemed to litter the lawn at the front of the ca tle (?). It could only be an hour or  o from dawn, yet it wa  pitch-black. The three of them hurried toward the  tone  tep . A lone dog, the  ize of a  mall boat, lay abandoned in front of them. There wa  no other  ign of Grawp or of hi  attacker. The ca tle wa  unnaturally  ilent. There were no fla he  of light now, no bang  or  cream  or  hout . The flag tone  of the de erted entrance hall were  tained with blood. Emerald  were  till  cattered all over the floor, along with piece  of marble and  plintered wood. Part of the bani ter  had been blown away. “Where i  everyone?” whi pered Hermione. Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry  topped in the doorway. The Hou e table  were gone and the room wa  crowded. The  urvivor   tood in group , their arm  around each other’  neck . The injured were being treated upon the rai ed platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helper . Firenze wa  among t the injured; hi  flank poured blood and he  hook where he lay, unable to  tand. The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. Harry could not  ee Fred’  body, becau e hi  family  urrounded him. George wa  kneeling at hi  head; Mr . Wea ley wa  lying acro  Fred’  che t, her body  haking. Mr. Wea ley  troking her hair while tear  ca caded down hi  cheek . Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry  aw Hermione approach Ginny, who e face wa   wollen and blotchy, and hug her. Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron’   houlder . A  Ginny and Hermione moved clo er to the re t of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodie  lying next to Fred. Remu  and Tonk , pale and  till and peaceful-looking, apparently a leep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling. The Great Hall  eemed to fly away, become  maller,  hrink, a  Harry reeled backward from the doorway. He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look at any of the other bodie , to  ee who el e had died for him. He could not bear to join the Wea ley , could not look into their eye , when if he had given him elf up in the fir t place, Fred might never have died… He turned away and ran up the marble  tairca e. Lupin, Tonk … He yearned not to feel… He wi hed he could rip out hi  heart, hi  innard , everything that wa   creaming in ide him… The ca tle wa  completely empty; even the gho t   eemed to have joined the ma  mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without  topping, clutching the cry tal fla k of Snape’  la t thought , and he did not  low down until he reached the  tone gargoyle guarding the headma ter’  office. “Pa word?” “Dumbledore!”  aid Harry without thinking, becau e it wa  he whom he yearned to  ee, and to hi   urpri e the gargoyle  lid a ide revealing the  piral  tairca e behind. But when Harry bur t into the circular office he found a change. The portrait  that hung all around the wall  were empty. Not a  ingle headma ter or headmi tre  remained to  ee him; all, it  eemed, had flitted away, charging through the painting  that lined the ca tle  o that they could have a clear view of what wa  going on. Harry glanced hopele ly at Dumbledore’  de erted frame, which hung directly behind the headma ter’  chair, then turned hi  back on it. The  tone Pen ieve lay in the cabinet where it had alway  been. Harry heaved it onto the de k and poured Snape’  memorie  into the wide ba in with it  runic marking  around the edge. To e cape into  omeone el e’  head would be a ble ed relief… Nothing that even Snape had left him could be wor e than hi  own thought . The memorie   wirled,  ilver white and  trange, and without he itating, with a feeling of reckle  abandonment, a  though thi  would a uage hi  torturing grief, Harry dived. He fell headlong into  unlight, and hi  feet found warm ground. When he  traightened up, he  aw that he wa  in a nearly de erted playground. A  ingle huge chimney dominated the di tant  kyline. Two girl  were  winging backward and forward, and a  kinny boy wa  watching them from behind a clump of bu he . Hi  black hair wa  overlong and hi  clothe  were  o mi matched that it looked deliberate: too  hort jean , a  habby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd  mocklike  hirt. Harry moved clo er to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten year  old,  allow,  mall,  tringy. There wa  undi gui ed greed in hi  thin face a  he watched the younger of the two girl   winging higher and higher than her  i ter. “Lily, don’t do it!”  hrieked the elder of the two. But the girl had let go of the  wing at the very height of it  arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched her elf  kyward with a great  hout of laughter, and in tead of crumpling on the playground a phalt,  he  oared like a trapeze arti t through the air,  taying up far too long, landing far too lightly. “Mummy told you not to!” Petunia  topped her  wing by dragging the heel  of her  andal  on the ground, making a crunching, grinding  ound, then leapt up, hand  on hip . “Mummy  aid you weren’t allowed, Lily!” “But I’m fine,”  aid Lily,  till giggling. “Tuney, look at thi . Watch what I can do.” Petunia glanced around. The playground wa  de erted apart from them elve  and, though the girl  did not know it, Snape. Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bu h behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curio ity and di approval. Lily waited until Petunia wa  near enough to have a clear view, then held out her palm. The flower  at there, opening and clo ing it  petal , like  ome bizarre, many-lipped oy ter. “Stop it!”  hrieked Petunia. “It’  not hurting you,”  aid Lily, but  he clo ed her hand on the blo om and threw it back to the ground. “It’  not right,”  aid Petunia, but her eye  had followed the flower’  flight to the ground and lingered upon it. “How do you do it?”  he added, and there wa  definite longing in her voice. “It’  obviou , i n’t it?” Snape could no longer contain him elf, but had jumped out from behind the bu he . Petunia  hrieked and ran backward toward the  wing , but Lily, though clearly  tartled, remained where  he wa . Snape  eemed to regret hi  appearance. A dull flu h of color mounted the  allow cheek  a  he looked at Lily. “What’  obviou ?” a ked Lily. Snape had an air of nervou  excitement. With a glance at the di tant Petunia, now hovering be ide the  wing , he lowered hi  voice and  aid, “I know what you are.” “What do you mean?” “You’re…you’re a witch,” whi pered Snape. She looked affronted. “That’  not a very nice thing to  ay to  omebody!” She turned, no e in the air, and marched off toward her  i ter. “No!”  aid Snape. He wa  highly colored now, and Harry wondered why he did not take off the ridiculou ly large coat, unle  it wa  becau e he did not want to reveal the  mock beneath it. He flapped after the girl , looking ludicrou ly batlike, like hi  older  elf. The  i ter  con idered him, united in di approval, both holding on to one of the  wing pole , a  though it wa  the  afe place in tag. “You are,”  aid Snape to Lily. “You are a witch. I’ve been watching you for a while. But there’  nothing wrong with that. My mum’  one, and I’m a wizard.” Petunia’  laugh wa  like cold water. “Wizard!”  he  hrieked, her courage returned now that  he had recovered from the  hock of hi  unexpected appearance. “I know who you are. You’re that Snape boy! They live down Spinner’  End by the river,”  he told Lily, and it wa  evident from her tone that  he con idered the addre  a poor recommendation. “Why have you been  pying on u ?” “Haven’t been  pying,”  aid Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright  unlight. “Wouldn’t  py on you, anyway,” he added  pitefully, “you’re a Muggle.” Though Petunia evidently did not under tand the word,  he could hardly mi take the tone. “Lily, come on, we’re leaving!”  he  aid  hrilly. Lily obeyed her  i ter at once, glaring at Snape a   he left. He  tood watching them a  they marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to ob erve him, recognized Snape’  bitter di appointment, and under tood that Snape had been planning thi  moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong… The  cene di olved, and before Harry knew it, re-formed around him. He wa  now in a  mall thicket of tree . He could  ee a  unlit river glittering through their trunk . The  hadow  ca t by the tree  made a ba in of cool green  hade. Two children  at facing each other, cro -legged on the ground. Snape had removed hi  coat now; hi  odd  mock looked le  pecular in the half light. “…and the Mini try can puni h you if you do magic out ide  chool, you get letter .” “But I have done magic out ide  chool!” “We’re all right. We haven’t got wand  yet. They let you off when you’re a kid and you can’t help it. But once you’re eleven,” he nodded importantly, “and they  tart training you, then you’ve got to go careful.” There wa  a little  ilence. Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled it in the air, and Harry knew that  he wa  imagining  park  trailing from it. Then  he dropped the twig, leaned in toward the boy, and  aid, “It i  real, i n’t it? It’  not a joke? Petunia  ay  you’re lying to me. Petunia  ay  there i n’t a Hogwart . It i  real, i n’t it?” “It’  real for u ,”  aid Snape. “Not for her. But we’ll get the letter, you and me.” “Really?” whi pered Lily. “Definitely,”  aid Snape, and even with hi  poorly cut hair and hi  odd clothe , he  truck an oddly impre ive figure  prawled in front of her, brimful of confidence in hi  de tiny. “And will it really come by owl?” Lily whi pered. “Normally,”  aid Snape. “But you’re Muggle-born,  o  omeone from the  chool will have to come and explain to your parent .” “Doe  it make a difference, being Muggle-born?” Snape he itated. Hi  black eye , eager in the greeni h gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair. “No,” he  aid. “It doe n’t make any difference.” “Good,”  aid Lily, relaxing. It wa  clear that  he had been worrying. “You’ve got load  of magic,”  aid Snape. “I  aw that. All the time I wa  watching you…” Hi  voice trailed away;  he wa  not li tening, but had  tretched out on the leafy ground and wa  looking up at the canopy of leave  overhead. He watched her a  greedily a  he had watched her in the playground. “How are thing  at your hou e?” Lily a ked. A little crea e appeared between hi  eye . “Fine,” he  aid. “They’re not arguing anymore?” “Oh ye , they’re arguing,”  aid Snape. He picked up a fi tful of leave  and began tearing them apart, apparently unaware of what he wa  doing. “But it won’t be that long and I’ll be gone.” “Doe n’t your dad like magic?” “He doe n’t like anything, much,”  aid Snape. “Severu ?” A little  mile twi ted Snape’  mouth when  he  aid hi  name. “Yeah?” “Tell me about the dementor  again.” “What d’you want to know about them for?” “If I u e magic out ide  chool – ” “They wouldn’t give you to the dementor  for that! Dementor  are for people who do really bad  tuff. They guard the wizard pri on, Azkaban. You’re not going to end up in Azkaban, you’re too – ” He turned red again and  hredded more leave . Then a  mall ru tling noi e behind Harry made him turn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lo t her footing. “Tuney!”  aid Lily,  urpri e and welcome in her voice, but Snape had jumped to hi  feet. “Who’   pying now?” he  houted. “What d’you want?” Petunia wa  breathle , alarmed at being caught. Harry could  ee her  truggling for  omething hurtful to  ay. “What i  that you’re wearing, anyway?”  he  aid, pointing at Snape’  che t. “Your mum’  blou e?” There wa  a crack. A branch over Petunia’  head had fallen. Lily  creamed. The branch caught Petunia on the  houlder, and  he  taggered backward and bur t into tear . “Tuney!” But Petunia wa  running away. Lily rounded on Snape. “Did you make that happen?” “No.” He looked both defiant and  cared. “You did!” She wa  backing away from him. “You did! You hurt her!” “No – no, I didn’t!” But the lie did not convince Lily. After one la t burning look,  he ran from the little thicket, off after her  i ter, and Snape looked mi erable and confu ed… And the  cene re-formed. Harry looked around. He wa  on platform nine and three quarter , and Snape  tood be ide him,  lightly hunched, next to a thin,  allow-faced,  our-looking woman who greatly re embled him. Snape wa   taring at a family of four a  hort di tance away. The two girl   tood a little apart from their parent . Lily  eemed to be pleading with her  i ter. Harry moved clo er to li ten. “…I’m  orry, Tuney, I’m  orry! Li ten – ” She caught her  i ter’  hand and held tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pull it away. “Maybe once I’m there – no, li ten, Tuney! Maybe once I’m there, I’ll be able to go to Profe or Dumbledore and per uade him to change hi  mind!” “I don’t – want – to – go!”  aid Petunia, and  he dragged her hand back out of her  i ter’  gra p. “You think I want to go to  ome  tupid ca tle and learn to be a – a…” Her pale eye  roved over the platform, over the cat  mewling in their owner ’ arm , over the owl , fluttering and hooting at each other in cage , over the  tudent ,  ome already in their long black robe , loading trunk  onto the  carlet  team engine or el e greeting one another with glad crie  after a  ummer apart. “ – you think I want to be a – a freak?” Lily’  eye  filled with tear  a  Petunia  ucceeded in tugging her hand away. “I’m not a freak,”  aid Lily. “That’  a horrible thing to  ay.” “That’  where you’re going,”  aid Petunia with reli h. “A  pecial  chool for freak . You and that Snape boy…weirdo , that’  what you two are. It’  good you’re being  eparated from normal people. It’  for our  afety.” Lily glanced toward her parent , who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinking in the  cene. Then  he looked back at her  i ter, and her voice wa  low and fierce. “You didn’t think it wa   uch a freak’   chool when you wrote to the headma ter and begged him to take you.” Petunia turned  carlet. “Beg? I didn’t beg!” “I  aw hi  reply. It wa  very kind.” “You  houldn’t have read – ” whi pered Petunia, “that wa  my private – how could you – ?” Lily gave her elf away by half-glancing toward where Snape  tood nearby. Petunia ga ped. “That boy found it! You and that boy have been  neaking in my room!” “No – not  neaking – ” Now Lily wa  on the defen ive. “Severu   aw the envelope, and he couldn’t believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwart , that’  all! He  ay  there mu t be wizard  working undercover in the po tal  ervice who take care of – ” “Apparently wizard  poke their no e  in everywhere!”  aid Petunia, now a  pale a   he had been flu hed. “Freak!”  he  pat at her  i ter, and  he flounced off to where her parent   tood… The  cene di olved again. Snape wa  hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwart  Expre  a  it clattered through the country ide. He had already changed into hi   chool robe , had perhap  taken the fir t opportunity to take off hi  dreadful Muggle clothe . At la t he  topped, out ide a compartment in which a group of rowdy boy  were talking. Hunched in a corner  eat be ide the window wa  Lily, her face pre ed again t the windowpane. Snape  lid open the compartment door and  at down oppo ite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked back out of the window. She had been crying. “I don’t want to talk to you,”  he  aid in a con tricted voice. “Why not?” “Tuney h-hate  me. Becau e we  aw that letter from Dumbledore.” “So what?” She threw him a look of deep di like. “So  he’  my  i ter!” “She’  only a – ” He caught him elf quickly; Lily, too bu y trying to wipe her eye  without being noticed, did not hear him. “But we’re going!” he  aid, unable to  uppre  the exhilaration in hi  voice. “Thi  i  it! We’re off to Hogwart !” She nodded, mopping her eye , but in  pite of her elf,  he half  miled. “You’d better be in Slytherin,”  aid Snape, encouraged that  he had brightened a little. “Slytherin?” One of the boy   haring the compartment, who had  hown no intere t at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, who e attention had been focu ed entirely on the two be ide the window,  aw hi  father:  light, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape  o con picuou ly lacked. “Who want  to be in Slytherin? I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?” Jame  a ked the boy lounging on the  eat  oppo ite him, and with a jolt, Harry realized that it wa  Siriu . Siriu  did not  mile. “My whole family have been in Slytherin,” he  aid. “Blimey,”  aid Jame , “and I thought you  eemed all right!” Siriu  grinned. “Maybe I’ll break the tradition. Where are you heading, if you’ve got the choice?” Jame  lifted an invi ible  word. “‘Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!’ Like my dad.” Snape made a  mall, di paraging noi e. Jame  turned on him. “Got a problem with that?” “No,”  aid Snape, though hi   light  neer  aid otherwi e. “If you’d rather be brawny than brainy – ” “Where’re you hoping to go,  eeing a  you’re neither?” interjected Siriu . Jame  roared with laughter. Lily  at up, rather flu hed, and looked from Jame  to Siriu  in di like. “Come on, Severu , let’  find another compartment.” “Oooooo…” Jame  and Siriu  imitated her lofty voice; Jame  tried to trip Snape a  he pa ed. “See ya, Snivellu !” a voice called, a  the compartment door  lammed… And the  cene di olved once more… Harry wa   tanding right behind Snape a  they faced the candlelit Hou e table , lined with rapt face . Then Profe or McGonagall  aid, “Evan , Lily!” He watched hi  mother walk forward on trembling leg  and  it down upon the rickety  tool. Profe or McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head, and barely a  econd after it had touched the dark red hair, the hat cried, “Gryffindor!” Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off the hat, handed it back to Profe or McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindor , but a   he went  he glanced back at Snape, and there wa  a  ad little  mile on her face. Harry  aw Siriu  move up the bench to make room for her. She took one look at him,  eemed to recognize him from the train, folded her arm , and firmly turned her back on him. The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and hi  father join Lily and Siriu  at the Gryffindor table. At la t, when only a dozen  tudent  remained to be  orted, Profe or McGonagall called Snape. Harry walked with him to the  tool, watched him place the hat upon hi  head. “Slytherin!” cried the Sorting Hat. And Severu  Snape moved off to the other  ide of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherin  were cheering him, to where Luciu  Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon hi  che t, patted Snape on the back a  he  at down be ide him… And the  cene changed… Lily and Snape were walking acro  the ca tle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with them, to li ten in. A  he reached them, he realized how much taller they both were. A few year   eemed to have pa ed  ince their Sorting. “…thought we were  uppo ed to be friend ?” Snape wa   aying, “Be t friend ?” “We are, Sev, but I don’t like  ome of the people you’re hanging round with! I’m  orry, but I dete t Avery and Mulciber! Mulciber! What do you  ee in him, Sev, he’  creepy! D’you know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?” Lily had reached a pillar and leaned again t it, looking up into the thin,  allow face. “That wa  nothing,”  aid Snape. “It wa  a laugh, that’  all – ” “It wa  Dark Magic, and if you think that’  funny – ” “What about the  tuff Potter and hi  mate  get up to?” demanded Snape. Hi  color ro e again a  he  aid it, unable, it  eemed, to hold in hi  re entment. “What’  Potter got to do with anything?”  aid Lily. “They  neak out at night. There’   omething weird about that Lupin. Where doe  he keep going?” “He’  ill,”  aid Lily. “They  ay he’  ill – ” “Every month at the full moon?”  aid Snape. “I know your theory,”  aid Lily, and  he  ounded cold. “Why are you  o ob e ed with them anyway? Why do you care what they’re doing at night?” “I’m ju t trying to  how you they’re not a  wonderful a  everyone  eem  to think they are.” The inten ity of hi  gaze made her blu h. “They don’t u e Dark Magic, though.” She dropped her voice. “And you’re being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went  neaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow, and Jame  Potter  aved you from whatever’  down there – ” Snape’  whole face contorted and he  pluttered, “Saved? Saved? You think he wa  playing the hero? He wa   aving hi  neck and hi  friend ’ too! You’re not going to – I won’t let you – ” “Let me? Let me?” Lily’  bright green eye  were  lit . Snape backtracked at once. “I didn’t m ean – I ju t don’t want to  ee you made a fool of – He fancie  you, Jame  Potter fancie  you!” The word   eemed wrenched from him again t hi  will. “And he’  not…everyone think …big Quidditch hero – ” Snape’  bitterne  and di like were rendering him incoherent, and Lily’  eyebrow  were traveling farther and farther up her forehead. “I know Jame  Potter’  an arrogant toerag,”  he  aid, cutting acro  Snape. “I don’t need you to tell me that. But Mulciber’  and Avery’  idea of humor i  ju t evil. Evil, Sev. I don’t under tand how you can be friend  with them.” Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her  tricture  on Mulciber and Avery. The moment  he had in ulted Jame  Potter, hi  whole body had relaxed, and a  they walked away there wa  a new  pring in Snape’   tep… And the  cene di olved… Harry watched again a  Snape left the Great Hall after  itting hi  O.W.L. in Defen e Again t the Dark Art , watched a  he wandered away from the ca tle and  trayed inadvertently clo e to the place beneath the beech tree where Jame , Siriu , Lupin, and Pettigrew  at together. But Harry kept hi  di tance thi  time, becau e he knew what happened after Jame  had hoi ted Severu  into the air and taunted him; he knew what had been done and  aid, and it gave him no plea ure to hear it again… He watched a  Lily joined the group and went to Snape’  defen e. Di tantly he heard Snape  hout at her in hi  humiliation and hi  fury, the unforgivable word: “Mudblood.” The  cene changed… “I’m  orry.” “I’m not intere ted.” “I’m  orry!” “Save your breath” It wa  nighttime. Lily, who wa  wearing a dre ing gown,  tood with her arm  folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower. “I only came out becau e Mary told me you were threatening to  leep here.” “I wa . I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it ju t – ” “Slipped out?” There wa  no pity in Lily’  voice. “It’  too late. I’ve made excu e  for you for year . None of my friend  can under tand why I even talk to you. You and your preciou  little Death Eater friend  – you  ee, you don’t even deny it! You don’t even deny that’  what you’re all aiming to be! You can’t wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?” He opened hi  mouth, but clo ed it without  peaking. “I can’t pretend anymore. You’ve cho en your way, I’ve cho en mine.” “No – li ten, I didn’t mean – ” “ – to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severu . Why  hould I be any different?” He  truggled on the verge of  peech, but with a contemptuou  look  he turned and climbed back through the portrait hole… The corridor di olved, and the  cene took a little longer to reform: Harry  eemed to fly through  hifting  hape  and color  until hi   urrounding   olidified again and he  tood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkne , the wind whi tling through the branche  of a few leafle  tree . The adult Snape wa  panting, turning on the  pot, hi  wand gripped tightly in hi  hand, waiting for  omething or for  omeone… Hi  fear infected Harry too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over hi   houlder, wondering what it wa  that Snape wa  waiting for – Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air. Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to hi  knee  and hi  wand had flown out of hi  hand. “Don’t kill me!” “That wa  not my intention.” Any  ound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the  ound of the wind in the branche . He  tood before Snape with hi  robe  whipping around him, and hi  face wa  illuminated from below in the light ca t by hi  wand. “Well, Severu ? What me age doe  Lord Voldemort have for me?” “No – no me age – I’m here on my own account!” Snape wa  wringing hi  hand . He looked a little mad, with hi   traggling black hair flying around him. “I – I come with a warning – no, a reque t – plea e – ” Dumbledore flicked hi  wand. Though leave  and branche   till flew through the night air around them,  ilence fell on the  pot where he and Snape faced each other. “What reque t could a Death Eater make of me?” “The – the prophecy…the prediction…Trelawney…” “Ah, ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?” “Everything – everything I heard!”  aid Snape. “That i  why – it i  for that rea on – he think  it mean  Lily Evan !” “The prophecy did not refer to a woman,”  aid Dumbledore. “It  poke of a boy born at the end of July – ” “You know what I mean! He think  it mean  her  on, he i  going to hunt her down – kill them all – ” “If  he mean   o much to you,”  aid Dumbledore, “ urely Lord Voldemort will  pare her? Could you not a k for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the  on?” “I have – I have a ked him – ” “You di gu t me,”  aid Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard  o much contempt in hi  voice. Snape  eemed to  hrink a little, “You do not care, then, about the death  of her hu band and child? They can die, a  long a  you have what you want?” Snape  aid nothing, but merely looked up at Dumbledore. “Hide them all, then,” he croaked. “Keep her – them –  afe. Plea e.” “And what will you give me in return, Severu ?” “In – in return?” Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected him to prote t, but after a long moment he  aid, “Anything.” The hilltop faded, and Harry  tood in Dumbledore’  office, and  omething wa  making a terrible  ound, like a wounded animal. Snape wa   lumped forward in a chair and Dumbledore wa   tanding over him, looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape rai ed hi  face, and he looked like a man who had lived a hundred year  of mi ery  ince leaving the wild hilltop. “I thought…you were going…to keep her… afe…” “She and Jame  put their faith in the wrong per on,”  aid Dumbledore. “Rather like you, Severu . Weren’t you hoping that Lord Voldemort would  pare her?” Snape’  breathing wa   hallow. “Her boy  urvive ,”  aid Dumbledore. With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape  eemed to flick off an irk ome fly. “Her  on live . He ha  her eye , preci ely her eye . You remember the  hape and color of Lily Evan ’  eye , I am  ure?” “DON’T!” bellowed Snape. “Gone…dead…” “I  thi  remor e, Severu ?” “I wi h…I wi h I were dead…” “And what u e would that be to anyone?”  aid Dumbledore coldly. “If you loved Lily Evan , if you truly loved her, then your way forward i  clear.” Snape  eemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore’  word  appeared to take a long time to reach him. “What – what do you mean?” “You know how and why  he died. Make  ure it wa  not in vain. Help me protect Lily’   on.” “He doe  not need protection. The Dark Lord ha  gone – ” “The Dark Lord will return, and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he doe .” There wa  a long pau e, and  lowly Snape regained control of him elf, ma tered hi  own breathing. At la t he  aid, “Very well. Very well. But never – never tell, Dumbledore! Thi  mu t be between u ! Swear it! I cannot bear…e pecially Potter’   on…I want your word!” “My word, Severu , that I  hall never reveal the be t of you?” Dumbledore  ighed, looking down into Snape’  ferociou , angui hed face. “If you in i t…” The office di olved but re-formed in tantly. Snape wa  pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore. “ – mediocre, arrogant a  hi  father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find him elf famou , attention- eeking and impertinent – ” “You  ee what you expect to  ee, Severu ,”  aid Dumbledore, without rai ing hi  eye  from a copy of Tran figuration Today. “Other teacher  report that the boy i  mode t, likable, and rea onably talented. Per onally, I find him an engaging child.” Dumbledore turned a page, and  aid, without looking up, “Keep an eye on Quirrell, won’t you?” A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and Snape and Dumbledore  tood a little apart in the entrance hall, while the la t  traggler  from the Yule Ball pa ed them on their way to bed. “Well?” murmured Dumbledore. “Karkaroff’  Mark i  becoming darker too. He i  panicking, he fear  retribution; you know how much help he gave the Mini try after the Dark Lord fell.” Snape looked  ideway  at Dumbledore’  crooked-no ed profile. “Karkaroff intend  to flee if the Mark burn .” “Doe  he?”  aid Dumbledore  oftly, a  Fleur Delacour and Roger Davie  came giggling in from the ground . “And are you tempted to join him?” “No,”  aid Snape, hi  black eye  on Fleur’  and Roger’  retreating figure . “I am not  uch a coward.” “No,” agreed Dumbledore. “You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I  ometime  think we Sort too  oon…” He walked away, leaving Snape looking  tricken… And now Harry  tood in the headma ter’  office yet again. It wa  nighttime, and Dumbledore  agged  ideway  in the thronelike chair behind the de k, apparently  emicon ciou . Hi  right hand dangled over the  ide, blackened and burned. Snape wa  muttering incantation , pointing hi  wand at the wri t of the hand, while with hi  left hand he tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore’  throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledore’  eyelid  fluttered and opened. “Why,”  aid Snape, without preamble, “why did you put on that ring? It carrie  a cur e,  urely you realized that. Why even touch it?” Marvolo Gaunt’  ring lay on the de k before Dumbledore. It wa  cracked; the  word of Gryffindor lay be ide it. Dumbledore grimaced. “I…wa  a fool. Sorely tempted…” “Tempted by what?” Dumbledore did not an wer. “It i  a miracle you managed to return here!” Snape  ounded furiou . “That ring carried a cur e of extraordinary power, to contain it i  all we can hope for; I have trapped the cur e in one hand for the time being – ” Dumbledore rai ed hi  blackened, u ele  hand, and examined it with the expre ion of one being  hown an intere ting curio. “You have done very well, Severu . How long do you think I have?” Dumbledore’  tone wa  conver ational; he might have been a king for a weather foreca t. Snape he itated, and then  aid, “I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There i  no halting  uch a  pell forever. It will  pread eventually, it i  the  ort of cur e that  trengthen  over time.” Dumbledore  miled. The new  that he had le  than a year to live  eemed a matter of little or no concern to him. “I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severu .” “If you had only  ummoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time!”  aid Snape furiou ly. He looked down at the broken ring and the  word. “Did you think that breaking the ring would break the cur e?” “Something like that…I wa  deliriou , no doubt…”  aid Dumbledore. With an effort he  traightened him elf in hi  chair. “Well, really, thi  make  matter  much more  traightforward.” Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore  miled. “I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort i  revolving around me. Hi  plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me.” Snape  at down in the chair Harry had  o often occupied, acro  the de k from Dumbledore. Harry could tell that he wanted to  ay more on the  ubject of Dumbledore’  cur ed hand, but the other held it up in polite refu al to di cu  the matter further. Scowling, Snape  aid, “The Dark Lord doe  not expect Draco to  ucceed. Thi  i  merely puni hment for Luciu ’  recent failure . Slow torture for Draco’  parent , while they watch him fail and pay the price.” “In  hort, the boy ha  had a death  entence pronounced upon him a   urely a  I have,”  aid Dumbledore. “Now, I  hould have thought the natural  ucce or to the job, once Draco fail , i  your elf?” There wa  a  hort pau e. “That, I think, i  the Dark Lord’  plan.” “Lord Voldemort fore ee  a moment in the near future when he will not need a  py at Hogwart ?” “He believe  the  chool will  oon be in hi  gra p, ye .” “And if it doe  fall into hi  gra p,”  aid Dumbledore, almo t, it  eemed, a  an a ide, “I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the  tudent  at Hogwart ?” Snape gave a  tiff nod. “Good. Now then. Your fir t priority will be to di cover what Draco i  up to. A frightened teenage boy i  a danger to other  a  well a  to him elf. Offer him help and guidance, he ought to accept, he like  you – ” “ – much le   ince hi  father ha  lo t favor. Draco blame  me, he think  I have u urped Luciu ’  po ition.” “All the  ame, try. I am concerned le  for my elf than for accidental victim  of whatever  cheme  might occur to the boy. Ultimately, of cour e, there i  only one thing to be done if we are to  ave him from Lord Voldemort’  wrath.” Snape rai ed hi  eyebrow  and hi  tone wa   ardonic a  he a ked, “Are you intending to let him kill you?” “Certainly not. You mu t kill me.” There wa  a long  ilence, broken only by an odd clicking noi e. Fawke  the phoenix wa  gnawing a bit of cuttlebone. “Would you like me to do it now?” a ked Snape, hi  voice heavy with irony. “Or would you like a few moment  to compo e an epitaph?” “Oh, not quite yet,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “I dare ay the moment will pre ent it elf in due cour e. Given what ha  happened tonight,” he indicated hi  withered hand, “we can be  ure that it will happen within a year.” “If you don’t mind dying,”  aid Snape roughly, “why not let Draco do it?” “That boy’   oul i  not yet  o damaged,”  aid Dumbledore. “I would not have it ripped apart on my account.” “And my  oul, Dumbledore? Mine?” “You alone know whether it will harm your  oul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation,”  aid Dumbledore. “I a k thi  one great favor of you, Severu , becau e death i  coming for me a   urely a  the Chudley Cannon  will fini h bottom of thi  year’  league. I confe  I  hould prefer a quick, painle  exit to the protracted and me y affair it will be if, for in tance, Greyback i  involved – I hear Voldemort ha  recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who like  to play with her food before  he eat  it.” Hi  tone wa  light, but hi  blue eye  pierced Snape a  they had frequently pierced Harry, a  though the  oul they di cu ed wa  vi ible to him. At la t Snape gave another curt nod. Dumbledore  eemed  ati fied. “Thank you, Severu …” The office di appeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were  trolling together in the de erted ca tle ground  by twilight. “What are you doing with Potter, all the e evening  you are clo eted together?” Snape a ked abruptly. Dumbledore looked weary. “Why? You aren’t trying to give him more detention , Severu ? The boy will  oon have  pent more time in detention than out.” “He i  hi  father over again – ” “In look , perhap , but hi  deepe t nature i  much more like hi  mother’ . I  pend time with Harry becau e I have thing  to di cu  with him, information I mu t give him before it i  too late.” “Information,” repeated Snape. “You tru t him…you do not tru t me.” “It i  not a que tion of tru t. I have, a  we both know, limited time. It i  e ential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he need  to do.” “And why may I not have the  ame information?” “I prefer not to put all of my  ecret  in one ba ket, particularly not a ba ket that  pend   o much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort.” “Which I do on your order !” “And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I undere timate the con tant danger in which you place your elf, Severu . To give Voldemort what appear  to be valuable information while withholding the e ential  i  a job I would entru t to nobody but you.” “Yet you confide much more in a boy who i  incapable of Occlumency, who e magic i  mediocre, and who ha  a direct connection into the Dark Lord’  mind!” “Voldemort fear  that connection,”  aid Dumbledore. “Not  o long ago he had one  mall ta te of what truly  haring Harry’  mind mean  to him. It wa  pain  uch a  he ha  never experienced. He will not try to po e  Harry again, I am  ure of it. Not in that way.” “I don’t under tand.” “Lord Voldemort’   oul, maimed a  it i , cannot bear clo e contact with a  oul like Harry’ . Like a tongue on frozen  teel, like fle h in flame – ” “Soul ? We were talking of mind !” “In the ca e of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to  peak of one i  to  peak of the other.” Dumbledore glanced around to make  ure that they were alone. They were clo e by the Forbidden Fore t now, but there wa  no  ign of anyone near them. “After you have killed me, Severu  – ” “You refu e to tell me everything, yet you expect that  mall  ervice of me!”  narled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. “You take a great deal for granted, Dumbledore! Perhap  I have changed my mind!” “You gave me your word, Severu . And while we are talking about  ervice  you owe me, I thought you agreed to keep a clo e eye on our young Slytherin friend?” Snape looked angry, mutinou . Dumbledore  ighed. “Come to my office tonight, Severu , at eleven, and you  hall not complain that I have no confidence in you…” They were back in Dumbledore’  office, the window  dark, and Fawke   at  ilent a  Snape  at quite  till, a  Dumbledore walked around him, talking. “Harry mu t not know, not until the la t moment, not until it i  nece ary, otherwi e how could he have the  trength to do what mu t be done?” “But what mu t he do?” “That i  between Harry and me. Now li ten clo ely, Severu . There will come a time – after my death – do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will  eem to fear for the life of hi   nake.” “For Nagini?” Snape looked a toni hed. “Preci ely. If there come  a time when Lord Voldemort  top   ending that  nake forth to do hi  bidding, but keep  it  afe be ide him under magical protection, then, I think, it will be  afe to tell Harry.” “Tell him what?” Dumbledore took a deep breath and clo ed hi  eye . “Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily ca t her own life between them a  a  hield, the Killing Cur e rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemort’   oul wa  bla ted apart from the whole, and latched it elf onto the only living  oul left in that collap ed building. Part of Lord Voldemort live  in ide Harry, and it i  that which give  him the power of  peech with  nake , and a connection with Lord Voldemort’  mind that he ha  never under tood. And while that fragment of  oul, unmi ed by Voldemort, remain  attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die.” Harry  eemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel, they were  o far away from him, their voice  echoing  trangely in hi  ear . “So the boy…the boy mu t die?” a ked Snape quite calmly. “And Voldemort him elf mu t do it, Severu . That i  e ential.” Another long  ilence. Then Snape  aid, “I thought…all tho e year …that we were protecting him for her. For Lily.” “We have protected him becau e it ha  been e ential to teach him, to rai e him, to let him try hi   trength,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  eye   till tight  hut. “Meanwhile, the connection between them grow  ever  tronger, a para itic growth. Sometime  I have thought he  u pect  it him elf. If I know him, he will have arranged matter   o that when he doe   et out to meet hi  death, it will truly mean the end of Voldemort.” Dumbledore opened hi  eye . Snape looked horrified. “You have kept him alive  o that he can die at the right moment?” “Don’t be  hocked, Severu . How many men and women have you watched die?” “Lately, only tho e whom I could not  ave,”  aid Snape. He  tood up. “You have u ed me.” “Meaning?” “I have  pied for you and lied for you, put my elf in mortal danger for you. Everything wa   uppo ed to be to keep Lily Potter’   on  afe. Now you tell me you have been rai ing him like a pig for  laughter – ” “But thi  i  touching, Severu ,”  aid Dumbledore  eriou ly. “Have you grown to care for the boy, after all?” “For him?”  houted Snape. “Expecto Patronum!” From the tip of hi  wand bur t the  ilver doe. She landed on the office floor, bounded once acro  the office, and  oared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and a  her  ilvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and hi  eye  were full of tear . “After all thi  time?” “Alway ,”  aid Snape. And the  cene  hifted. Now, Harry  aw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind hi  de k. “You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry’  departure from hi  aunt and uncle’ ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Not to do  o will rai e  u picion, when Voldemort believe  you  o well informed. However, you mu t plant the idea of decoy ; that, I think, ought to en ure Harry’   afety. Try Confunding Mundungu  Fletcher. And Severu , if you are forced to take part in the cha e, be  ure to act your part convincingly…I am counting upon you to remain in Lord Voldemort’  good book  a  long a  po ible, or Hogwart  will be left to the mercy of the Carrow …” Now Snape wa  head to head with Mundungu  in an unfamiliar tavern, Mundungu ’  face looking curiou ly blank, Snape frowning in concentration. “You will  ugge t to the Order of the Phoenix,” Snape murmured, “that they u e decoy . Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potter . It’  the only thing that might work. You will forget that I have  ugge ted thi . You will pre ent it a  your own idea. You under tand?” “I under tand,” murmured Mundungu , hi  eye  unfocu ed… Now Harry wa  flying along ide Snape on a broom tick through a clear dark night: He wa  accompanied by other hodded Death Eater , and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who wa  really George… A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and rai ed hi  wand, pointing it directly at Lupin’  back. “Sectum empra!”  houted Snape. But the  pell, intended for the Death Eater’  wand hand, mi ed and hit George in tead – And next, Snape wa  kneeling in Siriu ’  old bedroom. Tear  were dripping from the end of hi  hooked no e a  he read the old letter from Lily. The  econd page carried only a few word : could ever have been friend  with Gellert Grindelwald. I think her mind’  going, per onally! Lot  of love, Lily Snape took the page bearing Lily’   ignature, and her love, and tucked it in ide hi  robe . Then he ripped in two the photograph he wa  al o holding,  o that he kept the part from which Lily laughed, throwing the portion  howing Jame  and Harry back onto the floor, under the che t of drawer … And now Snape  tood again in the headma ter’   tudy a  Phinea  Nigellu  came hurrying into hi  portrait. “Headma ter! They are camping in the Fore t of Dean! The Mudblood – ” “Do not u e that word!” “ – the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place a   he opened her bag and I heard her!” “Good. Very good!” cried the portrait of Dumbledore behind the headma ter’  chair. “Now, Severu , the  word! Do not forget that it mu t be taken under condition  of need and valor – and he mu t not know that you give it! If Voldemort  hould read Harry’  mind and  ee you acting for him – ” “I know,”  aid Snape curtly. He approached the portrait of Dumbledore and pulled at it   ide. It  wung forward, revealing a hidden cavity behind it from which he took the  word of Gryffindor. “And you  till aren’t going to tell me why it’   o important to give Potter the  word?”  aid Snape a  he  wung a traveling cloak over hi  robe . “No, I don’t think  o,”  aid Dumbledore’  portrait. “He will know what to do with it. And Severu , be very careful, they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Wea ley’  mi hap – ” Snape turned at the door. “Don’t worry, Dumbledore,” he  aid coolly. “I have a plan…” And Snape left the room. Harry ro e up out of the Pen ieve, and moment  later he lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the  ame room  Snape might ju t have clo ed the door. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR THE FOREST AGAIN Finally, the truth. Lying with hi  face pre ed into the du ty carpet of the office where he had once thought he wa  learning the  ecret  of victory, Harry under tood at la t that he wa  not  uppo ed to  urvive. Hi  job wa  to walk calmly into Death’  welcoming arm . Along the way, he wa  to di po e of Voldemort’  remaining link  to life,  o that when at la t he flung him elf acro  Voldemort’  path, and did not rai e a wand to defend him elf, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godric’  Hollow would be fini hed. Neither would live, neither could  urvive. He felt hi  heart pounding fiercely in hi  che t. How  trange that in hi  dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have to  top, and  oon. It  beat  were numbered. How many would there be time for, a  he ro e and walked through the ca tle for the la t time, out into the ground  and into the fore t? Terror wa hed over him a  he lay on the floor, with that funeral drum pounding in ide him. Would it hurt to die? All tho e time  he had thought that it wa  about to happen and e caped, he had never really thought of the thing it elf: Hi  will to live had alway  been  o much  tronger than hi  fear of death. Yet it did not occur to him now to try to e cape, to outrun Voldemort. It wa  over, he knew it, and all that wa  left wa  the thing it elf: dying. If he could only have died on that  ummer’  night when he had left number four, Privet Drive, for the la t time, when the noble phoenix feather wand had  aved him! If he could only have died like Hedwig,  o quickly he would not have known it had happened! Or if he could have launched him elf in front of a wand to  ave  omeone he loved . . . He envied even hi  parent ’ death  now. Thi  cold-blooded walk to hi  own de truction would require a different kind of bravery. He felt hi  finger  trembling  lightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could  ee him; the portrait  on the wall  were all empty. Slowly, very  lowly, he  at up, and a  he did  o he felt more alive and more aware of hi  own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he wa , brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone . . . or at lea t, he would be gone from it. Hi  breath came  low and deep, and hi  mouth and throat were completely dry, but  o were hi  eye . Dumbledore’  betrayal wa  almo t nothing. Of cour e there had been a bigger plan: Harry had  imply been too fooli h to  ee it, he realized that now. He had never que tioned hi  own a umption that Dumbledore wanted him alive. Now he  aw that hi  life  pan had alway  been determined by how long it took to eliminate all the Horcruxe . Dumbledore had pa ed the job of de troying them to him, and obediently he had continued to chip away at the bond  tying not only Voldemort, but him elf, to life! How neat, how elegant, not to wa te any more live , but to give the dangerou  ta k to the boy who had already been marked for  laughter, and who e death would not be a calamity, but another blow again t Voldemort. And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even though it wa  hi  end, becau e he had taken trouble to get to know him, hadn’t he? Dumbledore knew, a  Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone el e die for him now that he had di covered it wa  in hi  power to  top it. The image  of Fred, Lupin, and Tonk  lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way back into hi  mind’  eye, and for a moment he could hardly breathe. Death wa  impatient . . . But Dumbledore had overe timated him. He had failed: The  nake  urvived. One Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True, that would mean an ea ier job for  omebody. He wondered who would do it . . . Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of cour e . . . That would have been why Dumbledore wanted him to confide in two other  . . .  o that if he fulfilled hi  true de tiny a little early, they could carry on . . . Like rain on a cold window, the e thought  pattered again t the hard  urface of the incontrovertible truth, which wa  that he mu t die. I mu t die. It mu t end. Ron and Hermione  eemed a long way away, in a far-off country; he felt a  though he had parted from them long ago. There would be no good-bye  and no explanation , he wa  determined of that. Thi  wa  a journey they could not take together, and the attempt  they would make to  top him would wa te valuable time. He looked down at the battered gold watch he had received on hi   eventeenth birthday. Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for hi   urrender had elap ed. He  tood up. Hi  heart wa  leaping again t hi  rib  like a frantic bird. Perhap  it knew it had little time left, perhap  it wa  determined to fulfill a lifetime’  beat  before the end. He did not look back a  he clo ed the office door. The ca tle wa  empty. He felt gho tly  triding through it alone, a  if he had already died. The portrait people were  till mi ing from their frame ; the whole place wa  eerily  till, a  if all it  remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourner  were crammed. Harry pulled the Invi ibility Cloak over him elf and de cended through the floor , at la t walking down the marble  tairca e into the entrance hall. Perhap   ome tiny part of him hoped to be  en ed, to be  een, to be  topped, but the Cloak wa , a  ever, impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front door  ea ily. Then Neville nearly walked into him. He wa  one half of a pair that wa  carrying a body in from the ground . Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to hi   tomach: Colon Creevey, though underage, mu t have  neaked back ju t a  Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done. He wa  tiny in death. “You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville,”  aid Oliver Wood, and he heaved Colin over hi   houlder in a fireman’  lift and carried him into the Great Hall. Neville leaned again t the door frame for a moment and wiped hi  forehead with the back of hi  hand. He looked like an old man. Then he  et off on the  tep  again into the darkne  to recover more bodie . Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling be ide the dead, but he could not  ee any of the people he loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Wea ley , no Luna. He felt he would have given all the time remaining to him for ju t one la t look at them; but then, would he ever have the  trength to  top looking? It wa  better like thi . He moved down the  tep  and out into the darkne . It wa  nearly four in the morning, and the deathly  tillne  of the ground  felt a  though they were holding their breath, waiting to  ee whether he could do what he mu t. Harry moved toward Neville, who wa  bending over another body. “Neville.” “Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!” Harry had pulled off the Cloak: The idea had come to him out of nowhere, born out of a de ire to make ab olutely  ure. “Where are you going, alone?” Neville a ked  u piciou ly. “It’  all part of the plan,”  aid Harry. “There’   ometing I’ve got to do. Li ten --- Neville ---“ “Harry!” Neville looked  uddenly  cared. “Harry, you’re not thinking of handing your elf over?” “No,” Harry lied ea ily. “’Cour e not . . . thi  i   omething el e. But I might be out of  ight for a while. You know Voldemort’   nake. Neville? He’  got a huge  nake . . . Call  it Nagini . . .” “I’ve heard, yeah . . . What about it?” “It’  got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but ju t in ca e they ---“ The awfulne  of that po ibility  mothered him for a moment, made it impo ible to keep talking. But he pulled him elf together again: Thi  wa  crucial, he mu t be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make  ure there were backup , other  to carry on. Dumbledore had died knowing that three people  till knew about the Horcruxe ; now Neville would take Harry’  place: There would  till be three in the  ecret. “Ju t in ca e they’re --- bu y --- and you get the chance ---“ “Kill the  nake?” “Kill the  nake,” Harry repeated. “All right, Harry. You’re okay, are you?” “I’m fine. Thank , Neville.” But Neville  eized hi  wri t a  Harry made to move on. “We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?” “Yeah, I ---“ The  uffocating feeling extingui hed the end of the  entence; he could not go on. Neville did not  eem to find it  trange. He patted Harry on the  houlder, relea ed him, and walked away to look for more bodie . Harry  wung the Cloak back over him elf and walked on. Someone el e wa  moving not far away,  tooping over another prone figure on the ground. He wa  feet away from her when he realized it wa  Ginny. He  topped in hi  track . She wa  crouching over a girl who wa  whi pering for her mother. “It’  all right,” Ginny wa   aying. “It’  ok. We’re going to get you in ide.” “But I want to go home,” whi pered the girl. “I don’t want to fight anymore!” “I know,”  aid Ginny, and her voice broke. “It’  going to be all right.” Ripple  of cold undulated over Harry’   kin. He wanted to  hout out to the night, he wanted Ginny to know that he wa  there, he wanted her to know where he wa  going. He wanted to be  topped, to be dragged back, to be  ent back home. . . . But he wa  home. Hogward  wa  the fir t and be t home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boy , had all found home here. . . . Ginny wa  kneeling be ide the injured girl now, holding her hand. With a huge effort Harry forced him elf on. He thought he  aw Ginny look around a  he pa ed, and wondered whether  he had  en ed  omeone walking nearby, but he did not  peak, and he did not look back. Hagrid’  hut loomed out of the darkne . There were no light , no  ound of Fang  crabbling at the door, hi  bark booming in welcome. All tho e vi it  to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cake  and giant grub , and hi  great bearded face, and Ron vomiting  lug , and Hermione helping him  ave Norbert . . . He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the fore t, and he  topped. A  warm of dementor  wa  gliding among t the tree ; he could feel their chill, and he wa  not  ure he would be able to pa   afely through it. He had not  trength left for a Patronu . He could no longer control hi  own trembling. It wa  not, after all,  o ea y to die. Every  econd he breathed, the  mell of the gra , the cool air on hi  face, wa   o preciou : To think that people had year  and year , time to wa te,  o much time it dragged, and he wa  clinging to each  econd. At the  ame time he thought that he would not be able to go on, and knew that he mu t. The long game wa  ended, the Snitch had been caught, it wa  time to leave the air. . . . The Snitch. Hi  nervele  finger  fumbled for a moment with the pouch at hi  neck and he pulled it out. I open at the clo e. Breathing fa t and hard, he  tared down at it. Now that he wanted time to move a   lowly a  po ible, he  eemed to have  ped up, and under tanding wa  coming  o fa t it  eemed to have bypa ed though. Thi  wa  the clo e. Thi  wa  the moment. He pre ed the golden metal to hi  lip  and whi pered, “I am about to die.” The metal  hell broke open. He lowered hi   haking hand, rai ed Draco’  wand beneath the Cloak, and murmured, “Lumo .” The black  tone with i  jagged crack running down the center  at in the two halve  of the Snitch. The Re urrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line repre enting the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle repre enting the Cloak and the  tone were  till di cernible. And again Harry under tood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he wa  about to join them. He wa  not really fetching them: They were fetching him. He clo ed hi  eye  and turned the  tone over in hi  hand three time . He knew it had happened, becau e he heard  light movement  around him that  ugge ted frail bodie   hifting their footing on the earthy, twig- trewn ground that marked the outer edge of the fore t. He opened hi  eye  and looked around. They were neither gho t nor truly fle h, he could  ee that. They re embled mo t clo ely the Riddle that had e caped from the diary  o long ago, and he had been memory made nearly  olid. Le   ub tantial than living bodie , but much more than gho t , they moved toward him. And on each face, there wa  the  ame loving  mile. Jame  wa  exactly the  ame height a  Harry. He wa  wearing the clothe  in which he had died, and hi  hair wa  untidy and ruffled, and hi  gla e  were a little lop ided, like Mr. Wea ley’ . Siriu  wa  tall and hand ome, and younger by far than Harry had  een him in life. He loped with an ea y grace, hi  hand  in hi  pocket  and a grin on hi  face. Lupin wa  younger too, and much le   habby, and hi  hair wa  thicker and darker. He looked happy to be back in thi  familiar place,  cene of  o many adole cent wandering . Lily’   mile wa  wide t of all. She pu hed her long hair back a   he drew clo er to him, and her green eye ,  o like hi ,  earched hi  face hungrily, a  though  he would never be able to look at him enough. “You’ve been  o brave.” He could not  peak. Hi  eye  fea ted on her, and he thought that he would like to  tand and look at her forever, and that would be enough. “You are nearly there,”  aid Jame . “Very clo e. We are . . .  o proud of you.” “Doe  it hurt?” The childi h que tion had fallen from Harry’  lip  before he could  top it. “Dying? Not at all,”  aid Siriu . “Quicker and ea ier than falling a leep.” “And he will want it to be quick. He want  it over,”  aid Lupin. “I didn’t want you to die,” Harry  aid. The e word  came without hi  volition. “Any of you. I’m  orry ---“ He addre ed Lupin more than any of them, be eeching him. “--- right after you’d had your  on . . . Remu , I’m  orry ---“ “I am  orry too,”  aid Lupin. “Sorry I will never know him . . . but he will know why I died and I hope he will under tand. I wa  trying to make a world in which he could live a happier life.” A chilly breeze that  eemed to emanate from the heart of the fore t lifted the hair at Harry’  brow. He knew that they would not tell him to go, that it would have to be hi  deci ion. “You’ll  tay with me?” “Until the very end,”  aid Jame . “They won’t be able to  ee you?” a ked Harry. “We are part of you,”  aid Siriu . “Invi ible to anyone el e.” Harry looked at hi  mother. “Stay clo e to me,” he  aid quietly. And he  et of. The dementor ’ chill did not overcome him; he pa ed through it with hi  companion , and they acted like Patronu e  to him, and together they marched through the old tree  that grew clo ely together, their branche  tangled, their root  gnarled and twi ted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around him in the darkne , traveling deeper and deeper into the fore t, with no idea where exactly Voldemort wa , but  ure that he would find him. Be ide him, making  carcely a  ound, walked Jame , Siriu , Lupin, and Lily, and their pre ence wa  hi  courage, and the rea on he wa  able to keep putting one foot in front of the other. Hi  body and mind felt oddly di connected now, hi  limb  working without con ciou  in truction, a  if he were pa enger, not driver, in the body he wa  about to leave. The dead who walked be ide him through the fore t were much more real to him now than the living back at the ca tle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and all the other  were the one  who felt like gho t  a  he  tumbled and  lipped toward the end of hi  life, toward Voldemort . . . A thud and a whi per: Some other living creature had  tirred clo e by. Harry  topped under the Cloak, peering around, li tening, and hi  mother and father, Lupin and Siriu   topped too. “Someone there,” came a rough whi per clo e at hand. “He’  got an Invi ibility Cloak. Could it be --- ?” Two figure  emerged from behind a nearby tree: Their wand  flared, and Harry  aw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the darkne , directly at the place Harry, hi  mother and father and Siriu  and Lupin  tood. Apparently they could not  ee anything. “Definitely heard  omething,”  aid Yaxley. “Animal, d’you reckon?” “That head ca e Hagrid kept a whole bunch of  tuff in here,”  aid Dolohov, glancing over hi   houlder. Yaxley looked down at hi  watch. “Time’  nearly up. Porter’  had hi  hour. He’  not coming.” “Better go back,”  aid Yaxley. “Find out what the plan i  now.” He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the fore t. Harry followed them, knowing that they would lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced  ideway , and hi  mother  miled at him, and hi  father nodded encouragement. They had traveled on mere minute  when Harry  aw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov  tepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the mon trou  Aragog had once lived. The remnant  of hi  va t web were there  till, but the  warm  of de cendant  he had  pawned had been driven out by the Death Eater , to fight for their cau e. A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and it  flickering light fell over a crowd of completely  ilent, watchful Death Eater . Some of them were  till ma ked and hooded; other   howed their face . Two giant   at on the out kirt  of the group, ca ting ma ive  hadow  over the  cene, their face  cruel, rough-hewn like rock. Harry  aw Fenrir,  kulking, chewing hi  long nail ; the great blond Rowle wa  dabbing at hi  bleeding lip. He  aw Luciu  Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narci a, who e eye  were  unken and full of apprehen ion. Every eye wa  fixed upon Voldemort, who  tood with hi  head bowed, and hi  white hand  folded over the Elder Wand in front of him. He might have been praying, or el e counting  ilently in hi  mind, and Harry,  tanding  till on the edge of the  cene, though ab urdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and- eek. Behind hi  head,  till  wirling and coiling, the great  nake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a mon trou  halo. When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up. “No  ign of him, my Lord,”  aid Dolohov. Voldemort’  expre ion did not change. The red eye   eemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly he drew the Elder Wand between hi  long finger . “My Lord ---“ Bellatrix had  poken: She  at clo e t to Voldemort, di heveled, her face a little bloody but otherwi e unharmed. Voldemort rai ed hi  hand to  ilence her, and  he did not  peak another word, but eyed him in wor hipful fa cination. “I thought he would come,”  aid Voldemort in hi  high, clear voice, hi  eye  on the leaping flame . “I expected him to come.” Nobody  poke. They  eemed a   cared a  Harry, who e heart wa  now throwing it elf again t hi  rib  a  though determined to e cape the body he wa  about to ca t a ide. Hi  hand  were  weating a  he pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak and  tuffed it beneath hi  robe , with hi  wand. He did not want to be tempted to fight. “I wa , it  eem  . . . mi taken,”  aid Voldemort. “You weren’t.” Harry  aid it a  loudly a  he could, with all the force he could mu ter: He did not want to  ound afraid. The Re urrection Stone  lipped from between hi  numb finger , and out of the corner of hi  eye  he  aw hi  parent , Siriu , and Lupin vani h a  he  tepped forward into the firelight. At that moment he felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It wa  ju t the two of them. The illu ion wa  gone a   oon a  it had come. The giant  roared a  the Death Eater  ro e together, and there were many crie , ga p , even laughter. Voldemort had frozen where he  tood, but hi  red eye  had found Harry, and he  tared a  Harry moved toward him, with nothing but the fire between them. Then a voice yelled: “HARRY! NO!” He turned: Hagrid wa  bound and tru ed, tied to a tree nearby. Hi  ma ive body  hook the branche  overhead a  he  truggled, de perate. “NO! NO! HARRY, WHAT’RE YEH --- ?” “QUIET!”  houted Rowle, and with a flick of hi  wand, Hagrid wa   ilenced. Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, wa  looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her brea t heaving. The only thing  that moved were the flame  and the  nake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage behind Voldemort’  head. Harry could feel hi  wand again t hi  che t, but he made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the  nake wa  too well protected, knew that if he managed to point the wand at Nagini, fifty cur e  would hit him fir t. And  till, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted hi  head a little to the  ide, con idering the boy  tanding before him, and a  ingularly mirthle   mile curled the liple  mouth. “Harry Potter,” he  aid very  oftly. Hi  voice might have been part of the  pitting fire. “The Boy Who Lived.” None of the Death Eater  moved. They were waiting: Everything wa  waiting. Hagrid wa   truggling, and Bellatrix wa  panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lip  on hi  --- Voldemort had rai ed hi  wand. Hi  head wa   till tilted to one  ide, like a curiou  child, wondering what would happen if he proceeded. Harry looked back into the red eye , and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while he could  till  tand, before he lo t control, before he betrayed fear --- He  aw the mouth move and a fla h of green light, and everything wa  gone. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE KING’S CROSS He lay facedown, li tening to the  ilence. He wa  perfectly alone. Nobody wa  watching. Nobody el e wa  there. He wa  not perfectly  ure that he wa  there him elf. A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to him that he mu t exi t, mu t be more than di embodied thought, becau e he wa  lying, definitely lying, on  ome  urface. Therefore he had a  en e of touch, and the thing again t which he lay exi ted too. Almo t a   oon a  he had reached thi  conclu ion, Harry became con ciou  that he wa  naked. Convinced a  he wa  of hi  total  olitude, thi  did not concern him, but it did intrigue him  lightly. He wondered whether, a  he could feel, he would be able to  ee. In opening them, he di covered that he had eye . He lay in a bright mi t, though it wa  not like mi t he had ever experienced before. Hi   urrounding  were not hidden by cloudy vapor; rather the cloudy vapor had not yet formed into  urrounding . The floor on which he lay  eemed to be white, neither warm nor cold, but  imply there, a flat, blank  omething on which to be. He  at up. Hi  body appeared un cathed. He touched hi  face. He wa  not wearing gla e  anymore. Then a noi e reached him through the unformed nothingne  that  urrounded him: the  mall  oft thumping  of  omething that flapped, flailed, and  truggled. It wa  a pitiful noi e, yet al o  lightly indecent. He had the uncomfortable feeling that he wa  eave dropping on  omething furtive,  hameful. For the fir t time, he wi hed he were clothed. Barely had the wi h formed in hi  head than robe  appeared a  hort di tance away. He took them and pulled them on. They were  oft, clean, and warm. It wa  extraordinary how they had appeared ju t like that, the moment he had wanted them. . . . He  tood up, looking around. Wa  he in  ome great Room of Requirement? The longer he looked, the more there wa  to  ee. A great domed gla  roof glittered high above him in  unlight. Perhap  it wa  a palace. All wa  hu hed and  till, except for tho e odd thumping and whimpering noi e  coming from  omewhere clo e by in the mi t. . . . Harry turned  lowly on the  pot, and hi   urrounding   eemed to invent them elve  before hi  eye . A wide-open  pace, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear domed gla  ceiling. It wa  quite empty. He wa  the only per on there, except for – He recoiled. He had  potted the thing that wa  making the noi e . It had the form of a  mall, naked child, curled on the ground, it   kin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and it lay  huddering under a  eat where it had been left, unwanted,  tuffed out of  ight,  truggling for breath. He wa  afraid of it. Small and fragile and wounded though it wa , he did not want to approach it. Neverthele  he drew  lowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. Soon he  tood near enough to touch it, yet he could not bring him elf to do it. He felt like a coward. He ought to comfort it, but it repul ed him. “You cannot help.” He  pun around. Albu  Dumbledore wa  walking toward him,  prightly and upright, wearing  weeping robe  of midnight blue. “Harry.” He  pread hi  arm  wide, and hi  hand  were both whole and white and undamaged. “You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let u  walk.” Stunned, Harry followed a  Dumbledore  trode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading him to two  eat  that Harry had not previou ly noticed,  et  ome di tance away under that high,  parkling ceiling. Dumbledore  at down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other,  taring at hi  old headma ter’  face. Dumbledore’  long  ilver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eye  behind half-moon  pectacle , the crooked no e: Everything wa  a  he had remembered it. And yet . . . “But you’re dead,”  aid Harry. “Oh ye ,”  aid Dumbledore matter-of-factly. “Then . . . I’m dead too?” “Ah,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling  till more broadly. “That i  the que tion, i n’t it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.” They looked at each other, the old man  till beaming. “Not?” repeated Harry. “Not,”  aid Dumbledore. “But . . .” Harry rai ed hi  hand in tinctively toward the lightning  car. It did not  eem to be there. “But I  hould have died – I didn’t defend my elf! I meant to let him kill me!” “And that,”  aid Dumbledore, “will, I think, have made all the difference.” Happine   eemed to radiate from Dumbledore like light; like fire: Harry had never  een the man  o utterly,  o palpably content. “Explain,”  aid Harry. “But you already know,”  aid Dumbledore. He twiddled hi  thumb  together. “I let him kill me,”  aid Harry. “Didn’t I?” “You did,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding. “Go on!” “So the part of hi   oul that wa  in me . . .” Dumbledore nodded  till more enthu ia tically, urging Harry onward, a broad  mile of encouragement on hi  face. “. . . ha  it gone?” “Oh ye !”  aid Dumbledore. “Ye , he de troyed it. Your  oul i  whole, and completely your own, Harry.” “But then . . .” Harry trembled over hi   houlder to where the  mall, maimed creature trembled under the chair. “What i  that, Profe or?” “ omething that i  beyond either of our help,”  aid Dumbledore. “But if Voldemort u ed the Killing Cur e,” Harry  tarted again, “and nobody died for me thi  time – how can I be alive?” “I think you know,”  aid Dumbledore. “Think back. Remember what he did, in hi  ignorance, in hi  greed and hi  cruelty.” Harry thought. He let hi  gaze drift over hi   urrounding . If it wa  indeed a palace in which they  at, it wa  an odd one, with chair   et in little row  and bit  of railing here and there, and  till, he and Dumbledore and the  tunted creature  under the chair were the only being  there. Then the an wer ro e to hi  lip  ea ily, without effort. “He took my blood,”  aid Harry. “Preci ely!”  aid Dumbledore. “He took your blood and rebuilt hi  living body with it! Your blood in hi  vein , Harry, Lily’  protection in ide both of you! He thethered you to life while he live !” “I live . . . while he live ? But I thought . . . I thought it wa  the other way around! I thought we both had to die? Or i  it the  ame thing?” He wa  di tracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonized creature behind them and glanced back at it yet again. “Are you  ure we can’t do anything?” “There i  no help po ible.” “Then explain . . . more,”  aid Harry, and Dumbledore  miled. “You were the  eventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux he never meant to make. He had rendered hi   oul  o un table that it broke apart when he committed tho e act  of un peakable evil, the murder of your parent , the attempted killing of a child. But what e caped from that room wa  even le  than he knew. He left more than hi  body behind. He left part of him elf latched to you, the would-be victim who had  urvived. “And hi  knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort doe  not value, he take  no trouble to comprehend. Of hou e-elve  and children’  tale , of love, loyalty, and innocence, Voldemort know  and under tand  nothing. Nothing. That they all have a power beyond hi  own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, i  a truth he ha  never gra ped. “He took your blood believing it would  trengthen him. He took into hi  body a tiny part of the enchantment your mother laid upon you when  he died for you. Hi  body keep  her  acrafice alive, and while that enchantment  urvive ,  o do you and  o doe  Voldemort’  one la t hope for him elf.” Dumbledore  miled at Harry, and Harry  tared at him. “And you knew thi ? You knew – all along?” “I gue ed. But my gue e  have u ually been good,”  aid Dumbledore happily, and they  at in  ilence for what  eemed like a long time, while the creature behind them continued to whimper and tremble. “There’  more,”  aid Harry. “There’  more to it. Why did my wand break the wand he borrowed?” “A  to that, I cannot be  ure.” “Have a gue , then,”  aid Harry, and Dumbledore laughed. “What you mu t under tand, Harry, i  that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realm  of magic hitherto unknown and unte ted. But here i  what I think happened, and it i  unprecedented, and no wandmaker could, I think, ever have predicted or explained it to Voldemort. “Without meaning to, a  you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he returned to a human form. A part of hi   oul wa   till attached to your , and, thinking to  trengthen him elf, he took a part of your mother’   acrafice into him elf. If he could only have under tood the preci e and terrible power of that  acrifice, he would not, perhap , have dared to touch your blood. . . . But then, if he had been able to under tand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all. “Having en ured thi  two-fold connection, having wrapped your de tinie  together more  ecurely than ever two wizard  were joined in hi tory, Voldemort proceeded to attack you with a wand that  hared a core with your . And now  omething very  trange happened, a  we know. The core  reacted in a way that Lord Voldemort, who never knew that your wand wa  a twin of hi , had ever expected. “He wa  more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had accepted, even embraced, the po ibility of death,  omething Lord Voldemort ha  never been able to do. Your courage won, your wand overpowered hi . And in doing  o,  omething happened between tho e wand ,  omething that echoed the relation hip between their ma ter . “I believe that your wand imbibed  ome of the power and qualitie  of Voldemort’  wand that night, which i  to  ay that it contained a little of Voldemort him elf. So your wand recognized him when he pur ued you, recognized a man who wa  both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated  ome of hi  own magic again t him, magic much more powerful than anything Luciu ’  wand had ever performed. Your wand now contained the power of your enormou  courage and of Voldemort’  own deadly  kill: What chance did that poor  tick of Luciu  Malfoy’   tand?” “But if my wand wa   o powerful, how come Hermione wa  able to break it?” a ked Harry. “My dear boy, it  remarkable effect  were directed only at Voldemort, who had tampered  o ill-advi edly with the deepe t law  of magic. Only toward him wa  that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwi e it wa  a wand like any other . . . though a good one, I am  ure,” Dumbledore fini hed kindly. Harry  at in thought for a long time, or perhap   econd . It wa  very hard to be  ure of thing  like time, here. “He killed me with your wand.” “He failed to kill you with my wand,” Dumbledore corrected Harry. “I think we can agree that you are not dead – though, of cour e,” he added, a  if fearing he had been di courteou , “I do not minimize your  uffering , which I am  ure were  evere.” “I feel great at the moment, though,”  aid Harry, looking down at hi  clean, unblemi hed hand . “Where are we, exactly?” “Well, I wa  going to a k you that,”  aid Dumbledore, looking around. “Where would you  ay that we are?” Until Dumbledore had a ked, Harry had not known. Now, however, he found that he had an an wer ready to give. “It look ,” he  aid  lowly, “like King’  Cro   tation. Except a lo cleaner and empty, and there are no train  a  far a  I can  ee.” “King’  Cro   tation!” Dumbledore wa  chuckling immoderately. “Good graciou , really?” “Well, where do you think we are?” a ked Harry, a little defen ively. “My dear boy, I have no idea. Thi  i , a  they  ay, your party.” Harry had no idea what thi  meant; Dumbledore wa  being infuriating. He glared at him, then remembered a much more pre ing que tion than that of their current location. “The Deathly Hallow ,” he  aid, and he wa  glad to  ee that the word  wiped the  mile from Dumbledore’  face. “Ah, ye ,” he  aid. He even looked a little worried. “Well?” For the fir t time  ince Harry had met Dumbledore, he looked le  than an old man, much le . He looked fleetingly like a  mall boy caught in wrongdoing. “Can you forgive me?” he  aid. “Can you forgive me for not tru ting you? For not telling you? Harry, I only feared that you would fail a  I had failed. I only dreaded that you would make my mi take . I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for  ome time now, that you are the better man.” “What are you talking about?” a ked Harry,  tartled by Dumbledore’  tone, by the  udden tear  in hi  eye . “The Hallow , the Hallow ,” murmured Dumbledore. “A de perate man’  dream!” “But they’re real!” “Real, and dangerou , and a lure for fool ,”  aid Dumbledore. “And I wa   uch a fool. But you know, don’t you? I have no  ecret  from you anymore. You know.” “What do I know?” Dumbledore turned hi  whole body to face Harry, and tear   till  parkled in the brilliantly blue eye . “Ma ter of death, Harry, ma ter of Death! Wa  I better, ultimately, than Voldemort?” “Of cour e you were,”  aid Harry. “Of cour e – how can you a k that? You never killed if you could avoid it!” “True, true,”  aid Dumbledore, and he wa  like a child  eeking rea urance. “Yet I too  ought a way to conquer death, Harry.” “Not the way he did,”  aid Harry. After all hi  anger at Dumbledore, how odd it wa  to  it here, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from him elf. “Hallow , not Horcruxe .” “Hallow ,” murmured Dumbledore, “not Horcruxe . Preci ely.” There wa  a pau e. The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around. “Grindelwald wa  looking for them too?” he a ked. Dumbledore clo ed hi  eye  for a moment and nodded. “It wa  the thing, above all, that drew u  together,” he  aid quietly. “Two clever, arrogant boy  with a  hared ob e ion. He wanted to come to Godric’  Hollow, a  I am  ure you have gue ed, becau e of the grave of Ignotu  Peverell. He wanted to explore the place the third brother had died.” “So it’  true?” a ked Harry. “All of it? The Peverell brother  –” “—were the three brother  of the tale,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding. “Oh ye , I think  o. Whether they met Death on a lonely road . . . I think it more likely that the Peverell brother  were  imply gifted, dangerou  wizard  who  ucceeded in creating tho e powerful object . The  tory of them being Death’  own Hallow   eem  to me the  ort of legend that might have  prung up around  uch creation . “The Cloak, a  you know now, traveled down through the age , father to  on, mother to daughter, right down to Ignotu ’  la t living de cendant, who wa  born, a  Ignotu  wa , in the village of Godric’  Hollow.” Dumbledore  miled at Harry. “Me?” “You. You have gue ed,, I know, why the Cloak wa  in my po e ion on the night your parent  died. Jame  had  howed it to me ju t a few day  previou ly. It explained much of hi  undetected wrongdoing at  chool! I could hardly believe what I wa   eeing. I a ked to borrow it, to examine it. I had long  ince given up my dream of uniting the Hallow , but I could not re i t, could not help taking a clo er look. . . . It wa  a Cloak the like  of which I had never  een, immen ely old, perfect in every re pect . . . and then your father died, and I had two Hallow  at la t, all to my elf!” Hi  tone wa  unbearably bitter. “The Cloak wouldn’t have helped them  urvive, though,” Harry  aid quickly. “Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldn’t have made them cur e-proof.” “true,”  ighed Dumbledore. “True.” Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not  peak,  o he prompted him. “So you’d given up looking for the Hallow  when you  aw the Cloak?” “Oh ye ,”  aid Dumbledore faintly. It  eemed that he forced him elf to meet Harry’  eye . “You know what happened. You know. You cannot de pi e me more than I de pi e my elf.” “But I don’t de pi e you –” “Then you  hould,”  aid Dumbledore. He drew a deep breath. “You know the  ecret of my  i ter’  ill health, what tho e Muggle  did, what  he became. You know how my poor father  ought revenge, and paid the price, died In Azkaban. You know how my mother gave up her own life to care for Ariana. “I re ented it, Harry.” Dumbledore  tated it baldly, coldly. He wa  looking now over the top of Harry’  head, into the di tance. “I wa  gifted, I wa  brilliant. I wanted to e cape. I wanted to  hine. I wanted glory. “Do not mi under tand me,” he  aid, and pain cro ed the face  o that he looked ancient again. “I loved them, I loved my parent , I loved my brother and my  i ter, but I wa   elfi h, Harry, more  elfi h than you, who are a remarkably  elfle  per on, could po ibly imagine. “So that, when my mother died, and I wa  left the re pon ibility of a damaged  i ter and a wayward brother, I returned to my village in anger and bitterne . Trapped and wa ted, I thought! And then of cour e, he came. . . .” Dumbledore looked directly into Harry’  eye  again. “Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how hi  idea  caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggle  forced into  ub ervience. We wizard  triumphant. Grindelwald and I, the gloriou  young leader  of the revolution. “Oh, I had a few  cruple . I a uaged my con cience with empty word . It would all be for the greater good, and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in benefit  for wizard . Did I know, in my heart of heart , what Gellert Grindelwald wa ? I think I did, but I clo ed my eye . If the plan  we were making came to fruition, all my dream  would come true. “And at the heart of our  cheme , the Deathly Hallow ! How they fa cinated him, how they fa cinated both of u ! The unbeatable wand, the weapon that would lead u  to power! The Re urrection Stone – to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confe , it meant the return of my parent , and the lifting of all re pon ibility from my  houlder . “And the Cloak . . .  omehow, we never di cu ed the Cloak much, Harry. Both of u  could conceal our elve  well enough without the Cloak, the true magic of which, of cour e, i  that it can be u ed to protect and  hield other  a  well a  it  owner. I thought that, if we ever found it, it might be u eful in hiding Ariana, but our intere t in the Cloak wa  mainly that it completed the trio, for the legend  aid that the man who had united all three object  would then be truly ma ter of death, which we took to mean ‘invincible.’ “Invincible ma ter  of death, Grindelwald and Dumbledore! Two month  of in anity, of cruel dream , and neglect of the only two member  of my family left to me. “And then . . . you know what happened. Reality returned in the form of my rough, unlettered, and infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truth  he  houted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not  et forth and  eek Hallow  with a fragile and un table  i ter in tow. “The argument became a fight. Grindelwald lo t control. That which I had alway   en ed in him, though I pretended not to, now  prang into terrible being. And Ariana . . . after all my mother’  care and caution . . . lay dead upon the floor.” Dumbledore gave a little ga p and began to cry in earne t. Harry reached out and wa  glad to find that he could touch him: He gripped hi  arm tightly and Dumbledore gradually regained control. “Well, Grindelwald fled, a  anyone but I could have predicted. He vani hed, with hi  plan  for  eizing power, and hi   cheme  for Muggle torture, and hi  dream  of the Deathly Hallow , dream  in which I had encouraged him and helped him. He ran, while I wa  left to bury my  i ter, and learn to live with my guilt and my terrible grief, the price of my  hame. “Year  pa ed. There were rumor  about him. They  aid he had procured a wand of immen e power. I, meanwhile, wa  offered the po t of Mini ter of Magic, not once, but  everal time . Naturally, I refu ed. I had learned that I wa  not to be tru ted with power.” “But you’d have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scimgeour!” bur t out Harry. “Would I?” a ked Dumbledore heavily. “I am not  o  ure. I had proven, a  a very young man, that power wa  my weakne  and my temptation. It i  a curiou  thing, Harry, but perhap  tho e who are be t  uited to power are tho e who have never  ought it. Tho e who, like you, have leader hip thru t upon them, and take up the mantle becau e they mu t, and find to their own  urpri e that they wear it well. “I wa   afer at Hogwart . I think I wa  a good teacher –” “You were the be t ---” “--- you are very kind, Harry. But while I bu ied my elf with the training of young wizard , Grindelwald wa  rai ing an army. They  ay he feared me, and perhap  he did, but le , I think, than I feared him. “Oh, not death,”  aid Dumbledore, in an wer to Harry’  que tioning look. “Not what he could do to me magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, perhap  that I wa  a  hade more  killful. It wa  the truth I feared. You  ee, I never knew which of u , in that la t, horrific fight, had actually ca t the cur e that killed my  i ter. You may call me cowardly: You would be right, Harry. I dreaded beyond all thing  the knowledge that it had been I who brought about her death, not merely through my arrogance and  tupidity, but that I actually  truck the blow that  nuffed out her life. “I think he knew it, I think he knew what frightened me. I delayed meeting him until finally, it would have been too  hameful to re i t any longer. People were dying and he  eemed un toppable, and I had to do what I could. “Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the wand.” Another  ilence. Harry did not a k whether Dumbledore had ever found out who  truck Ariana dead. He did not want to know, and even le  did he want Dumbledore to have to tell him. At la t he knew what Dumbledore would have  een when he looked in the mirror of Eri ed, and why Dumbledore had been  o under tanding of the fa cination it had exerci ed over Harry. They  at in  ilence for a long time, and the whipmering  of the creature behind them barely di turbed Harry anymore. At la t he  aid, “Grindelwald tried to  top Voldemort going after the wand. He lied, you know, pretended he had never had it.” Dumbledore nodded, looking down at hi  lap, tear   till glittering on the crooked no e. “They  ay he  howed remor e in later year , alone in hi  cell at Nurmengard. I hope that i  true. I would like to think that he did feel the horror and  hame of what he had done. Perhap  that lie to Voldemort wa  hi  attempt to make amend  . . . to prevent Voldemort from taking the Hallow . . .” “. . .or maybe from breaking into your tomb?”  ugge ted Harry, and Dumbledore dabbed hi  eye . After another  hort pau e Harry  aid, “You tried to u e the Re urrection Stone.” Dumbledore nodded. “When I di covered it, after all tho e year , buried in the abandoned home of the Gaunt  --- the Hallow I had craved mo t of all, though in my youth I had wanted it for very different rea on  --- I lo t my head, Harry. I quite forgot that I wa  not a Horcrux, that the ring wa   ure to carry a cur e. I picked it up, and I put it on, and for a  econd I imagined that I wa  about to  ee Ariana, and my mother, and my father, and to tell them how very, very  orry, I wa . . . . “I wa   uch a fool, Harry. After all tho e year  I had learned nothing. I wa  unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallow , I had proved it time and again, and here wa  final proof.” “Why?”  aid Harry. “It wa  natural! You wanted to  ee them again. What’  wrong with that?” “Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallow , Harry. I wa  fit only to po e  the meane t of them, the lea t extraordinary. I wa  fit to own the Elder Wand, and not boa t of it, and not to kill with it. I wa  permitted to tame and u e it, becau e I took it, not for gain, but to  ave other  from it. “But the Cloak, I took out of vain curiou ity, and  o it could never have worked for me a  it work  for you, it  true owner . The  tone I would have u ed in an attempt to drag back tho e who are at peace, rather than enable my  elf- acrafice, a  you did. You are the worthy po e or of the Hallow .” Dumbledore patted Harry’  hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and  miled; he could not help him elf. How coul dhe remain angry with Dumbledore now? “Why did you have to make it  o difficult?” Dumbledore’   mile wa  tremulou . “I am afraid I counted on Mi  Granger to  low you up, Harry. I wa  afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart. I wa   cared that, if pre ented outright with the fact  about tho e tempting object , you might  eize the Hallow  a  I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong rea on . If you laid hand  on them, I wanted you to po e  them  afely. You are the true ma ter of death, becau e the true ma ter doe  not  eek to run away from Death. He accept  that he mu t die, and under tand  that there are far, far wor e thing  in the living world than dying.” “And Voldemort never knew about the Hallow ?” “I do not think  o, becau e he did not recognize the Re urrection Stone he turned into a Horcrux. But even if he had known about them, Harry. I doubt that he woul dhave been intere ted in any except the fir t. He would not think that he needed the Cloak, and a  for the  tone, whom would he want to bring back from the dead? He fear  the dead. He doe  not love.” “But you expected him to go after the wand?” “I have been  ure that he would try, ever  ince your wand beat Voldemort’  in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At fir t, he wa  afraid that you had conquered him by  uperior  kill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he di covered the exi tence of the twin core . He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no better again t your ! So Voldemort, in tead of a king him elf what quality it wa  in you that had made your wand  o  trong, what gift you po e ed that he did not, naturally  et out to find the one wand that, they  aid, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand ha  become an ob e ion to rival hi  ob e ion with you. He believe  that the Elder Wand remove  hi  la t weakne  and make  him truly invincible. Poor Severu  . . .” “If you planned your death with Snape, you meant him to end up with the Elder Wand, didn’t you?” “I admit that wa  my intention,”  aid Dumbledore, “but it did not work a  I intended, did it?” “No,”  aid Harry. “That bit didn’t work out.” The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore  ate without talking for the longe t time yet. The realization of what would happen next  ettled gradually over Harry in the long minute , like  oftly falling  now. “I’ve got to go back, haven’t I?” “That i  up to you.” “I’ve got a choice?” “Oh ye ,” Dumbledore  miled at him. “We are in King’  Cro  you  ay? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to . . . let’   ay . . . board a train.” “And where would it take me?” “On,”  aid Dumbledore  imply. Silence again. “Voldemort’  got the Elder Wand.” “True. Voldemort ha  the Elder Wand.” “But you want me to go back?” “I think,”  aid Dumbledore, “that if you choo e to return, there i  a chance that he may be fini hed for good. I cannot promi e it. But I know thi , Harry, that you have le  to fear from returning here than he doe .” Harry glanced again at the raw looking thing that trembled and choked in the  hadow beneath the di tant chair. “Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, tho e who live without love. By returning, you may en ure that fewer  oul  are maimed, fewer familie  are torn apart. If that  eem  to you a worthy goal, they we  aw good-bye for the pre ent.” Harry nodded and  ighed. Leaving thi  place would not be nearly a  hard a  walking into the fore t had been, but it wa  warm and light and peaceful here, and he knew that he wa  heading back to pain and the fear of more lo . He  tood up, and Dumbledore did the  ame, and they looked for a long moment into each other’  face . “Tell me one la t thing,”  aid Harry, “I  thi  real? Or ha  thi  been happening in ide my head?” Dumbledore beamed at him, and hi  voice  ounded loud and  trong in Harry’  ear  even though the bright mi t wa  de cending again, ob curing hi  figure. “Of cour e it i  happening in ide your head, Harry, but why on earth  hould that mean it i  not real?” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallow  CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX THE FLAW IN THE PLAN He wa  flying facedown on the grond again. The  mell of the fore t filled hi  no tril . He could feel the cold hard ground beneath hi  cheek, and the hinge of hi  gla e  which have been knocked  ideway  by the fall cutting into hi  temple. Every inch of him ached, and the place where Killing Cur e had hit him felt like the brui e of an iron-clad punch. He did not  tir, but he remained exactly where he had fallen, with hi  left arm bent out at an akward angle and hi  mouth gaping. He had expected to hear cheer of triumph and jubilation at hi  death, but in tead hurried foot tep , whi per , and  olicitou  murmur  filled the air. “My Lord... my Lord...” It wa  Bellatrix'  voice, and  he  poke a  if to a lover. Harry did not dare open hi  eye , but allowed hi  other  en e  to explore hi  predicament. He knew that hi  wand wa   till  towed beneath hi  robe  becau e he could feel it pre ed between hi  che t and the ground. A  light cu hioning effect in the area of hi   tomach told him that the Invi ibility Cloak wa  al o there,  tuffed out of  ight. “My Lord...” “That will do,”  aid Voldemort'  voice. More foot tep . Several people were backing away from the  ame  pot. De perate to  ee what wa  happening and why, Harry opened hi  eye  by a milimeter. Voldemort  eemed to be getting to hi  feet. Variou  Death Eater  were hurrying away from him, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling be ide Voldemort. Harry clo ed hi  eye  again and con idered what he had  een. The Death Eater  have been buddled around Voldemort, who  eem to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when he had hit Harry with the Killing Cur e. Had Voldemort too collap ed? It  eemed like it. And both of them had briefly fallen unconciou  and both of them had now returned. . . “My Lord, let me --” “I do not require a itance,”  aid Voldemort coldly, and though he could not  ee it, Harry pictured Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. “The boy . . . I  he dead?” There wa  a complete  ilence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but he felt their concentraded gaze; it  eemed to pre  him harder into the ground, and he wa  terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch. “You,”  aid Voldemort, and there wa  a bang and a  mall  hrick of pain. “Examine him. Tell me whether he i  dead.” Harry did not know who had been  ent to verify. He could only lie there, with hi  heart thumping traitorou ly, and wait to be examined, but at the  ame time nothing,  mall comfort through it wa , that Voldemort wa  wary of approaching him, that Voldemort  u pected that all had not gone to plan . . . . Hand ,  ofter than he had been expecting, touched Harry'  face, and felt hi  heart. He could hear the woman'  fa t breathing, her pounding of life again t hi  rib . “I  Draco alive? I  he in the ca tle?” The whi per wa  barely audible, her lip  were an inch from hi  car, her head bent  o low that her long hair  hielded hi  face from the onlooker . “Ye ,” he breathed back. He felt the hand on hi  che t contract: her nail  pierced him. Then it wa  withdrawn. She had  at up. “He i  dead!” Narci a Malfoy called to the watcher . And now they  houted, now they yelled in triumph and  tamped their feet, and through hi  eyelid , Harry  aw bur t  of red and  ilver light  hoot into the air in celebration. Still feigning death on the ground, he under tood. Narci a knew that the only way  he would be permitted to enter Hogwart , and find her  on, wa  a  part of the conquering army. She no longer cared whether Voldemort won. “You  ee?”  creeched Voldemort over the tumult. "Harry Potter i  dead by my hand, and no man alive can threaten me now! Watch! Crucio!" Harry had been expecting it, knew hi  body would not be allowed to remain un ullied upon the fore t floor; it mu t be  ubjected to humiliation to prove Voldemort'  victory. He wa  lifted into the air, and it took all hi  determination to remain limp, yet the pain he expected did not come. He wa  thrown once, twice, three time  into the air. Hi  gla e  flew off and he felt hi  wand  lide a little beneath hi  robe , but he kept him elf floppy and lifele , and when he fell no ground for the la t time, the clearing echoed with jeer  and  hriek  of laughter. “Now,”  aid Voldemort, “we go to the ca tle, and  how them what ha  become of their hero. Who  hall drag the body? No - Wait - ” There wa  a fre h outbreak of laughter, and after a few moment  Harry felt the ground trembling beneath him. “You carry him,” Voldemort  aid. "He will be nice and vi ible in your arm , will he not? Pick up your little friend, Hagrid. And the gla e  - put on the gla e  - he mu t be recognizable - " Someone  lammed Harry'  gla e  back onto hi  face with deliberate force, but the enormou  hand  that lifted him into the air were exceedingly gentle. Harry could feel Hagrid'  arm  trembling with the force of hi  heaving  ob ; great tear   pla hed down upon him a  Hagrid cradled Harry in hi  arm , and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all wa  not, yet, lo t. “Move,”  aid Voldemort, and Hagrid  tumbled forward, forcing hi  way through the clo e-growing tree , back through the fore t. Branche  caught at Harry'  hair and robe , but he lay quie cent, hi  mouth lolling open, hi  eye   hut, and in the darkne , while the Death Eater  croed all around them, and while Hagrid  obbed blindly, nobody looked to  ee whether a pul e beat in the expo ed neck of Harry Potter. . . . The two giant  cra hed along behind the Death Eater ; Harry could hear tree  creaking and falling a  they pa ed; they made  o much din that bird  toe   hrieking into the  ky, and even the jeer  of the Death Eater  were drowned. The victoriou  proce ion marched on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkne  through hi  clo ed eyelid , that the tree  were beginning to thin. “BANE!” Hagrid'  unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry'  eye  open. "Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn't fight, yeh cowardly bunch o' nag ? Are yeh happy Harry Potter'  - d-dead . . . ?" Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fre h tear . Harry wondered how many centaur  were watching their proce ion pa ; he dared not open hi  eye  to look. Some of the Death Eater  called in ult  at the centaur  a  they left them behind. A little later, Harry  en ed, by a fre hening of the air, that they had reached the edge of the fore t. “Stop.” Harry thought that Hagrid mu t have been forced to obey Voldemort'  command, becau e he lurched a little. And now a chill  ettled over them where they  ood, and Harry heard the ra ping breath of the dementor  that patrolled the other tree . They would not affect him now. The fact of hi  own  urvival burned in ide him, a tali man again t them, a  though hi  father'   tag kept guardian in hi  heart. Someone pa ed clo e by Harry, and he knew that it wa  Voldemort him elf becau e he  poke a moment later, hi  voice magically magnified  o that it  welled through the ground, cra hing upon Harry'  eardrum . "Harry Potter i  dead. He wa  killed a  he ran away, trying to  ave him elf while you lay down your live  for him. We bring you hi  body a  proof that your hero i  gone. "The battle i  won. You have lo t half of your fighter . My Death Eater  outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived i  fini hed. There mu t be no more war. Anyone who continue  to re i t, man, woman or child, will be  laughtered, a  will every member of their family. Come out of the ca tle now, kneel before me, and you  hall be  pared. Your parent  and children, your brother  and  i ter  will live and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we  hall build togheter." There wa   ilence in the ground  and from the ca tle. Voldemort wa   o clo e to him that Harry did not dare open hi  eye  again. “Come,”  aid Voldemort, and Harry heard him move ahead, and Hagrid wa  forced to follow. Now Harry opened hi  eye  a fraction, and  aw Voldemort  triding in front them, wearing the great  nake Nagini around hi   houlder , now free of her enchanted cage. But Harry had no po ibility of extracting the wand concealed under hi  robe  without being noticed by the Death Eater , who marched on the either  ide of them through the  lowly lightening darkne  . . . . “Harry,”  obbed Hagrid. “Oh, Harry . . . Harry . . .” Harry  hut hi  eye  tight again. He knew that they were approaching the ca tle and  trained hi  ear  to di tingui h, above the gleeful voice  of the Death Eater  and their tramping foot tep ,  ign  of life from tho e within. “Stop.” The Death Eater  camte to a halt; Harry heard them  preading out in a line facing the opne front door  of the  chool. He could  ee, even though hi  clo ed lid , the teddi h glow that meant light  treamed upon him from the entrance hall. He waited. Any moment, the people for whom he had tried to die would  ee him, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid'  arm . “NO!” The  cream wa  the more terrible becau e he had never expected or dreamed that Profe or McGonagall could make  uch a  ound. He heard another women laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall'  de pair. He  quinted again for a  ingle  econd and  aw the open doorway filling with people, a  the  urvivor  of the battle came out onto the front  tep  to face their vanqui her  and  ee the truth of Harry'  death for them elve . He  aw Voldemort  tanding a little in front of him,  troking Nagini'  head with a  ingle white finger. He clo ed hi  eye  again. “No!” “No!” “Harry! HARRY!” Ron' , Hermione' , and Ginny'  voice  were wor e than McGonagall' ; Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet he made him elf lie  ilent, and their crie  acted like a trigger; the crowd of  urvivor  took up the cau e,  creaming and yelling abu e at the Death Eather , until - “SILENCE!” cried Voldemort, and there wa  a bang and a fla h of bright light, and  ilence wa  forced upn them all. "It i  over! Set him down, Hagrid, at my feet, where he belong !" Harry felt him elf lowered onto the gra . “You  ee?  aid Voldemort, and Harry felt him  triding backward and forward right be ide the place where he lay. ”Harry Potter i  dead! Do you under tand now, deluded one ? He wa  nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on other  to  acrifice them elve  for him!" “He beat you!” yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defender  of Hogwart  were  houting and  creaming again until a  econd, more powerful bang extingui hed their voice  once more. “He wa  killed while trying to  neak out of the ca tle ground ,”  aid Voldemort, and there wa  a reli h in hi  voice for the lie. "killed while trying to  ave him elf - " But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a  cuffle and a  hout, then another bang, a fla h of light, and grunt of pain; he opened hi  eye  an infinite imal amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: Harry  aw the figure hit the ground. Di armed, Voldemort throwing the challenger'  wand a ide and laughing. “And who i  thi ?” he  aid in hi   oft  nake'  hi . "Who ha  volunteered to demon trate what happen  to tho e who continue to fight when the battle i  lo t?" Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh. “It i  Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who ha  been giving the Carrow   o much trouble! The  on of the Auror , remember?” “Ah, ye , I remember,”  aid Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who wa   truggling back to hi  feet, unarmed and unproctected,  tanding in the no-man' -land between the  urvivor  and the Death Eater . "But you are a pureblood, aren't you, my brave boy? Voldemort a ked Neville, who  tood facing him, hi  empty hand  curled in fi t . “So what if I am?”  aid Neville loudly. “You  how  pirit and bravery, and you come of noble  tock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom.” “I'll join you when hell freeze  over,”  aid Neville. “Dumbledore'  Army!” he  houted, and there wa  an an wering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort'  Silencing Charm   eemed unable to hold. “Very well,”  aid Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the  ilkine  of hi  voice than in the mo t powerful cur e. "If that i  your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. On your head,“ he  aid quietly, ”be it." Still watching through hi  la he , Harry  aw Voldemort wave hi  wand. Second  later, out of one of the ca tle'   hattered window ,  omething that looked like a mi hapen bird flew through the half light and landed in Voldemort'  hand. He  hook the mildewed object by it  pointed end and it dangled, emtpy and ragged: the Sorting Hat. “There will be no more Sorting at Hogwart  School,”  aid Voldemort. “There will be no more Hou e . The emblem,  heild and color  of my noble ance tor, Salazar Slythering, will  uffice everyone. Won't they, Neville Longbottom?” He pointed hi  wand at Neville, who grew rigid and  till, then forced the hat onto Neville'  head,  o thta it  lipped down below hi  eye . There were movement  from the watching crowd in front of the ca tle, and a  one, the Death Eater  rai ed their wand , holding the fighter  of Hogwart  at bay. “Neville here i  now going to demon trate what happen  to anyone fooli h enough to continue to oppo e me,”  aid Voldemort, and with a flick of hi  wand, he cau ed the Sorting Hat to bur t into flame . Scream   plit the dawn, and Neville wa  a flame, rooted to the  pot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: He mu t act - And then many thing  happened at the  ame moment. They heard uproar from the di tant boundary of the  chool a  what  ounded like hundred  of people came  warming over the out-of- ight wall  and pelted toward the ca tle, uttering lowd war crie . At the  ame time, Grawp came lumbering around the  ide of the ca tel and yelled, “HAGGER!” Hi  cry wa  an wered by roar  from Voldemort'  giant : They ran at Grawp like bull elephant  making the earth quake. Then came hoove  and the twang  of bow , and arrow  were  uddenly falling among t the Death Eater , who broke rank ,  houting their  urpri e. Harry pulled the Invi ibilty Cloak from in ide hi  robe ,  wunt it over him elf, and  prang to hi  feet, a  Neville moved too. In one  wift, fluid motin, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Cur e upon him; the flaming har fell off him and he drew from it  depth   omething  ilver, with a glittering, rubied handle - The  la h of the  ilver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the  ound  of the cla hing giant  or of te  tampending centaur , and yet, it  eemd to draw every eye. With a  ingle  troke Neville  liced off the great  nake'  head, which  pun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and Voldemort'  mouth wa  open in a  cream of fury that nobody could hear, and the  nake'  body thudded to the ground at hi  feet- Hidden beneath the Invi ibilty Cloak, Harry ca t a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could rai e hi   tamp  of the battling giant , Hagrid'  yell came loudet  of all. “HARRY!” Hagrid  houted. “HARRY - WHERE'S HARRY?” Chao  reigned. The charging centaur  were  cattering the Death Eater , everyone wa  feeling the giant '  tamping feet, and nearer and nearar thundered the reinforcement  that had come from who knew where; Harry  aw great winget creatue   oaring the head  of Voldemort'  giant , the tral  and Buckbeak the hippogriff  cratching at their eye  while Grawp punched and pummeled them and now the wizard , defender  of Hogwart  and Death Eater  alike were being forced back into the ca tle. Harry wa   hooting jinxe  and cur e  at any Death Eater he could  ee, and they crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit them, and their bodie  were trampled by the retreating crowd. Still hidden beneath the Invi ibility Cloak, Harry wa  buffered into the entrance hall: He wa   earching for Voldemort and  aw him acro  the room, firing  pell  from hi  wand a  he backed into the Great Hall,  till  creaming in truction  to hi  follower  a  he  ent cur e  flying left and right; Harry ca t more Shield Charm , and Voldemort'  would-be victim . Seamu  Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, datted pa t him into the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already flouri hing in ide it. And now there were more, even more people  torming up the front  tep , and Harry  aw Charlie Wea ly overtaking Horace Slughorn, who wa   till wearing hi  emeral pijama . They  eemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the familie  and friend  of every Hogwart   tudent who had remained to fight along with the  hopkeep  and homeowner  of Hog meade. The centaur  Bane, Ronan and Magorian bur t into the hall with a great clatter of hoove , a  behind Harry the door that led to the kitchen  wa  bla ted off it  hinge . The hou e-elve  of Hogwart   warmed intot he entrance hall,  creaming and waving carving knive  and cleaver, and at their head, the locker of Regulu  Black bouncing on hi  che t, wa  Kreacher, hi  bullfrog'  voice audible even above thi  din: “Fight! Fight! Fight for my Ma ter, defender of hou e-elve ! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulu ! Fight!” They were hacking and  tabbing at the ankle  and  him of Death Eater  their tiny face  alive with malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eater  were folding under  heer weight of number , overcome by  pell , dragging arrow  from wound ,  tabbed in the leg by elve , or el e  imply attempting to e cape, but  wallowed by the oncoming horde. But it wa  not over yet: Harry  ped between dueler , pa t atruggling pro oner , and into he Great Hall. Voldemort wa  in the center of the battle, and he wa   triking and  miting al within reach. Harry could not get a clear  hot, but fought hi  way nearer,  till invi ible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded a  everyone who could walk forced their way in ide. Harry  aw Yaxley  lammed tot he floor by George and Lee Jordan,  aw Dolohov fall with a  cream at Flitwick'  hand ,  aw Walden Macnair thrown acro  the room by Hagrid, hit the  tone wall oppo ite, and  lide uncon ciou  to the ground. He  aw Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback. Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooting Thickne e, and Luciu  and Narci a Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight,  creaming for their  on. Voldemort wa  now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, King ley all at once, and there wa  a cold hatred in hi  face a  they wove and ducked around him, unable to fini h him - Bellatrix wa   till fighing too, fifty yard  away from Voldemort, and like her ma ter  he dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny and Luna, all battling their harde t, but Bellatrix wa  equal to them, and Harry'  attention wa  diverted a  a Killing Cur e  hot  o clo e to Ginny that  he mi ed death by an inch - He changed cour e, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before he had gone a few  tep  he wa  knocked  ideway . “NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!” Mr . Wea ley threw off her cloak a   he ran, freeing her arm , Bellatrix  pun on the  pot, roaring with laughter at the  ight of the new challenger. “OUT OF MY WAY!”  houted Mr . Wea ley to the three girl , and with a  imple  wipe of her wand  he began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation a  Molly Wea ley'  wand  la hed and twi ted, and Bellatrix Le trange'   mile faltered and became a  narl. Jet  of light flew from both wand , the floor around the withce ' feet became bot and cracked; both woman were fighting to kill. “No!” Mr . Wea ley cried a  a few  tudent  ran forward, trying to come to her aid. “Get back! Get back! She i  mine!” Hundred  of people now lined the wall , watching the two fight , Voldemort and hi  three opponent , Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry  tood, invi ible, torn between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, unable to be  ure that he would not hit the innocent. “What will happen to your children when I've killed you?” taunted Bellatrix, a  mad a  her ma ter, capering a  Molly'  cur e  danced around her. “When Mummy'  gone the  ame way a  Freddie?” “You - will - never - touch - our - children - again!”  creamed Mr . Wea ley. Bellatrix laughed the  ame exhilarated laugh her cou in Siriu  had given a  he toppled backward through the veil, and  uddenly Harry knew what wa  going to happen before it did. Molly'  cur e  oared beneath Bellatrix'  con treched arm and hit her  quarely in the che t, directly over her heart. Bellatrix'  glounting  mile froze, her eye   eemd to bulge: For the tinie t  pace of time  he knew what had happened, and then  he toppled, and the watching crowd roared, and Voldemord  creamed. Harry felt a  though he turned into  low motin: he  aw McGonagall, King ley and Slughorn bla ted backward, flailing and writhing through the air, a  Voldemort'  fury at the fall of hi  la t, be t leutenant exploded with the force of a bomb, Voldemort rai ed hi  wand and directed it at Molly Wea ley. “Protego!” roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Voldemort  tared around for the  ource a  Harry pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak at la t. The yell of  hock, the cheer , the  cream  on every  ide of :“Harry!” “HE'S ALIVE!” were  tifled at once. The crowd wa  afraid, and  ilence fell abruptly and completely a  Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and began, at the  ame moment, to circle each other. “I don't want anyone el e to help,” Harry  aid loudly, and in the total  ilence hi  voice carried like a trumpet call. “It'  got to be like thi . It'  got to be me.” Voldemort hi ed. “Potter doe n't mean that,” he  aid, hi  red eye  wide. “Thi  i n't how he work , i  it? Who are you going to u e a  a  hield today, Potter?” “Nobody,”  aid Harry  imply. “There are no more Horcruxe . It'  ju t you and me. Neither can live while the other  urvive , and one of u  i  about to leave for good. . . .” “One of u ?” jeered Voldemort, and hi  wholy body wa  taut and hi  red eye   tared, a  nake that wa  about to  trike. “You think it will be you, do you, the boy who ha   urvived by accident, and becau e Dumbledore wa  pulling the  tring ?” “Accident, wa  it, when my mother died to  ave me?” a ked Harry. They were  till moving  ideway , both of them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the  ame di tance from each other, and for Harry no face exi ted but Voldemort' . “Accident, when I decided to fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didn't defend my elf tonight, and  till  urvived, and returned to fight again?” “Accident !”  creamed Voldemort, but  till he did not  trike, and the watching crowd wa  frozen a  if Petrified, and of the hundred  in the Hall, nobody  eemed to breathe but they two. “Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and  niveled behind the  kirt  of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill them for you!” “You won't be killing anyone el e tonight,”  aid Harry a  they circled, and  tared into each other'  eye , green into red. “You won't be able to kill any of them ever again. Don't you get it? I wa  ready to die to  top you from hurting the e people - ” “But you did not!” “ - I meant to, and that'  what did it. I've done what my mother did. They're protected from you. Haven't you noticed how none of the  pell  you put on them are binding? You can't torture them. You can't touch them. You don't learn from your mi take , Riddle, do you?” “You dare -” “Ye , I dare,”  aid Harry. “I know thing  you don't know, Tom Riddle. I know lot  of important thing  that you don't. Want to hear  ome, before you make another big mi take?” Voldemort did not  peak, but powled in a circle, and Harry knew that he kept him temporarily me merized at bay, held back by the fainte t po ibility that Harry might indeed know a final  ecret. . . . “I  it love again?”  aid Voldemort, hi   nake'  face jeering. “Dumbledore favorite  olution, love, which he claimed conqered death, though love did not  top him falling from the tower and breaking like and old waxwork? Love, which did not prevent me  tamping out your Modblood mother like a cockroack, Potter - and nobody  eem  to love you enough to run forward thi  time and take my cur e. So what will  top you dying now when I  trike?” “Ju t one thing,”  aid Harry, and  till they circled each other, wrapped in each other, held apart by nothing but the la t  ecret. “If it i  not love that will  ave you thi  time,”  aid Voldemort, “you mu t believe that you have magic that i do not, or el e a weapon more powerful than mine?” “I believe both,”  aid Harry, and he  aw  hock flit acro  the  nakelike face, though it wa  in tantly di pelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the  ound wa  more frightening than hi   cream ; humorle  and in ane, it echoed around the  ilent Hall. “You think you know more magic than I do?” he  aid. “Than I, than Lord Voldemort, who ha  performed magic that Dumbledore him elf never dreamed of?” “Oh he dreamed of it,”  aid Harry, “but he knew more than you, knew enough not to do what you've done.” “You mean he wa  weak!”  creamed Voldemort. “Too weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been hi , what will be mine!” “No, he wa  cleverer than you,”  aid Harry, “a better wizard, a better man.” “I brought about the death of Albu  Dumbledore!” “You thought you did,”  aid Harry, “but you were wrong.” For the fri t time, the watching crowd  tirred a  the hundred  of people around the wall  drew breath a  one. “Dumbledore i  dead!” Voldemort hurled the word  at Harry a  in the marble tomb in the ground  of thi  ca tle, I have  een it, Potter, and he will not return!" “Ye , Dumbledore i  dead,”  aid Harry calmly, “but you didn't have him killed. He cho e hi  own manner of dying, cho e it month  before he died, arranged the whole thing with the man you thought wa  your  ervant.” “What chldi h dream i  thi ?”  aid Voldemort, but  till he did not  trike, and hi  red eye  did not waver from Harry' . “Severu  Snape wa n't your ,”  aid Harry. “Snape wa  Dumbledore' . Dumbledore'  from the moment you  tarting hunting down my mother. And you never realized it, becau e of the thing you can't under tand. You never  aw Snape ca t a Patronu , did you, Riddle?” Voldemort did not an wer. They continued to circle each other like wolve  about to tear each other apart. “Snape'  Patronu  wa  a doe,”  aid Harry, “the  ame a  my mother' , becau e he loved her for nearly all of hi  life, from the time when they were children. You  hould have realized,” he  aid a  he  aw Voldemort'  no tril  flare, “he a ked you to  pare her life, didn't he?” “He de ired her, that wa  all,”  neered Voldemort, “but when  he had gone, he agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worhier of him - ” “Of cour e he told you that,”  aid Harry, “but he wa  Dumbledore'   py from the moment you threatened her, and he'  been working again t you ever  ince! Dumbledore wa  already dying when Snape fini hed him!” “It matter  not!”  hrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt attention, but now let out a cackle of mad laughter. "It matter  not whether Snape wa  mine or Dumbledore' , or what petty ob tacle  they tried to put in my path! I cru hed them a  I cru hed your mother, Snape'   uppo ed great love! Oh, but it all make   en e, Potter, and in way  that you do not under tand! “Dumbledore wa  trying to keep the Elder Wand from me! He intended that Snape  hould be the true ma ter of the wand! But I got there ahead of you, little boy - I reached the wand before you could get your hand  on it, I under tood the truth before you caught up. I killed Severu  Snape three hour  ago, and the Elder Wand, the Death tick, the Wand of De tiny i  truly mine! Dumbledore'  la t plan went wrong, Harry Potter!” “Yeah, it did.”  aid Harry. “You're right. But before you try to kill me, I'd advi e you think what you've done . . . . Think, and try for  ome remor e, Riddle. . . .” “What i  thi ?” Of all the thing  that Harry had  aid to him, beyond any revelation or taunt, nothing had  ocked Voldemort like thi . Harry  aw i  pupil  contract to thin  lit ,  aw the  kin around hi  eye  whiten. “It'  your one la t chance,”  aid Harry, “it'  all you've got left. . . . I've  een what you'll be otherwi e. . . . Be a man. . . try. . . Try for  ome remor e. . . .” “You dare --- ?”  aid Voldemort again. “Ye , I dare,”  aid Harry, “becau e Dumbledore’  la t plan ha n’t backfired on me at all. It’  backfired on you, Riddle.” Voldemort’  hand wa  trembling on the Elder Wand, and Harry gripped Draco’  very tightly. The moment, he knew, wa   econd  away. “That wand  till i n’t working properly for you becau e you murdered the wrong per on. Severu  Snape wa  never the true ma ter of the Elder Wand. He never defeated Dumbledore.” “He killed --- ” “Aren’t you li tening? Snape never beat Dumbledore! Dumbledore’  death wa  planned between them! Dumbledore in tended to die, undefeated, the wand’  la t true ma ter! If all had gone a  planned, the wand’  power would have died with him, becau e it had never been won from him!” “But then, Potter, Dumbledore a  good a  gave me the wand!” Voldemort’  voice  hook with maliciou  plea ure. “I  tole the wand from it  la t ma ter’  tomb! I removed it again t the la t ma ter’  wi he ! It  power i  mine!” “You  till don’t get it, Riddle, do you? Po e ing the wand i n’t enough! Holding it, u ing it, doe n’t make it really your . Didn’t you li ten to Ollivander? The wand choo e  the wizard . . . The Elder Wand recognized a new ma ter before Dumbledore died,  omeone who never even laid a hand on it. The new ma ter removed the wand from Dumbledore again t hi  will, never realizing exactly what he had done, or that the world’  mo t dangerou  wand had given him it  allegiance . . .” Voldemort’  che t ro e and fell rapidly, and Harry could feel the cur e coming, feel it building in ide the wand pointed at hi  face. “The true ma ter of the Elder Wand wa  Draco Malfoy.” Blank  hock  howed in Voldemort’  face for a moment, but then it wa  gone. “But what doe  it matter?” he  aid  oftly. “Even if you are right, Potter, it make  no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix wand: We duel on  kill alone . . . and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy . . .” “But you’re too late,”  aid Harry. “You’ve mi ed your chance. I got there fir t. I overpowered Draco week  ago. I took hi  wand from him.” Harry twitched the hawthorn wand, and he felt the eye  of everyone in the Hall upon it. “So it all come  down to thi , doe n’t it?” whi pered Harry. “Doe  the wand in your hand know it  la t ma ter wa  Di armed? Becau e if it doe  . . . I am the true ma ter of the Elder Wand.” A red-glow bur t  uddenly acro  the enchanted  ky above them a  an edge of dazzling  un appeared over the  ill of the neare t window. The light hit both of their face  at the  ame time,  o that Voldemort’  wa   uddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice  hriek a  he too yelled hi  be t hope to the heaven , pointing Draco’  wand: “Avada Kedavra!” “Expelliarmu !” The bang wa  like a cannon bla t, and the golden flame  that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the  pell  collided. Harry  aw Voldemort’  green jet meet hi  own  pell,  aw the Elder Wand fly high, dark again t the  unri e,  pinning acro  the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini,  pinning through the air toward the ma ter it would not kill, who had come to take full po e ion of it at la t. And Harry, with the unerring  kill of the Seeker, caught the wand in hi  free hand a  Voldemort fell backward, arm   played, the  lit pupil  of the  carlet eye  rolling upward. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, hi  body feeble and  hrunken, the white hand  empty, the  nakelike face vacant and unknowing. Voldemort wa  dead, killed by hi  own rebounding cur e, and Harry  tood with two wand  in hi  hand,  taring down at hi  enemy’   hell. One  hivering  econd of  ilence, the  hock of the moment  u pended: and then the tumult broke around Harry a  the  cream  and the cheer  and the roar  of the watcher  rent the air. The fierce new  un dazzled the window  a  they thundered toward him, and the fir t to reach him were Ron and Hermione, and it wa  their arm  that were wrapped around him, their incomprehen ible  hout  that deafened him. The Ginny, Neville, and Luna were there, and then all the Wea ley  and Hagrid, and King ley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone wa   houting, not tell who e hand  were  eizing him, pulling him, trying to hug  ome part of him, hundred  of them pre ing in, all of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the rea on it wa  over at la t --- The  un ro e  teadily over Hogwart , and the Great Hall blazed with life and light. Harry wa  an indi pen ible part of the mingled outpouring  of jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. They wanted him there with them, their leader and  ymbol, their  avior and their guide, and that he had not  lept, that he craved the company of only a few of them,  eemed to occur to no one. He mu t  peak to the bereaved, cla p their hand , witne  their tear , receive their thank , hear the new  now creeping in from every quarter a  the morning drew on; that the Imperiu ed up and down the country had come back to them elve , that Death Eater  were fleeing or el e being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were being relea ed at that very moment, and that King ley Shacklebolt had been named temporary Mini ter of Magic. They moved Voldemort’  body and laid it in a chamber off the Hall, away form the bodie  of Fred, Tonk , Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty other  who had died fighting him. McGonagall had replaced the Hou e table , not nobody wa   itting according to Hou e anymore: All were jumbled together, teacher  and pupil , gho t  and parent , centaur  and hou e-elve , and Firenze lay recovering in the corner, and Grawp peered in through a  ma hed window, and people were throwing food into hi  laughing mouth. After a while, exhau ted and drained, Harry found him elf  itting on a bench be ide Luna. “I’d want  ome peace and quiet, if it were me,”  he  aid. “I’d love  ome,” he replied. “I’ll di tract them all,”  he  aid. “U e your cloak.” And before he could  ay a word,  he had cried, “Oooh, look, a Blibbering Humdinger!” and pointed out the window. Everyone who heard looked around, and Harry  lid the Cloak up over him elf, and got to hi  feet. Now he could move through the Hall without interference. He  potted Ginny two table  away;  he wa   itting with her head on her mother’   houlder: There would be time to talk later, hour  and day  and maybe year  in which to talk. He  aw Neville, the  word of Gryffindor lying be ide hi  plate a  he ate,  urrounded by a knot of fervent admirer . Along the ai le between the table  he walked, and he  potted the three Malfoy , huddled together a  though un ure whether or not they were  uppo ed to be there, but nobody wa  paying them any attention. Everywhere he looked, he  aw familie  reunited, and finally, he  aw the two who e company he craved mo t. “It’  me,” he muttered, crouching down between them. “Will you come with me?” They  tood up at once, and together he, Ron and Hermione left the Great Hall. Great chunk  were mi ing from the marble  tairca e, part of the balu trade gone, and rubble and blood tain  occurred ever few  tep  a  their climbed. Somewhere in the di tance they could hear Peeve  zooming through the corridor   inging a victory  ong of hi  own compo ition: We did it, we ba hed them, wee Potter’  the one, And Voldy’  gone moldy,  o now let’  have fun! “Really give  a feeling for the  cope and tragedy of the thing, doe n’t it?”  aid Ron, pu hing open a door to let Harry and Hermione through. Happine  would come, Harry though, but at the moment it wa  muffled by exhau tion, and the pain of lo ing Fred and Lupin and Tonk  pierced him like a phy ical wound every few  tep . Mo t of all he felt the mo t  tupendou  relief, and a longing to  leep. But fir t he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had  tuck with him for  o long, and who de erved the truth. Pain takingly he recounted what he had  eem in the Pen ieve and what had happened in the fore t, and they had not even begun to expre  all their  hock and amazement, when at la t they arrived at the place to which they had been walking, though none of them had mentioned their de tination. Since he had la t  een it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headma ter’   tudy had been knocked a ide; it  tood lop ided, looking a little punch-drunk, and Harry wondered whether it would be able to di tingui h pa word  anymore. “Can we go up?” he a ked the gargoyle. “Feel free,” groaned the  tatue. They clambered over him and onto the  piral  tone  tairca e that moved  lowly upward like an e calator. Harry pu hed open the door at the top. He had one, brief glimp e of the  tone Pen ieve on the de k where he had left it, and then an ear plitting noi e made him cry out, thinking of cur e  and returning Death Eater  and the rebirth of Voldemort --- But it wa  applau e. All around the wall , the headma ter  and headmi tre e  of Hogwart  were giving him a  tanding ovation; they waved their hat  and in  ome ca e  their wig , they reached through their frame  to grip each other’  hand ; they danced up and down on their chair  in which they have been painted: Dily  Derwent  obbed una hamedly; Dexter Forte cue wa  waving hi  ear-trumpet; and Phinea  Niggelu  called, in hi  high, reedy voice, “And let it be noted that Slytherin Hou e played it  part! Let our contribution not be forgotten!” But Harry had eye  only for the man who  tood in the large t portrait directly behind the headma ter’  chair. Tear  were  liding down from behind the half-moon  pectacle  into the long  ilver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled Harry wit h the  ame balm a  phoenix  ong. At la t, Harry held up hi  hand , and the portrait  fell re pectfully  ilent, beaming and mopping their eye  and waiting eagerly for him to  peak. He directed hi  word  at Dumbledore, however, and cho e them with enormou  care. Exhau ted and bleary-eyed though he wa , he mu t make one la t effort,  eeking one la t piece of advice. “The thing that wa  hidden in the Snitch,” he began, “I dropped it in the fore t. I don’t exactly here, but I’m not going to go looking for it again. Do you agree?” “My dear boy, I do,”  aid Dumbledore, while hi  fellow picture  looked confu ed and curiou . “A wi e and courageou  deci ion, but no le  than I would have expected of you. Doe  anyone know el e know where it fell?” “No one,”  aid Harry, and Dumbledore nodded hi   ati faction. “I’m going to keep Ignotu ’  pre ent, though,”  aid Harry, and Dumbledore beamed. “But of cour e, Harry, it i  your  forever, until you pa  it on!” “And then there’  thi .” Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in hi  befuddled and  leep-deprived  tate, Harry did not like to  ee. “I don’t want it.”  aid Harry. “What?”  aid Ron loudly. “Are you mental?” “I know it’  powerful,”  aid Harry wearily. “But I wa  happier with mine. So . . .” He rummaged in the pouch hung around hi  neck, and pulled out the two halve  of holly t till ju t connected by the fine t threat of phoenix feather. Hermione had  aid that they could not be repaired, that the damage wa  too  evere. All he knew wa  that if thi  did not work, nothing would. He laid the broken wand upon the headma ter’  de k, touched it with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and  aid, “Reparo.” A  hi  wand re ealed, red  park  flew out of it  end. Harry knew that he had  ucceeded. He picked up the holly and phoenix wand and felt a  udden warmth in hi  finger , a  though wand and hand were rejoicing at their reunion. “I’m putting the Elder Wand,” he told Dumbledore, who wa  watching him with enormou  affection and admiration, “back where it came from. It can  tay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotu , it  power will be broken, won’t it? The previou  ma ter will never have been defeated. That’ll be the end of it. Dumbledore nodded. They  miled at each other. “Are you  ure?”  aid Ron. There wa  the fainte t trace of longing in hi  voice a  he looked at the Elder Wand. “I think Harry’  right,”  aid Hermione quietly. “That wand’  more trouble than it’  worth.”  aid Harry. “And quite hone tly,” he turned away from the painted portrait , thinking now only of the four-po ter bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a  andwich there, “I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.” EPILOGUE Nineteen Year  Later Autumn  eemed to arrive  uddenly that year. The morning of the fir t of September wa  cri p a  an apple, and a  the little family bobbed acro  the rumbling road toward the great  ooty  tation, the fume  of car exhau t  and the breath of pede trian   parkled like cobweb  in the cold air. Two large cage  tattled on top of the laden trolley  the parent  were pu hing; the owl  in ide them hooted indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed fearfully behind here brother , clutching her father'  arm. “It won't be long, and you'll be going too,” Harry told her. “Two year ,”  niffed Lily. “I want to go now!” The commuter   tared curiou ly at the owl  a  the family wove it  way toward the barrier between platform  nine and ten, Albu '  voice drifted back to Harry over the  urrounding clamor; hi   on  had re umed the argument they had  tarted in the car. “I won't! I won't be a Slytherin!” “Jame , give it a re t!”  aid Ginny. “I only  aid he might be,”  aid Jame , grinning at hi  younger brother. “There'  nothing wrong with that. He might be in Slytherin” But Jame  caught hi  mother'  eye and fell  ilent. The five Potter  approached the barrier. With a  lightly cocky look over hi   houlder at hi  younger brother, Jame  took the trolley from hi  mother and broke into a run. A moment later, he had vani hed. “You'll write to me, won't you?” Albu  a ked hi  parent  immediately, capitalizing on the momentary ab ence of hi  brother. “Every day, of you want u  to,”  aid Ginny. “Not every day,”  aid Albu  quickly, “Jame   ay  mo t people only get letter  from home about once a month.” “We wrote to Jame  three time  a week la t year,”  aid Ginny. “And you don't want to believe everything he tell  you about Hogwart ,” Harry put in. “He like  a laugh, your brother.” Side by  ide, they pu hed the  econd trolley forward, gathering  peed. A  they reached the barrier, Albu  winced, but no colli ion came. In tead, the family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarter , which wa  ob cured by thick white  team that wa  pouring from the  carlet Hogwart  Expre . Indi tinct figure  were  warming through the mi t, into which Jame  had already di appeared. “Where are they?” a ked Albu  anxiou ly, peering at the hazy form  they pa ed a  they made their way down the platform. “We'll find them,”  aid Ginny rea uringly. But the vapor wa  den e, and it wa  difficult to make out anybody'  face . Detached from their owner , voice   ounded unnaturally loud, Harry thought he head Percy di cour ing loudly on broom tick regulation , and wa  quite glad of the excu e not to  top and  ay hello. . . . “I think that'  them, Al,”  aid Ginny  uddenly. A group of four people emerged from the mi t,  tanding along ide the very la t carriage. Their face  only came into focu  when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albu  had drawn right up to them. “Hi,”  aid Albu ,  ounding immen ely relieved. Ro e , who wa  already wearing her brand-new Hogwart  robe , beamed at him. “Parked all right, then?” Ron a ked Harry. “I did. Hermione didn't believe I could pa  a Muggle driving te t, did you? She thought I'd have to Confound the examiner.” “No, I didn't,”  aid Hermione, “I had complete faith in you.” “A  a matter of fact, I did Confund him,” Ron whi pered to Harry, a  together they lifted Albu '  trunk and owl onto the train. “I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let'  face it, I can u e a Super en ory Charm for that.” Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Ro e'  younger brother, having an animated di cu ion about which Hou e they would be  orted into when they finally went to Hogwart . “If you're not in Gryffindor, we'll di inherit you,”  aid Ron, “but no pre ure.” “Ron!” Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albu  and Ro e looked  olemn. “He doe n't mean it,”  aid Hermione and Ginny, but Ron wa  no longer paying attention. Catching Harry'  eye, he nodded covertly to a point  ome fifty yard  away. The  team had thinned for a moment, and three people  tood in  harp relief again t the  hifting mi t. “Look who it i .” Draco Malfoy wa   tanding there with hi  wife and  on, a dark coat buttoned up to hi  throat. Hi  hair wa  receding  omewhat, which empha ized the pointed chin. The new boy re embled Draco a  much a  Albu  re embled Harry. Draco caught  ight of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny  taring at him, nodded curtly, and turned away again. “So that'  little Scorpiu ,”  aid Ron under hi  breath. “Make  ure you beat him in every te t, Ro ie. Thank God you inherited your mother'  brain .” “Ron, for heaven'   ake,”  aid Hermione, half  tern, half amu ed. “Don't try to turn them again t each other before they've even  tarted  chool!” “You're right,  orry,”  aid Ron, but unable to help him elf, he added, “Don't get too friendly with him, though, Ro ie. Granddad Wea ley would never forgive you if you married a pureblood.” “Hey!” Jame  had reappeared; he had dive ted him elf of hi  trunk, owl, and trolley, and wa  evidently bur ting with new . “Teddy'  back there,” he  aid breathle ly, pointing back over hi   houlder into the billowing cloud  of  team. “Ju t  een him! And gue  what he'  doing? Snogging Victoire!” He gazed up at the adult , evidently di appointed by the lack of reaction. “Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cou in! And I a ked teddy what he wa  doing --” “You interrupted them?”  aid Ginny. “You are  o like Ron --” “-- and he  aid he'd come to  ee her off! And then he told me to go away. He'   nogging her!” Jame  added a  though worried he had not made him elf clear. “Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!” whi pered Lily ec tatically. “Teddy would really be part of the family then!” “He already come  round for dinner about four time  a week,”  aid Harry “Why don't we ju t invite him to live with i  and have done with it?” “Yeah!”  aid Jame  enthu ia tically. “I don't mind  haring with Al--Teddy could have my room!” “No,”  aid Harry firmly, “you and Al will  hare a room only when I want the hou e demoli hed.” He checked the battered old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett' . “It'  nearly eleven, you'd better get on board.” “Don't forget to give Neville our love!” Ginny told Jame  a   he hugged him. “Mum! I can't give a profe or love!” “But you know Neville--” Jame  rolled hi  eye . “Out ide, yeah, but at  chool he'  Profe or Longbottom, i n't he? I can't walk into Herbology and give him love. . . .” Shaking hi  head at hi  mother'  fooli hne , he vented hi  feeling  by aiming a kick at Albu . “See you later, Al. Watch out for the the tral .” “I thought they were invi ible? You  aid they were invi ible!” but Jame  merely laughed, permitted hi  mother to ki  him, gave hi  father a fleeting hug, then leapt onto the rapidly filling train. They  aw him wave, then  print away up the corridor to find hi  friend . “The tral  are nothing to worry about,” Harry told Albu . “They're gentle thing , there'  nothing  care about them. Anyway, you won't be going up to  chool in the carriage , you'll be going in the boat .” Ginny ki ed Albu  good-bye. “See you at Chri tma .” “Bye, Al,”  aid Harry a  hi   on hugged him. “Don't forget Hagrid'  invited you to tea next Friday. Don't me  with Peeve . Don't duel anyone till you're learned how. And don't let Jame  wind you up.” “What if I'm in Slytherin?” The whi per wa  for hi  father alone, and Harry knew that only the moment of departure could have forced Albu  to reveal how great and  incere that fear wa . Harry crouched down  o that Albu '  face wa   lightly above hi  own. Alone of Harry'  three children, Albu  had inherited Lily'  eye . “Ablu  Severu ,” Harry  aid quietly,  o that nobody but Ginny could hear, and  he wa  tactful enough to pretend to be waving to ro e, who wa  now on the train, “you were named for two headma ter  of Hogwart . One of them wa  a Slytherin and he wa  probably the brave t man I ever knew.” “But ju t  ay--” “--then Slytherin Hou e will have gained an excellent  tudent, won't it? It doe n't matter to u , Al. But if it matter to you, you'll be able to choo e Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat take  your choice into account.” “Really?” “It did for me,”  aid Harry. He had never told any of hi  children that before, and he  aw the wonder in Albu '  face when he  aid it. But how the door r were  lamming all along the  carlet train, and the blurred outline  of parent   warming forward for final ki e , la t-minute reminder , Albu  jumped into the carriage and ginny clo ed the door behind him. Student  were hanging from the window  neare t them. A great number of face , both on the train and off,  eemed to be turned toward Harry. “Why are they all  taring?” demanded Albu  a  he and ro e craned around to look at the other  tudent . “Don't let it worry you,”  aid Ron. “It'  me, I'm extremely famou .” Albu , Ro e, Hugo, and Lily laughed. The train began to more, and Harry walked along ide it, watching hi   on'  thin face, already ablaze with excitement. Harry kept  miling and waving, even though it wa  like a little bereavement, watching hi   on glide away from him. . . . The la t trace of  team evaporated in the autumn air. The train rounded a corner. Harry'  hand wa   till rai ed in farewell. “He'll be alright,” murmured Ginny. A  Harry looked dat her, he lowered hi  hand ab entmindedly and touched the lightning  car on hi  forehead. “I know he will.” The  car had not pained Harry for nineteen year . All wa  well.