The villager  of Little Hangleton  till called it “the Riddle Hou e,” even though it had been many year   ince the Riddle family had lived there. It  tood on a hill overlooking the village,  ome of it  window  boarded, tile  mi ing from it  roof, and ivy  preading unchecked over it  face. Once a fine-looking manor, and ea ily the large t and grande t building for mile  around, the Riddle Hou e wa  now damp, derelict, and unoccupied. The Little Hangleton  all agreed that the old hou e wa  “creepy.” Half a century ago,  omething  trange and horrible had happened there,  omething that the older inhabitant  of the village  till liked to di cu  when topic  for go ip were  carce. The  tory had been picked over  o many time , and had been embroidered in  o many place , that nobody wa  quite  ure what the truth wa  anymore. Every ver ion of the tale, however,  tarted in the  ame place: Fifty year  before, at daybreak on a fine  ummer'  morning when the Riddle Hou e had  till been well kept and impre ive, a maid had entered the drawing room to find all three Riddle  dead. The maid had run  creaming down the hill into the village and rou ed a  many people a   he could. “Lying there with their eye  wide open! Cold a  ice! Still in their dinner thing !” The police were  ummoned, and the whole of Little Hangleton had  eethed with  hocked curio ity and ill-di gui ed excitement. Nobody wa ted their breath pretending to feel very  ad about the Riddle , for they had been mo t unpopular. Elderly Mr. and Mr . Riddle had been rich,  nobbi h, and rude, and their grown-up  on, Tom, had been, if anything, wor e. All the villager  cared about wa  the identity of their murderer - for plainly, three apparently healthy people did not all drop dead of natural cau e  on the  ame night. The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade that night; the whole village  eemed to have turned out to di cu  the murder . They were rewarded for leaving their fire ide  when the Riddle ' cook arrived dramatically in their mid t and announced to the  uddenly  ilent pub that a man called Frank Bryce had ju t been arre ted. “Frank!” cried  everal people. “Never!” Frank Bryce wa  the Riddle ' gardener. He lived alone in a run-down cottage on the ground  of the Riddle Hou e. Frank had come back from the war with a very  tiff leg and a great di like of crowd  and loud noi e , and had been working for the Riddle  ever  ince. There wa  a ru h to buy the cook drink  and hear more detail . “Alway  thought he wa  odd,”  he told the eagerly li tening villager , after her fourth  herry. “Unfriendly, like. I'm  ure if I've offered him a cuppa once, I've offered it a hundred time . Never wanted to mix, he didn't.” “Ah, now,”  aid a woman at the bar, “he had a hard war, Frank. He like  the quiet life. That'  no rea on to -” “Who el e had a key to the back door, then?” barked the cook. “There'  been a  pare key hanging in the gardener'  cottage far back a  I can remember! Nobody forced the door la t night! No broken window ! All Frank had to do wa  creep up to the big hou e while we wa  all  leeping…” The villager  exchanged dark look . “I alway  thought that he had a na ty look about him, right enough,” grunted a man at the bar. “War turned him funny, if you a k me,”  aid the landlord. “Told you I wouldn't like to get on the wrong  ide of Frank, didn't I, Dot?”  aid an excited woman in the corner. “Horrible temper,”  aid Dot, nodding fervently. “I remember, when he wa  a kid…” By the following morning, hardly anyone in Little Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the Riddle . But over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police  tation, Frank wa   tubbornly repeating, again and again, that he wa  innocent, and that the only per on he had  een near the hou e on the day of the Riddle ' death  had been a teenage boy, a  tranger, dark-haired and pale. Nobody el e in the village had  een any  uch boy, and the police were quite  ure Frank had invented him. Then, ju t when thing  were looking very  eriou  for Frank, the report on the Riddle ' bodie  came back and changed everything. The police had never read an odder report. A team of doctor  had examined the bodie  and had concluded that none of the Riddle  had been poi oned,  tabbed,  hot,  trangle ,  uffocated, or (a  far a  they could tell) harmed at all. In fact (the report continued, in a tone of unmi takable bewilderment), the Riddle  all appeared to be in perfect health - apart from the fact that they were all dead. The doctor  did note (a  though determined to find  omething wrong with the bodie ) that each of the Riddle  had a look of terror upon hi  or her face - but a  the fru trated police  aid, whoever heard of three people being frightened to death? A  there wa  no proof that the Riddle  had been murdered at all, the police were forced to let Frank go. The Riddle  were buried in the Little Hangleton churchyard, and their grave  remained object  of curio ity for a while. To everyone'   urpri e, and amid a cloud of  u picion, Frank Bryce returned to hi  cottage on the ground  of the Riddle Hou e. “'S far a  I'm concerned, he killed them, and I don't care what the police  ay,”  aid Dot in the Hanged Man. “And if he had any decency, he'd leave here, knowing a  how we know  he did it.” But Frank did not leave. He  tayed to tend the garden for the next family who lived in the Riddle Hou e, and then the next - for neither family  tayed long. Perhap  it wa  partly becau e of Frank that the new owner   aid there wa  a na ty feeling about the place, which, in the ab ence of inhabitant ,  tarted to fall into di repair. The wealthy man who owned the Riddle Hou e the e day  neither lived there nor put it to any u e; they  aid in the village that he kept it for “tax rea on ,” though nobody wa  very clear what the e might be. The wealthy owner continued to pay Frank to do the gardening, however. Frank wa  nearing hi   eventy- eventh birthday now, very deaf, hi  bad leg  tiffer than ever, but could be  een pottering around the flower bed  in fine weather, even though the weed  were  tarting to creep up on him, try a  he might to  uppre  them. Weed  were not the only thing  Frank had to contend with either. Boy  from the village made a habit of throwing  tone  through the window  of the Riddle Hou e. They rode their bicycle  over the lawn  Frank worked  o hard to keep  mooth. Once or twice, they broke into the old hou e for a dare. They knew that old Frank'  devotion to the hou e and the ground  amounted almo t to an ob e ion, and it amu ed them to  ee him limping acro  the garden, brandi hing hi   tick and yelling croakily at them. Frank, for hi  part, believed the boy  tormented him becau e they, like their parent  and grandparent , though him a murderer. So when Frank awoke one night in Augu t and  aw  omething very odd up at the old hou e, he merely a umed that the boy  had gone one  tep further in their attempt  to puni h him. It wa  Frank'  bad leg that woke him; it wa  paining him wor e than ever in hi  old age. He got up and limped down tair  into the kitchen with the idea of refilling hi  hot-water bottle to ea e the  tiffne  in hi  knee. Standing at the  ink, filling the kettle, he looked up at the Riddle Hou e and  aw light  glimmering in it  upper window . Frank knew at once what wa  going on. The boy  had broken into the hou e again, and judging by the flickering quality of the light, they had  tarted a fire. Frank had no telephone, in any ca e, he had deeply mi tru ted the police ever  ince they had taken him in for que tioning about the Riddle ' death . He put down the kettle at once, hurried back up tair  a  fa t a  hi  bad leg would allow, and wa   oon back in hi  kitchen, fully dre ed and removing a ru ty old key from it  hook by the door. He picked up hi  walking  tick, which wa  propped again t the wall, and  et off into the night. The front door of the Riddle Hou e bore no  ign of being forced, nor did any of the window . Frank limped around to the back of the hou e until he reached a door almo t completely hidden by ivy, took out the old key, put it into the lock, and opened the door noi ele ly. He let him elf into the cavernou  kitchen. Frank had not entered it for many year ; neverthele , although it wa  very dark, he remembered where the door into the hall wa , and he groped hi  way toward  it, hi  no tril  full of the  mell of decay, ear  pricked for any  ound of foot tep  or voice  from overhead. He reached the hall, which wa  a little lighter owing to the large mullioned window  on either  ide of the front door, and  tarted to climb the  tair , ble ing the du t that lay thick upon the  tone, becau e it muffled the  ound of hi  feet and  tick. On the landing, Frank turned right, and  aw at once where the intruder  were: At the every end of the pa age a door  tood ajar, and a flickering light  hone through the gap, ca ting a long  liver of gold acro  the black floor. Frank edged clo er and clo er, he wa  able to  ee a narrow  lice of the room beyond. The fire, he now  aw, had been lit in the grate. Thi   urpri ed him. Then he  topped moving and li tened intently, for a man'  voice  poke within the room; it  ounded timid and fearful. “There i  a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you are  till hungry.” “Later,”  aid a  econd voice. Thi  too belonged to a man - but it wa   trangely high-pitched, and cold a  a  udden bla t of icy wind. Something about that voice made the  par e hair  on the back of Frank'  neck  tand up. “Move me clo er to the fire, Wormtail.” Frank turned hi  right ear toward the door, the better to hear. There came the clink of a bottle being put down upon  ome hard  urface, and then the dull  craping noi e of a heavy chair being dragged acro  the floor. Frank caught a glimp e of a  mall man, hi  back to the door, pu hing the chair into place. He wa  wearing a long black cloak, and there wa  a bald patch at the back of hi  head. Then he went out of  ight again. “Where i  Nagini?”  aid the cold voice. “I - I don't know, My Lord,”  aid the fir t voice nervou ly. “She  et out to explore the hou e, I think…” “You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail,”  aid the  econd voice. “I will need feeding in the night. The journey ha  tired me greatly.” Brow furrowed, Frank inclined hi  good ear  till clo er to the door, li tening very hard. There wa  a pau e, and then the man called Wormtail  poke again. “My Lord, may I a k how long we are going to  tay here?” “A week,”  aid the cold voice. “Perhap  longer. The place i  moderately comfortable, and the plan cannot proceed yet. It would be fooli h to act before the Quidditch World Cup i  over.” Frank in erted a gnarled finger into hi  ear and rotated it. Owing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax, he had heard the word “Quidditch,” which wa  not a word at all. “The - the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?”  aid Wormtail. (Frank dug hi  finger  till more vigorou ly into hi  ear.) “Forgive me, but - I do not under tand - why  hould we wait until the World Cup i  over?” “Becau e, fool, at thi  very moment wizard  are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Mini try of Magic will be on duty, on the watch for  ign  of unu ual activity, checking and double-checking identitie . They will be ob e ed with  ecurity, le t the Muggle  notice anything. So we wait.” Frank  topped trying to clear out hi  ear. He had di tinctly heard the word  “Mini try of Magic,” “wizard ,” and “Muggle .” Plainly, each of the e expre ion  meant  omething  ecret, and Frank could think of only two  ort  of people who would  peak in code:  pie  and criminal . Frank tightened hi  hold on hi  walking  tick once more, and li tened more clo ely  till. “Your Lord hip i   till determined, then?” Wormtail  aid quietly. “Certainly I am determined, Wormtail.” There wa  a note of menace in the cold voice now. A  light pau e followed - and the Wormtail  poke, the word  tumbling from him in a ru h, a  though he wa  forcing him elf to  ay thi  before he lo t hi  nerve. “It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord.” Another pau e, more protracted, and then - “Without Harry Potter?” breathed the  econd voice  oftly. “I  ee…” “My Lord, I do not  ay thi  out of concern for the boy!”  aid Wormtail, hi  voice ri ing  queakily. “The boy i  nothing to me, nothing at all! It i  merely that if we were to u e another witch or wizard - any wizard - the thing could be done  o much more quickly! If you allowed me to leave you for a  hort while - you know that I can di gui e my elf mo t effectively - I could be back here in a  little a  two day  with a  uitable per on -” “I could u e another wizard,”  aid the cold voice  oftly, “that i  true…” “My Lord, it make   en e,”  aid Wormtail,  ounding thoroughly relieved now. “Laying hand  on Harry Potter would be  o difficult, he i   o well protected -” “And  o you volunteer to go and fetch me a  ub titute? I wonder…perhap  the ta k of nur ing me ha  become weari ome for you, Wormtail? Could thi   ugge tion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to de ert me?” “My Lord! I - I have no wi h to leave you, none at all -” “Do not lie to me!” hi ed the  econd voice. “I can alway  tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever returned to me. I revolt you. I  ee you flinch when you look at me, feel you  hudder when you touch me…” “No! My devotion to Your Lord hip -” “Your devotion i  nothing more than cowardice. You would not be here if you had anywhere el e to go. How am I to  urvive without you, when I need feeding every few hour ? Who i  to milk Nagini?” “But you  eem  o much  tronger, My Lord -” “Liar,” breathed the  econd voice. “I am no  tronger, and a few day  alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regained under your clum y care. Silence!” Wormtail, who had been  puttering incoherently, fell  ilent at once. For a few  econd , Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling. The  econd man  poke once more, in a whi per that wa  almo t a hi . “I have my rea on  for u ing the boy, a  I have already explained to you, and I will u e no other. I have waited thirteen year . A few more month  will make no difference. A  for the protection  urrounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that i  needed i  a little courage from you, Wormtail - courage you will find, unle  you wi h to feel the full extent of Lord Voldermort'  wrath -” “My Lord, I mu t  peak!”  aid Wormtail, panic in hi  voice now. “All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head - My Lord, Bertha Jorkin'  di appearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I murder -” “If?” whi pered the  econd voice. “If? If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Mini try need never know that anyone el e ha  died. You will do it quietly and without fu ; I only wi h that I could do it my elf, but in my pre ent condition…Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter i  clear. I am not a king you to do it alone. By that time, my faithful  ervant will have rejoined u  -” “I am a faithful  ervant,”  aid Wormtail, the mere t trace of  ullenne  in hi  voice. “Wormtail, I need  omebody with brain ,  omebody who e loyalty ha  never wavered, and you, unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement.” “I found you,”  aid Wormtail, and there wa  definitely a  ulky edge to hi  voice now. “I wa  the one who found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkin .” “That i  true,”  aid the  econd man,  ounding amu ed. “A  troke of brilliance I would not have thought po ible from you, Wormtail - though, if truth be told, you were not aware how u eful  he would be when you caught her, were you?” “I - I thought  he might be u eful, My Lord -” “Liar,”  aid the  econd voice again, the cruel amu ement more pronounced than ever. “However, I do not deny that her information wa  invaluable. Without it, I could never have formed our plan, and for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will allow you to perform an e ential ta k for me, one that many of my follower  would give their right hand  to perform…” “R-really, My Lord? What -?” Wormtail  ounded terrified again. “Ah, Wormtail, you don't want me to  poil the  urpri e? Your part will come at the very end…but I promi e you, you will have the honor of being ju t a  u eful a  Bertha Jorkin .” “You…you…” Wormtail'  voice  uddenly  ounded hoar e, a  though hi  mouth had gone very dry. “You…are going…to kill me too?” “Wormtail, Wormtail,”  aid the cold voice  ilkily, “why would I kill you? I killed Bertha becau e I had to. She wa  fit for nothing after my que tioning, quite u ele . In any ca e, awkward que tion  would have been a ked if  he had gone back to the Mini try with the new  that  he had met you on her holiday . Wizard  who are  uppo ed to be dead would do well not to run into Mini try of Magic witche  at way ide inn …” Wormtail muttered  omething  o quietly that Frank could not hear it, but it made the  econd man laugh - an entirely mirthle  laugh, cold a  hi   peech. “We could have modified her memory? But Memory Charm  can be broken by a powerful wizard, a  I proved when I que tioned her. It would be an in ult to her memory not to u e the information I extracted from her, Wormtail.” Out in the corridor, Frank  uddenly became aware that the hand gripping hi  walking  tick wa   lippery with  weat. The man with the cold voice had killed a woman. He wa  talking about it without any kind of remor e - with amu ement. He wa  dangerou  - a madman. And he wa  planning more murder  - thi  boy, Harry Potter, whoever he wa  - wa  in danger - Frank knew what he mu t do. Now, if ever, wa  the time to go to the police. He would creep out of the hou e and head  traight for the telephone box in the village…but the cold voice wa   peaking again, and Frank remained where he wa , frozen to the  pot, li tening with all hi  might. “One more murder…my faithful  ervant at Hogwart …Harry Potter i  a  good a  mine, Wormtail. It i  decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet…I think I hear Nagini…” And the  econd man'  voice changed. He  tarted making noi e   uch a  Frank had never heard before; he wa  hi ing and  pitting without drawing breath. Frank thought he mu t be having  ome  ort of fit or  eizure. And then Frank heard movement behind him in the dark pa ageway. He turned to look, and found him elf paralyzed with fright. Something wa   lithering toward him along the dark corridor floor, and a  it drew nearer to the  liver of firelight, he realized with a thrill of terror that it wa  a gigantic  nake, at lea t twelve feet long. Horrified, tran fixed, Frank  tared a  it  undulating body cut a wide, curving track through the thick du t on the floor, coming clo er and clo er - What wa  he to do? The only mean  of e cape wa  into the room where the two men  at plotting murder, yet if he  tayed where he wa  the  nake would  urely kill him - But before he had made hi  deci ion, the  nake wa  level with him, and then, incredibly, miraculou ly, it wa  pa ing; it wa  following the  pitting, hi ing noi e  made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in  econd , the tip of it  diamond-patterned tail had vani hed through the gap. There wa   weat on Frank'  forehead now, and the hand on the walking  tick wa  trembling. In ide the room, the cold voice wa  continuing to hi , and Frank wa  vi ited by a  trange idea, an impo ible idea…Thi  man could talk to  nake . Frank didn't under tand what wa  going on. He wanted more than anything to be back in hi  bed with hi  hot-water bottle. The problem wa  that hi  leg  didn't  eem to want to move. A  he  tood there  haking and trying to ma ter him elf, the cold voice  witched abruptly to Engli h again. “Nagini ha  intere ting new , Wormtail,” it  aid. “In-indeed, My Lord?”  aid Wormtail. “Indeed, ye ,”  aid the voice, “According to Nagini, there i  an old Muggle  tanding right out ide thi  room, li tening to every word we  ay.” Frank didn't have a chance to hide him elf. There were foot tep  and then the door of the room wa  flung wide open. A  hort, balding man with graying hair, a pointed no e, and  mall, watery eye   tood before Frank, a mixture of fear and alarm in hi  face. “Invite him in ide, Wormtail. Where are your manner ?” The cold voice wa  coming from the ancient armchair before the fire, but Frank couldn't  ee the  peaker. the  nake, on the other hand, wa  curled up on the rotting hearth rug, like  ome horrible trave ty of a pet dog. Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. Though  till deeply  haken, Frank took a firmer grip on hi  walking  tick and limped over the thre hold. The fire wa  the only  ource of light in the room; it ca t long,  pidery  hadow  upon the wall . Frank  tared at the back of the armchair; the man in ide it  eemed to be even  maller than hi   ervant, for Frank couldn't even  ee the back of hi  head. “You heard everything, Muggle?”  aid the cold voice. “What'  that you're calling me?”  aid Frank defiantly, for now that he wa  in ide the room, now that the time had come for  ome  ort of action, he felt braver; it had alway  been  o in the war. “I am calling you a Muggle,”  aid the voice coolly. “It mean  that you are not a wizard.” “I don't know what you mean by wizard,”  aid Frank, hi  voice growing  teadier. “All I know i  I've heard enough to intere t the police tonight, I have. You've done murder and you're planning more! And I'll tell you thi  too,” he added, on a  udden in piration, “my wife know  I'm up here, and if I don't come back -” “You have no wife,”  aid the cold voice, very quietly. “Nobody know  you are here. You told nobody that you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for he know …he alway  know …” “I  that right?”  aid Frank roughly. “Lord, i  it? Well, I don't think much of your manner , My Lord. Turn 'round and face me like a man, why don't you?” “But I am not a man, Muggle,”  aid the cold voice, barely audible now over the crackling of the flame . “I am much, much more than a man. However…why not? I will face you…Wormtail, come turn my chair around.” The  ervant gave a whimper. “You heard me, Wormtail.” Slowly, with hi  face  crewed up, a  though he would rather have done anything than approach hi  ma ter and the hearth rug where the  nake lay, the  mall man walked forward and began to turn the chair. The  nake lifted it  ugly triangular head and hi ed  lightly a  the leg  of the chair  nagged on it  rug. And then the chair wa  facing Frank, and he  aw what wa   itting in it. Hi  walking  tick fell to the floor with a clatter. He opened hi  mouth and let out a  cream. He wa   creaming  o loudly that he never heard the word  the thing in the chair  poke a  it rai ed a wand. There wa  a fla h of green light, a ru hing  ound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. He wa  dead before he hit the floor. Two hundred mile  away, the boy called Harry Potter woke with a  tart. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWO THE SCAR H arry lay flat on hi  back, breathing hard a  though he had been running. He had awoken from a vivid dream with hi  hand  pre ed over hi  face. The old  car on hi  forehead, which wa   haped like a bolt of lightning, wa  burning beneath hi  finger  a  though  omeone had ju t pre ed a white-hot wire to hi   kin. He  at up, one hand  till on hi   car, the other hand reaching out in the darkne  for hi  gla e , which were on the bed ide table. He put them on and hi  bedroom came into clearer focu , lit by a faint, mi ty orange light that wa  filtering through the curtain  from the  treet lamp out ide the window. Harry ran hi  finger  over the  car again. It wa   till painful. He turned on the lamp be ide him,  crambled out of bed, cro ed the room, opened hi  wardrobe, and peered into the mirror on the in ide of the door. A  kinny boy of fourteen looked back at him, hi  bright green eye  puzzled under hi  untidy black hair. He examined the lightning-bolt  car of hi  reflection more clo ely. It looked normal, but it wa   till  tinging. Harry tried to recall what he had been dreaming about before he had awoken. It had  eemed  o real…There had been two people he knew and one he didn't…He concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember… The dim picture of a darkened room came to him…There had been a  nake on a hearth rug…a  mall man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail…and a cold, high voice…the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt a  though an ice cube had  lipped down into hi   tomach at the very thought… He clo ed hi  eye  tightly and tried to remember what Voldemort had looked like, but it wa  impo ible…All Harry knew wa  that at the moment when Voldemort'  chair had  wung around, and he, Harry, had  een what wa   itting in it, he had felt a  pa m of horror, which had awoken him…or had that been the pain in hi   car? And who had the old man been? For there had definitely been an old man; Harry had watched him fall to the ground. It wa  all becoming confu ed. Harry put hi  face into hi  hand , blocking out hi  bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly lit room, but it wa  like trying to keep water in hi  cupped hand ; the detail  were now trickling away a  fa t a  he tried to hold on to them…Voldemort and Wormtail had been talking about  omeone they had killed, though Harry could not remember the name…and they had been plotting to kill  omeone el e…him! Harry took hi  face out of hi  hand , opened hi  eye , and  tared around hi  bedroom a  though expecting to  ee  omething unu ual there. A  it happened, there wa  an extraordinary number of unu ual thing  in thi  room. A large wooden trunk  tood open at the foot of hi  bed, revealing a cauldron, broom tick, black robe , and a orted  pellbook . Roll  of parchment littered that part of hi  de k that wa  not taken up by the large, empty cage in which hi   nowy owl, Hedwig, u ually perched. On the floor be ide hi  bed a book lay open; Harry had been reading it before he fell a leep la t night. The picture  in thi  book were all moving. Men in bright orange robe  were zooming in and out of  ight on broom tick , throwing a red ball to one another. Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and watched one of the wizard   core a  pectacular goal by putting the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop. Then he  napped the book  hut. Even Quidditch - in Harry'  opinion, the be t  port in the world - couldn't di tract him at the moment. He placed Flying with the Cannon  on hi  bed ide table, cro ed to the window, and drew back the curtain  to  urvey the  treet below. Privet Drive looked exactly a  a re pectable  uburban  treet would be expected to look in the early hour  of Saturday morning. All the curtain  were clo ed. A  far a  Harry could  ee through the darkne , there wa n't a living creature in  ight, not even a cat. And yet…and yet…Harry went re tle ly back to the bed and  at down on it, running a finger over hi   car again. It wa n't the pain that bothered him; Harry wa  no  tranger to pain and injury. He had lo t all the bone  from hi  right arm once and had them painfully regrown in a night. The  ame arm had been pierced by a venomou  foot-long fang not long afterward. Only la t year Harry had fallen fifty feet from an airborne broom tick. He wa  u ed to bizarre accident  and injurie ; they were unavoidable if you attended Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble. No, the thing that wa  bothering Harry wa  the la t time hi   car had hurt him, it had been becau e Voldemort had been clo e by…But Voldemort couldn't be here, now…The idea of Voldemort lurking in Privet Drive wa  ab urd, impo ible… Harry li tened clo ely to the  ilence around him. Wa  he half expecting to hear the creak of a  tair or the  wi h of a cloak? And then he jumped  lightly a  he heard hi  cou in Dudley give a tremendou  grunting  nore from the next room. Harry  hook him elf mentally; he wa  being  tupid. There wa  no one in the hou e with him except Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were plainly  till a leep, their dream  untroubled and painle . A leep wa  the way Harry liked the Dur ley  be t; it wa n't a  though they were ever any help to him awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Harry'  only living relative . They were Muggle  who hated and de pi ed magic in any form, which meant that Harry wa  about a  welcome in their hou e a  dry rot. They had explained away Harry'  long ab ence  at Hogwart  over the la t three year  by telling everyone that he went to St. Brutu '  Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boy . They knew perfectly well that, a  an underage wizard, Harry wa n't allowed to u e magic out ide Hogwart , but they were  till apt to blame him for anything that went wrong about the hou e. Harry had never been able to confide in them or tell them anything about hi  life in the wizarding world. The very idea of going to them when they awoke, and telling them about hi   car hurting him, and about hi  worrie  about Voldemort, wa  laughable. And yet it wa  becau e of Voldemort that Harry had come to live with the Dur ley  in the fir t place. If it hadn't been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had the lightning  car on hi  forehead. If it hadn't been for Voldemort, Harry would  till have had parent .… Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort - the mo t powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard who had been gaining power  teadily for eleven year  - arrived at hi  hou e and killed hi  father and mother. Voldemort had then turned hi  wand on Harry; he had performed the cur e that had di po ed of many full-grown witche  and wizard  in hi   teady ri e to power - and, incredibly, it had not worked. In tead of killing the  mall boy, the cur e had rebounded upon Voldemort. Harry had  urvived with nothing but a lightning- haped cut on hi  forehead, and Voldemort had been reduced to  omething barely alive. Hi  power  gone, hi  life almo t extingui hed, Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the  ecret community of witche  and wizard  had lived for  o long had lifted, Voldemort'  follower  had di banded, and Harry Potter had become famou . It had been enough of a  hock for Harry to di cover, on hi  eleventh birthday, that he wa  a wizard; it had been even more di concerting to find out that everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew hi  name. Harry had arrived at Hogwart  to find that head  turned and whi per  followed him wherever he went. But he wa  u ed to it now: At the end of thi   ummer, he would be  tarting hi  fourth year at Hogwart , and Harry wa  already counting the day  until he would be back at the ca tle again. But there wa   till a fortnight to go before he went back to  chool. He looked hopele ly around hi  room again, and hi  eye pau ed on the birthday card  hi  two be t friend  had  ent him at the end of July. What would they  ay if Harry wrote to them and told them about hi   car hurting? At once, Hermione Granger'  voice  eemed to fill hi  head,  hrill and panicky. “Your  car hurt? Harry, that'  really  eriou …Write to Profe or Dumbledore! nd I'll go and check Common Magical Ailment  and Affliction …Maybe there'   omething in there about cur e  car .…” Ye , that would be Hermione'  advice: Go  traight to the headma ter of Hogwart , and in the meantime, con ult a book. Harry  tared out of the window at the inky blue-black  ky. He doubted very much whether a book could help him now. A  far a  he knew, he wa  the only living per on to have  urvived a cur e like Voldemort' ; it wa  highly unlikely, therefore, that he would find hi   ymptom  li ted in Common Magical Ailment  and Affliction . A  for informing the headma ter, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore went during the  ummer holiday . He amu ed him elf for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with hi  long  ilver beard, full length wizard'  robe , and pointed hat,  tretched out on a beach  omewhere, rubbing  untan lotion onto hi  long crooked no e. Wherever Dumbledore wa , though, Harry wa   ure that Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry'  owl had never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even without an addre . But what would he write? Dear Profe or Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but my  car hurt thi  morning. Your   incerely, Harry Potter. Even in ide hi  head the word   ounded  tupid. And  o he tried to imagine hi  other be t friend, Ron Wea ley' , reaction, and in a moment, Ron'  red hair and long-no ed, freckled face  eemed to  wim before Harry, wearing a bemu ed expre ion. “Your  car hurt? But …but You-Know-Who can't be near you now, can he? I mean…you'd know, wouldn't you? He'd be trying to do you in again, wouldn't be? I dunno, Harry, maybe cur e  car  alway  twinge a bit…I'll a k Dad…” Mr. Wea ley wa  a fully qualified wizard who worked in the Mi u e of Muggle Artifact  Office at the Mini try of Magic, but he didn't have any particular experti e in the matter of cur e , a  far a  Harry knew. In any ca e, Harry didn't like the idea of the whole Wea ley family knowing that he, Harry, wa  getting jumpy about a few moment ' pain. Mr . Wea ley would fu  wor e than Hermione, and Fred and George, Ron'   ixteen year old twin brother , might think Harry wa  lo ing hi  nerve. The Wea ley  were Harry'  favorite family in the world; he wa  hoping that they might invite him to  tay any time now (Ron had mentioned  omething about the Quidditch World Cup), and he  omehow didn't want hi  vi it punctuated with anxiou  inquirie  about hi   car. Harry kneaded hi  forehead with hi  knuckle . What he really wanted (and it felt almo t  hameful to admit it to him elf) wa   omeone like -  omeone like a parent: an adult wizard who e advice he could a k without feeling  tupid,  omeone who cared about him, who had had experience with Dark Magic.… And then the  olution came to him. It wa   o  imple, and  o obviou , that he couldn't believe it had taken  o long - Siriu . Harry leapt up from the bed, hurried acro  the room, and  at down at hi  de k; he pulled a piece of parchment toward him, loaded hi  eagle-feather quill with ink, wrote Dear Siriu , then pau ed, wondering how be t to phra e hi  problem,  till marveling at the fact that he hadn't thought of Siriu   traight away. But then, perhap  it wa n't  o  urpri ing - after all, he had only found out that Siriu  wa  hi  godfather two month  ago. There wa  a  imple rea on for Siriu '  complete ab ence from Harry'  life until then - Siriu  had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by creature  called dementor ,  ightle ,  oul- ucking fiend  who had come to  earch for Siriu  at Hogwart  when he had e caped. Yet Siriu  had been innocent - the murder  for which he had been convicted had been committed by Wormtail, Voldemort'   upporter, whom nearly everybody now believed dead. Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew otherwi e, however; they had come face-to-face with Wormtail only the previou  year, though only Profe or Dumbledore had believed their  tory. For one gloriou  hour, Harry had believed that he wa  leaving the Dur ley  at la t, becau e Siriu  had offered him a home once hi  name had been cleared. But the chance had been  natched away from him - Wormtail had e caped before they could take him to the Mini try of Magic, and Siriu  had had to flee for hi  life. Harry had helped him e cape on the back of a hippogriff called Buckbeak, and  ince then, Siriu  had been on the run. The home Harry might have had if Wormtail had not e caped had been haunting him all  ummer. It had been doubly hard to return to the Dur ley  knowing that he had  o nearly e caped them forever. Neverthele , Siriu  had been of  ome help to Harry, even if he couldn't be with him. It wa  due to Siriu  that Harry now had all hi   chool thing  in hi  bedroom with him. The Dur ley  had never allowed thi  before; their general wi h of keeping Harry a  mi erable a  po ible, coupled with their fear of hi  power , had led them to lock hi   chool trunk in the cupboard under the  tair  every  ummer prior to thi . But their attitude had changed  ince they had found out that Harry had a dangerou  murderer for a godfather - for Harry had conveniently forgotten to tell them that Siriu  wa  innocent. Harry had received two letter  from Siriu   ince he had been back at Privet Drive. Both had been delivered, not by owl  (a  wa  u ual with wizard ), but by large, brightly colored tropical bird . Hedwig had not approved of the e fla hy intruder ;  he had been mo t reluctant to allow them to drink from her water tray before flying off again. Harry, on the other hand, had liked them; they put him in mind of palm tree  and white  and, and he hoped that, wherever Siriu  wa  (Siriu  never  aid, in ca e the letter  were intercepted), he wa  enjoying him elf. Somehow, Harry found it hard to imaging dementor   urviving for long in bright  unlight, perhap  that wa  why Siriu  had gone South. Siriu '  letter , which were now hidden beneath the highly u eful loo e floorboard  under Harry'  bed,  ounded cheerful, and in both of them he had reminded Harry to call on him if ever Harry needed to. Well, he needed to right now, all right.… Harry'  lamp  eemed to grow dimmer a  the cold gray light that precede   unri e  lowly crept into the room. Finally, when the  un had ri en, when hi  bedroom wall  had turned gold, and when  ound  of movement could be heard from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia'  room, Harry cleared hi  de k of crumpled piece  of parchment and reread hi  fini hed letter. Dear Siriu , Thank  for your la t letter. That bird wa  enormou ; it could hardly get through my window. Thing  are the  ame a  u ual here. Dudley'  diet i n't going too well. My aunt found him  muggling doughnut  into hi  room ye terday. They told him they'd have to cut hi  pocket money if he keep  doing it,  o he got really angry and chucked hi  PlayStation out of the window. That'  a  ort of computer thing you can play game  on. Bit  tupid really, now he ha n't even got Mega-Mutilation Part Three to take hi  mind off thing . I'm okay, mainly becau e the Dur ley  are terrified you might turn up and turn them all into bat  if I a k you to. A weird thing happened thi  morning, though. My  car hurt again. La t time that happened it wa  becau e Voldemort wa  at Hogwart . But I don't reckon he can be anywhere near me now, can he? Do you know if cur e  car   ometime  hurt year  afterward? I'll  end thi  with Hedwig when  he get  back;  he'  off hunting at the moment. Say hello to Buckbeak for me. Harry Ye , thought Harry, that looked all right. There wa  no point putting in the dream; he didn't want it to look a  though he wa  too worried. He folded up the parchment and laid it a ide on hi  de k, ready for when Hedwig returned. Then he got to hi  feet,  tretched, and opened hi  wardrobe once more. Without glancing at hi  reflection he  tarted to get dre ed before going down to breakfa t. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THREE THE INVITATION B y the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three Dur ley  were already  eated around the table. None of them looked up a  he entered or  at down. Uncle Vernon'  large red face wa  hidden behind the morning'  Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia wa  cutting a grapefruit into quarter , her lip  pur ed over her hor e-like teeth. Dudley looked furiou  and  ulky, and  omehow  eemed to be taking up even more  pace than u ual. Thi  wa   aying  omething, a  he alway  took up an entire  ide of the  quare table by him elf. When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of un weetened grapefruit onto Dudley'  plate with a tremulou  “There you are, Diddy darling,” Dudley glowered at her. Hi  life had taken a mo t unplea ant turn  ince he had come home for the  ummer with hi  end-of-year report. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excu e  for hi  bad mark  a  u ual: Aunt Petunia alway  in i ted that Dudley wa  a very gifted boy who e teacher  didn't under tand him, while Uncle Vernon maintained that “he didn't want  ome  wotty little nancy boy for a  on anyway.” They al o  kated over the accu ation  of bullying in the report - “He'  a boi terou  little boy, but he wouldn't hurt a fly!” Aunt Petunia had  aid tearfully. However, at the bottom of the report there were a few well-cho en comment  from the  chool nur e that not even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain away. No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that Dudley wa  big-boned, and that hi  poundage wa  really puppy fat, and that he wa  a growing boy who needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the  chool outfitter  didn't  tock knickerbocker  big enough for him anymore. The  chool nur e had  een what Aunt Petunia'  eye  -  o  harp when it came to  potting fingerprint  on her gleaming wall , and in ob erving the coming  and going  of the neighbor  -  imply refu ed to  ee: that far from needing extra nouri hment, Dudley had reached roughly the  ize and weight of a young killer whale. So - after many tantrum , after argument  that  hook Harry'  bedroom floor, and many tear  from Aunt Petunia - the new regime had begun. The diet  heet that had been  ent by the Smelting   chool nur e had been taped to the fridge, which had been emptied of all Dudley'  favorite thing  - fizzy drink  and cake , chocolate bar  and burger  and filled in tead with fruit and vegetable  and the  ort  of thing  that Uncle Vernon called “rabbit food.” To make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had in i ted that the whole family follow the diet too. She now pa ed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. He noticed that it wa  a lot  maller than Dudley' . Aunt Petunia  eemed to feet that the be t way to keep up Dudley'  morale wa  to make  ure that he did, at lea t, get more to eat than Harry. But Aunt Petunia didn't know what wa  hidden under the loo e floorboard up tair . She had no idea that Harry wa  not following the diet at all. The moment he had got wind of the fact that he wa  expected to  urvive the  ummer on carrot  tick , Harry had  ent Hedwig to hi  friend  with plea  for help, and they had ri en to the occa ion magnificently. Hedwig had returned from Hermione'  hou e with a large box  tuffed full of  ugar-free  nack . (Hermione'  parent  were denti t .) Hagrid, the Hogwart  gamekeeper, had obliged with a  ack full of hi  own homemade rock cake . (Harry hadn't touched the e; he had had too much experience of Hagrid'  cooking.) Mr . Wea ley, however, had  ent the family owl, Errol, with an enormou  fruitcake and a orted meat pie . Poor Errol, who wa  elderly and feeble, had needed a full five day  to recover from the journey. And then on Harry'  birthday (which the Dur ley  had completely ignored) he had received four  uperb birthday cake , one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Siriu . Harry  till had two of them left, and  o, looking forward to a real breakfa t when he got back up tair , he ate hi  grapefruit without complaint. Uncle Vernon laid a ide hi  paper with a deep  niff of di approval and looked down at hi  own grapefruit quarter. “I  thi  it?” he  aid grumpily to Aunt Petunia. Aunt Petunia gave him a  evere look, and then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already fini hed hi  own grapefruit quarter and wa  eyeing Harry'  with a very  our look in hi  piggy little eye . Uncle Vernon gave a great  igh, which ruffled hi  large, bu hy mu tache, and picked up hi   poon. The doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon heaved him elf out of hi  chair and  et off down the hall. Quick a  a fla h, while hi  mother wa  occupied with the kettle, Dudley  tole the re t of Uncle Vernon'  grapefruit. Harry heard talking at the door, and  omeone laughing, and Uncle Vernon an wering curtly. Then the front door clo ed, and the  ound of ripping paper came from the hall. Aunt Petunia  et the teapot down on the table and looked curiou ly around to  ee where Uncle Vernon had got to. She didn't have to wait long to find out; after about a minute, he wa  back. He looked livid. “You,” he barked at Harry. “In the living room. Now.” Bewildered, wondering what on earth he wa   uppo ed to have done thi  time, Harry got up and followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the next room. Uncle Vernon clo ed the door  harply behind both of them. “So,” he  aid, marching over to the fireplace and turning to face Harry a  though he were about to pronounce him under arre t. “So.” Harry would have dearly loved to have  aid, “So what?” but he didn't feel that Uncle Vernon'  temper  hould be te ted thi  early in the morning, e pecially when it wa  already under  evere  train from lack of food. He therefore  ettled for looking politely puzzled. “Thi  ju t arrived,”  aid Uncle Vernon. He brandi hed a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. “A letter. About you.” Harry'  confu ion increa ed. Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about him? Who did he know who  ent letter  by the po tman? Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud: Dear Mr. and Mr . Dur ley, We have never been introduced, but I am  ure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my  on Ron. A  Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup take  place thi  Monday night, and my hu band, Arthur, ha  ju t managed to get prime ticket  through hi  connection  at the Department of Magical Game  and Sport . I do hope you will allow u  to take Harry to the match, a  thi  really i  a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity; Britain ha n't ho ted the cup for thirty year , and ticket  are extremely hard to come by. We would of cour e be glad to have Harry  tay for the remainder of the  ummer holiday , and to  ee him  afely onto the train back to  chool. It w ould be be t for Harry to  end u  your an wer a  quickly a  po ible in the normal way, becau e the Muggle po tman ha  never delivered to our hou e, and I am not  ure he even know  where it i . Hoping to  ee Harry  oon, Your   incerely, Molly Wea ley P.S. I do hope we've put enough  tamp  on. Uncle Vernon fini hed reading, put hi  hand back into hi  brea t pocket, and drew out  omething el e. “Look at thi ,” he growled. He held up the envelope in which Mr . Wea ley'  letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. Every bit of it wa  covered in  tamp  except for a  quare inch on the front, into which Mr . Wea ley had  queezed the Dur ley ' addre  in minute writing. “She did put enough  tamp  on, then,”  aid Harry, trying to  ound a  though Mr . Wea ley'  wa  a mi take anyone could make. Hi  uncle'  eye  fla hed. “The po tman noticed,” he  aid through gritted teeth. “Very intere ted to know where thi  letter came from, he wa . That'  why he rang the doorbell. Seemed to think it wa  funny.” Harry didn't  ay anything. Other people might not under tand why Uncle Vernon wa  making a fu  about too many  tamp , but Harry had lived with the Dur ley  too long not to know how touchy they were about anything even  lightly out of the ordinary. Their wor t fear wa  that  omeone would find out that they were connected (however di tantly) with people like Mr . Wea ley. Uncle Vernon wa   till glaring at Harry, who tried to keep hi  expre ion neutral. If he didn't do or  ay anything  tupid, he might ju t be in for the treat of a lifetime. He waited for Uncle Vernon to  ay  omething, but he merely continued to glare. Harry decided to break the  ilence. “So - can I go then?” he a ked. A  light  pa m cro ed Uncle Vernon'  large purple face. The mu tache bri tled. Harry thought he knew what wa  going on behind the mu tache: a furiou  battle a  two of Uncle Vernon'  mo t fundamental in tinct  came into conflict. Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy,  omething Uncle Vernon had  truggled again t for thirteen year . On the other hand, allowing Harry to di appear to the Wea ley ' for the re t of the  ummer would get rid of him two week  earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the hou e. To give him elf thinking time, it  eemed, he looked down at Mr . Wea ley'  letter again. “Who i  thi  woman?” he  aid,  taring at the  ignature with di ta te. “You've  een her,”  aid Harry. “She'  my friend Ron'  mother,  he wa  meeting him off the Hog - off the  chool train at the end of la t term.” He had almo t  aid “Hogwart  Expre ,” and that wa  a  ure way to get hi  uncle'  temper up. Nobody ever mentioned the name of Harry'   chool aloud in the Dur ley hou ehold. Uncle Vernon  crewed up hi  enormou  face a  though trying to remember  omething very unplea ant. “Dumpy  ort of woman?” he growled finally. “Load of children with red hair?” Harry frowned. He thought it wa  a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone “dumpy,” when hi  own  on, Dudley, had finally achieved what he'd been threatening to do  ince the age of three, and become wider than he wa  tall. Uncle Vernon wa  peru ing the letter again. “Quidditch,” he muttered under hi  breath. “Quidditch - what i  thi  rubbi h?” Harry felt a  econd  tab of annoyance. “It'  a  port,” he  aid  hortly. “Played on broom-” “All right, all right!”  aid Uncle Vernon loudly. Harry  aw, with  ome  ati faction, that hi  uncle looked vaguely panicky. Apparently hi  nerve  couldn't  tand the  ound of the word “broom tick ” in hi  living room. He took refuge in peru ing the letter again. Harry  aw hi  lip  form the word  “ end u  your an wer…in the normal way.” He  cowled. “What doe   he mean, 'the normal way'?” he  pat. “Normal for u ,”  aid Harry, and before hi  uncle could  top him, he added, “you know, owl po t. That'  what'  normal for wizard .” Uncle Vernon looked a  outraged a  if Harry had ju t uttered a di gu ting  wearword. Shaking with anger, he  hot a nervou  look through the window, a  though expecting to  ee  ome of the neighbor  with their ear  pre ed again t the gla . “How many time  do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalne  under my roof?” he hi ed, hi  face now a rich plum color. “You  tand there, in the clothe  Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back -” “Only after Dudley fini hed with them,”  aid Harry coldly, and indeed, he wa  dre ed in a  weat hirt  o large for him that he had had to roll back the  leeve  five time   o a  to be able to u e hi  hand , and which fell pa t the knee  of hi  extremely baggy jean . “I will not be  poken to like that!”  aid Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage. But Harry wa n't going to  tand for thi . Gone were the day  when he had been forced to take every  ingle one of the Dur ley '  tupid rule . He wa n't following Dudley'  diet, and he wa n't going to let Uncle Vernon  top him from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if he could help it. Harry took a deep,  teadying breath and then  aid, “Okay, I can't  ee the World Cup. Can I go now, then? Only I've got a letter to Siriu  I want to fini h. You know - my godfather.” He had done it, he had  aid the magic word . Now he watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon'  face, making it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream. “You're - you're writing to him, are you?”  aid Uncle Vernon, in a would-be calm voice - but Harry had  een the pupil  of hi  tiny eye  contract with  udden fear. “Well - yeah,”  aid Harry, ca ually. “It'  been a while  ince he heard from me, and, you know, if he doe n't he might  tart thinking  omething'  wrong.” He  topped there to enjoy the effect of the e word . He could almo t  ee the cog  working under Uncle Vernon'  thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If he tried to  top Harry writing to Siriu , Siriu  would think Harry wa  being mi treated. If he told Harry he couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Siriu , who would know Harry wa  being mi treated. There wa  only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. Harry could  ee the conclu ion forming in hi  uncle'  mind a  though the great mu tached face were tran parent. Harry tried not to  mile, to keep hi  own face a  blank a  po ible. And then - “Well, all right then. You can go to thi  ruddy…thi   tupid…thi  World Cup thing. You write and tell the e - the e Wea ley  they're to pick you up, mind. I haven't got time to go dropping you off all over the country. And you can  pend the re t of the  ummer there. And you can tell your - your godfather…tell him…tell him you're going.” “Okay then,”  aid Harry brightly. He turned and walked toward the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. He wa  going…he wa  going to the Wea ley ', he wa  going to watch the Quidditch World Cup! Out ide in the hall he nearly ran into Dudley, who had been lurking behind the door, clearly hoping to overhear Harry being told off. He looked  hocked to  ee the broad grin on Harry'  face. “That wa  an excellent breakfa t, wa n't it?”  aid Harry. “I feel really full, don't you?” Laughing at the a toni hed look on Dudley'  face, Harry took the  tair  three at a time, and hurled him elf back into hi  bedroom. The fir t thing he  aw wa  that Hedwig wa  back. She wa   itting in her cage,  taring at Harry with her enormou  amber eye , and clicking her beak in the way that meant  he wa  annoyed about  omething. Exactly what wa  annoying her became apparent almo t at once. “OUCH!”  aid Harry a  what appeared to be a  mall, gray, feathery tenni  ball collided with the  ide of hi  head. Harry ma aged the  pot furiou ly, looking up to  ee what had hit him, and  aw a minute owl,  mall enough to fit into the palm of hi  hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loo e firework. Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at hi  feet. Harry bent down, recognized Ron'  handwriting, then tore open the envelope. In ide wa  a ha tily  cribbled note. Harry - DAD GOT THE TICKETS - Ireland ver u  Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum'  writing to the Muggle  to a k you to  tay. They might already have the letter, I don't know how fa t Muggle po t i . Thought I'd  end thi  with Pig anyway. Harry  tared at the word “Pig,” then looked up at the tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the ceiling. He had never  een anything that looked le  like a pig. Maybe he couldn't read Ron'  writing. He went back to the letter: We're coming for you whether the Muggle  like it or not, you can't mi  the World Cup, only Mum and Dad reckon it'  better if we pretend to a k their permi ion fir t. If they  ay ye ,  end Pig back with your an wer pronto, and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday. If they  ay no,  end Pig back pronto and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday anyway. Hermione'  arriving thi  afternoon. Percy'   tarted work - the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don't mention anything about Abroad while you're here unle  you want the pant  bored off you. See you  oon - Ron “Calm down!” Harry  aid a  the  mall owl flew low over hi  head, twittering madly with what Harry could only a ume wa  pride at having delivered the letter to the right per on. “Come here, I need you to take my an wer back!” The owl fluttered down on top of Hedwig'  cage. Hedwig looked coldly up at it, a  though daring it to try and come any clo er. Harry  eized hi  eagle-feather quill once more, grabbed a fre h piece of parchment, and wrote: Ron, it'  all okay, the Muggle   ay I can come. See you five o'clock tomorrow. Can't wait. Harry He folded thi  note up very  mall, and with immen e difficulty, tied it to the tiny owl'  leg a  it hopped on the  pot with excitement. The moment the note wa   ecure, the owl wa  off again; it zoomed out of the window and out of  ight. Harry turned to Hedwig. “Feeling up to a long journey?” he a ked her. Hedwig hooted in a dignified  ort of a way. “Can you take thi  to Siriu  for me?” he  aid, picking up hi  letter. “Hang on…I ju t want to fini h it.” He unfolded the parchment and ha tily added a po t cript. If you want to contact me, I'll be at my friend Ron Wea ley'  for the re t of the  ummer. Hi  dad'  got u  ticket  for the Quidditch World Cup! The letter fini hed, he tied it to Hedwig'  leg;  he kept unu ually  till, a  though determined to  how him how a real po t owl  hould behave. “I'll be at Ron'  when you get back, all right?” Harry told her. She nipped hi  finger affectionately, then, with a  oft  woo hing noi e,  pread her enormou  wing  and  oared out of the open window. Harry watched her out of  ight, then crawled under hi  bed, wrenched up the loo e floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. He  at there on the floor eating it,  avoring the happine  that wa  flooding through him. He had cake, and Dudley had nothing but grapefruit; it wa  a bright  ummer'  day, he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, hi   car felt perfectly normal again, and he wa  going to watch the Quidditch World Cup. It wa  hard, ju t now, to feel worried about anything - even Lord Voldemort. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER FOUR BACK TO THE BURROW B y twelve o'clock the next day, Harry'   chool trunk wa  packed with hi   chool thing  and all hi  mo t prized po e ion  - the Invi ibility Cloak he had inherited from hi  father, the broom tick he had gotten from Siriu , the enchanted map of Hogwart  he had been given by Fred and George Wea ley la t year. He had emptied hi  hiding place under the loo e floorboard of all food, double-checked every nook and cranny of hi  bedroom for forgotten  pellbook  or quill , and taken down the chart on the wall counting down the day  to September the fir t, on which he liked to cro  off the day  remaining until hi  return to Hogwart . The atmo phere in ide number four, Privet Drive wa  extremely ten e. The imminent arrival at their hou e of an a ortment of wizard  wa  making the Dur ley  uptight and irritable. Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry informed him that the Wea ley  would be arriving at five o'clock the very next day. “I hope you told them to dre  properly, the e people,” he  narled at once. “I've  een the  ort of  tuff your lot wear. They'd better have the decency to put on normal clothe , that'  all.” Harry felt a  light  en e of foreboding. He had rarely  een Mr. or Mr . Wea ley wearing anything that the Dur ley  would call “normal.” Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holiday , but Mr. and Mr . Wea ley u ually wore long robe  in varying  tate  of  habbine . Harry wa n't bothered about what the neighbor  would think, but he wa  anxiou  about how rude the Dur ley  might be to the Wea ley  if they turned up looking like their wor t idea of wizard . Uncle Vernon had put on hi  be t  uit. To  ome people, thi  might have looked like a ge ture of welcome, but Harry knew it wa  becau e Uncle Vernon wanted to look impre ive and intimidating. Dudley, on the other hand, looked  omehow dimini hed. Thi  wa  not becau e the diet wa  at la t taking effect, but due to fright. Dudley had emerged from hi  la t encounter with a fully grown wizard with a curly pig'  tail poking out of the  eat of hi  trou er , and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for it  removal at a private ho pital in London. It wa n't altogether  urpri ing, therefore, that Dudley kept running hi  hand nervou ly over hi  back ide, and walking  ideway  from room to room,  o a  not to pre ent the  ame target to the enemy. Lunch wa  an almo t  ilent meal. Dudley didn't even prote t at the food (cottage chee e and grated celery). Aunt Petunia wa n't, eating anything at all. Her arm  were folded, her lip  were pur ed, and  he  eemed to be chewing her tongue, a  though biting back the furiou  diatribe  he longed to throw at Harry. “They'll be driving, of cour e?” Uncle Vernon barked acro  the table. “Er,”  aid Harry. He hadn't thought of that. How were the Wea ley  going to pick him up? They didn't have a car anymore; the old Ford Anglia they had once owned wa  currently running wild in the Forbidden Fore t at Hogwart . But Mr. Wea ley had borrowed a Mini try of Magic car la t year; po ibly he would do the  ame today? “I think  o,”  aid Harry. Uncle Vernon  norted into hi  mu tache. Normally, Uncle Vernon would have a ked what car Mr. Wea ley drove; he tended to judge other men by how big and expen ive their car  were. But Harry doubted whether Uncle Vernon would have taken to Mr. Wea ley even if he drove a Ferrari. Harry  pent mo t of the afternoon in hi  bedroom; he couldn't  tand watching Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtain  every few  econd , a  though there had been a warning about an e caped rhinocero . Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went back down tair  and into the living room. Aunt Petunia wa  compul ively  traightening cu hion . Uncle Vernon wa  pretending to read the paper, but hi  tiny eye  were not moving, and Harry wa   ure he wa  really li tening with all hi  might for the  ound of an approaching car. Dudley wa  crammed into an armchair, hi  porky hand  beneath him, clamped firmly around hi  bottom. Harry couldn't take the ten ion; he left the room and went and  at on the  tair  in the hall, hi  eye  on hi  watch and hi  heart pumping fa t from excitement and nerve . But five o'clock came and then went. Uncle Vernon, per piring  lightly in hi   uit, opened the front door, peered up and down the  treet, then withdrew hi  head quickly. “They're late!” he  narled at Harry. “I know,”  aid Harry. “Maybe - er - the traffic'  bad, or  omething.” Ten pa t five…then a quarter pa t five…Harry wa   tarting to feel anxiou  him elf now. At half pa t, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conver ing in ter e mutter  in the living room. “No con ideration at all.” “We might've had an engagement.” “Maybe they think they'll get invited to dinner if they're late.” “Well, they mo t certainly won't be,”  aid Uncle Vernon, and Harry heard him  tand up and  tart pacing the living room. “They'll take the boy and go, there'll be no hanging around. That'  if they're coming at all. Probably mi taken the day. I dare ay their kind don't  et much  tore by punctuality. Either that or they drive  ome tin-pot car that'  broken d -AAAAAAAARRRRRGH!” Harry jumped up. From the other  ide of the living room door came the  ound  of the three Dur ley   crambling, panic- tricken, acro  the room. Next moment Dudley came flying into the hall, looking terrified. “What happened?”  aid Harry. “What'  the matter?” But Dudley didn't  eem able to  peak. Hand   till clamped over hi  buttock , he waddled a  fa t a  he could into the kitchen. Harry hurried into the living room. Loud banging  and  craping  were coming from behind the Dur ley ' boarded-up fireplace, which had a fake coal fire plugged in front of it. “What i  it?” ga ped Aunt Petunia, who had backed into the wall and wa   taring, terrified, toward the fire. “What i  it, Vernon?” But they were left in doubt barely a  econd longer. Voice  could be heard from in ide the blocked fireplace. “Ouch! Fred, no - go back, go back, there'  been  ome kind of mi take - tell George not to - OUCH! George, no, there'  no room, go back quickly and tell Ron -” “Maybe Harry can hear u , Dad - maybe he'll be able to let u  out -” There wa  a loud hammering of fi t  on the board  behind the electric fire. “Harry? Harry, can you hear u ?” The Dur ley  rounded on Harry like a pair of angry wolverine . “What i  thi ?” growled Uncle Vernon. “What'  going on?” “They - they've tried to get here by Floo powder,”  aid Harry, fighting a mad de ire to laugh. “They can travel by fire - only you've blocked the fireplace - hang on -” He approached the fireplace and called through the board . “Mr. Wea ley? Can you hear me?” The hammering  topped. Somebody in ide the chimney piece  aid, “Shh!” “Mr. Wea ley, it'  Harry…the fireplace ha  been blocked up. You won't be able to get through there.” “Damn!”  aid Mr. Wea ley'  voice. “What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?” “They've got an electric fire,” Harry explained. “Really?”  aid Mr. Wea ley'  voice excitedly. “Eclectic, you  ay? With a plug? Graciou , I mu t  ee that….Let'  think…Ouch, Ron!” Ron'  voice now joined the other '. “What are we doing here? Ha   omething gone wrong?” “Oh no, Ron,” came Fred'  voice, very  arca tically. “No, thi  i  exactly where we wanted to end up.” “Yeah, we're having the time of our live  here,”  aid George, who e voice  ounded muffled, a  though he wa   qua hed again t the wall. “Boy , boy …”  aid Mr. Wea ley vaguely. “I'm trying to think what to do….Ye …only way…Stand back, Harry.” Harry retreated to the  ofa. Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward. “Wait a moment!” he bellowed at the fire. “What exactly are you going to -” BANG. The electric fire  hot acro  the room a  the boarded-up fireplace bur t outward, expelling Mr. Wea ley, Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loo e chipping . Aunt Petunia  hrieked and fell backward over the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught her before  he hit the floor, and gaped,  peechle , at the Wea ley , all of whom had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical to the la t freckle. “That'  better,” panted Mr. Wea ley, bru hing du t from hi  long green robe  and  traightening hi  gla e . “Ah - you mu t be Harry'  aunt and uncle!” Tall, thin, and balding, he moved toward Uncle Vernon, hi  hand out tretched, but Uncle Vernon backed away  everal pace , dragging Aunt Petunia. Word  utterly failed Uncle Vernon. Hi  be t  uit wa  covered in white du t, which had  ettled in hi  hair and mu tache and made him look a  though he had ju t aged thirty year . “Er - ye  -  orry about that,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, lowering hi  hand and looking over hi   houlder at the bla ted fireplace. “It'  all my fault. It ju t didn't occur to me that we wouldn't be able to get out at the other end. I had your fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you  ee - ju t for an afternoon, you know,  o we could get Harry. Muggle fireplace  aren't  uppo ed to be connected,  trictly  peaking - but I've got a u eful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and he fixed it for me. I can put it right in a jiffy, though, don't worry. I'll light a fire to  end the boy  back, and then I can repair your fireplace before I Di apparate.” Harry wa  ready to bet that the Dur ley  hadn't under tood a  ingle word of thi . They were  till gaping at Mr. Wea ley, thunder truck. Aunt Petunia  taggered upright again and hid behind Uncle Vernon. “Hello, Harry!”  aid Mr. Wea ley brightly. “Got your trunk ready?” “It'  up tair ,”  aid Harry, grinning back. “We'll get it,”  aid Fred at once. Winking at Harry, he and George left the room. They knew where Harry'  bedroom wa , having once re cued him from it in the dead of night. Harry  u pected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimp e of Dudley; they had heard a lot about him from Harry. “Well,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  winging hi  arm   lightly, while he tried to find word  to break the very na ty  ilence. “Very - erm - very nice place you've got here.” A  the u ually  potle  living room wa  now covered in du t and bit  of brick, thi  remark didn't go down too well with the Dur ley . Uncle Vernon'  face purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia  tarted chewing her tongue again. However, they  eemed too  cared to actually  ay anything. Mr. Wea ley wa  looking around. He loved everything to do with Muggle . Harry could  ee him itching to go and examine the televi ion and the video recorder. “They run off eckeltricity, do they?” he  aid knowledgeably. “Ah ye , I can  ee the plug . I collect plug ,” he added to Uncle Vernon. “And batterie . Got a very large collection of batterie . My wife think  I'm mad, but there you are.” Uncle Vernon clearly thought Mr. Wea ley wa  mad too. He moved ever  o  lightly to the right,  creening Aunt Petunia from view, a  though he thought Mr. Wea ley might  uddenly run at them and attack. Dudley  uddenly reappeared in the room. Harry could hear the clunk of hi  trunk on the  tair , and knew that the  ound  had  cared Dudley out of the kitchen. Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at Mr. Wea ley with terrified eye , and attempted to conceal him elf behind hi  mother and father. Unfortunately, Uncle Vernon'  bulk, while  ufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia, wa  nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley. “Ah, thi  i  your cou in, i  it, Harry?”  aid Mr. Wea ley, taking another brave  tab at making conver ation. “Yep,”  aid Harry, “that'  Dudley.” He and Ron exchanged glance  and then quickly looked away from each other; the temptation to bur t out laughing wa  almo t overwhelming. Dudley wa   till clutching hi  bottom a  though afraid it might fall off. Mr. Wea ley, however,  eemed genuinely concerned at Dudley'  peculiar behavior. Indeed, from the tone of hi  voice when he next  poke, Harry wa  quite  ure that Mr. Wea ley thought Dudley wa  quite a  mad a  the Dur ley  thought he wa , except that Mr. Wea ley felt  ympathy rather than fear. “Having a good holiday, Dudley?” he  aid kindly. Dudley whimpered. Harry  aw hi  hand  tighten  till harder over hi  ma ive back ide. Fred and George came back into the room carrying Harry'   chool trunk. They glanced around a  they entered and  potted Dudley. Their face  cracked into identical evil grin . “Ah, right,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Better get cracking then.” He pu hed up the  leeve  of hi  robe  and took out hi  wand. Harry  aw the Dur ley  draw back again t the wall a  one. “Incendio!”  aid Mr. Wea ley, pointing hi  wand at the hole in the wall behind him. Flame  ro e at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily a  though they had been burning for hour . Mr. Wea ley took a  mall draw tring bag from hi  pocket, untied it, took a pinch of the powder in ide, and threw it onto the flame , which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever. “Off you go then, Fred,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Coming,”  aid Fred. “Oh no - hang on -” A bag of  weet  had  pilled out of Fred'  pocket and the content  were now rolling in every direction - big, fat toffee  in brightly colored wrapper . Fred  crambled around, cramming them back into hi  pocket, then gave the Dur ley  a cheery wave,  tepped forward, and walked right into the fire,  aying “the Burrow!” Aunt Petunia gave a little  huddering ga p. There wa  a whoo hing  ound, and Fred vani hed. “Right then, George,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, “you and the trunk.” Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into the flame  and turn it onto it  end  o that he could hold it better. Then, with a  econd whoo h, George had cried “the Burrow!” and vani hed too. “Ron, you next,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “See you,”  aid Ron brightly to the Dur ley . He grinned broadly at Harry, then  tepped into the fire,  houted “the Burrow!” and di appeared. Now Harry and Mr. Wea ley alone remained. “Well…'bye then,” Harry  aid to the Dur ley . They didn't  ay anything at all. Harry moved toward the fire, but ju t a  he reached the edge of the hearth, Mr. Wea ley put out a hand and held him back. He wa  looking at the Dur ley  in amazement. “Harry  aid good-bye to you,” he  aid. “Didn't you hear him?” “It doe n't matter,” Harry muttered to Mr. Wea ley. “Hone tly, I don't care.” Mr. Wea ley did not remove hi  hand from Harry'   houlder. “You aren't going to  ee your nephew till next  ummer,” he  aid to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. “Surely you're going to  ay good-bye?” Uncle Vernon'  face worked furiou ly. The idea of being taught con ideration by a man who had ju t bla ted away half hi  living room wall  eemed to be cau ing him inten e  uffering. But Mr. Wea ley'  wand wa   till in hi  hand, and Uncle Vernon'  tiny eye  darted to it once, before he  aid, very re entfully, “Good-bye, then.” “See you,”  aid Harry, putting one foot forward into the green flame , which felt plea antly like warm breath. At that moment, however, a horrible gagging  ound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia  tarted to  cream. Harry wheeled around. Dudley wa  no longer  tanding behind hi  parent . He wa  kneeling be ide the coffee table, and he wa  gagging and  puttering on a foot-long, purple,  limy thing that wa  protruding from hi  mouth. One bewildered  econd later, Harry realized that the foot-long thing wa  Dudley'  tongue - and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper lay on the floor before him. Aunt Petunia hurled her elf onto the ground be ide Dudley,  eized the end of hi   wollen tongue, and attempted to wrench it out of hi  mouth; un urpri ingly, Dudley yelled and  puttered wor e than ever, trying to fight her off. Uncle Vernon wa  bellowing and waving hi  arm  around, and Mr. Wea ley had to  hout to make him elf heard. “Not to worry, I can  ort him out!” he yelled, advancing on Dudley with hi  wand out tretched, but Aunt Petunia  creamed wor e than ever and threw her elf on top of Dudley,  hielding him from Mr. Wea ley. “No, really!”  aid Mr. Wea ley de perately. “It'  a  imple proce  it wa  the toffee - my  on Fred - real practical joker - but it'  only an Engorgement Charm - at lea t, I think it i  - plea e, I can correct it -” But far from being rea ured, the Dur ley  became more panic-  tricken; Aunt Petunia wa   obbing hy terically, tugging Dudley'  tongue a  though determined to rip it out; Dudley appeared to be  uffocating under the combined pre ure of hi  mother and hi  tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had lo t control completely,  eized a china figure from on top of the  ideboard and threw it very hard at Mr. Wea ley, who ducked, cau ing the ornament to  hatter in the bla ted fireplace. “Now really!”  aid Mr. Wea ley angrily, brandi hing hi  wand. “I'm trying to help!” Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon  natched up another ornament. “Harry, go! Ju t go!” Mr. Wea ley  houted, hi  wand on Uncle Vernon. “I'll  ort thi  out!” Harry didn't want to mi  the fun, but Uncle Vernon'   econd ornament narrowly mi ed hi  left ear, and on balance he thought it be t to leave the  ituation to Mr. Wea ley. He  tepped into the fire, looking over hi   houlder a  he  aid “the Burrow!” Hi  la t fleeting glimp e of the living room wa  of Mr. Wea ley bla ting a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon'  hand with hi  wand, Aunt Petunia  creaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley'  tongue lolling around like a great  limy python. But next moment Harry had begun to  pin very fa t, and the Dur ley ' living room wa  whipped out of  ight in a ru h of emerald-green flame . HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER FIVE WEASLEYS' WIZARD WHEEZES H arry  pun fa ter and fa ter, elbow  tucked tightly to hi   ide , blurred fireplace  fla hing pa t him, until he  tarted to feel  ick and clo ed hi  eye . Then, when at la t he felt him elf  lowing down, he threw out hi  hand  and came to a halt in time to prevent him elf from falling face forward out of the Wea ley ' kitchen fire. “Did he eat it?”  aid Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to hi  feet. “Yeah,”  aid Harry,  traightening up. “What wa  it?” “Ton-Tongue Toffee,”  aid Fred brightly. “George and I invented them, and we've been looking for  omeone to te t them on all  ummer.…” The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked around and  aw that Ron and George were  itting at the  crubbed wooden table with two red-haired people Harry had never  een before, though he knew immediately who they mu t be: Bill and Charlie, the two elde t Wea ley brother . “How're you doing, Harry?”  aid the nearer of the two, grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which Harry  hook, feeling callu e  and bli ter  under hi  finger . Thi  had to be Charlie, who worked with dragon  in Romania. Charlie wa  built like the twin ,  horter and  tockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. He had a broad, good-natured face, which wa  weather-beaten and  o freckly that he looked almo t tanned; hi  arm  were mu cular, and one of them had a large,  hiny burn on it. Bill got to hi  feet,  miling, and al o  hook Harry'  hand. Bill came a   omething of a  urpri e. Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringott , and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwart ; Harry had alway  imagined Bill to be an older ver ion of Percy: fu y about rule-breaking and fond of bo ing everyone around. However, Bill wa  - there wa  no other word for it - cool. He wa  tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He wa  wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill'  clothe  would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized hi  boot  to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide. Before any of them could  ay anything el e, there wa  a faint popping noi e, and Mr. Wea ley appeared out of thin air at George'   houlder. He wa  looking angrier than Harry had ever  een him. “That wa n't funny Fred!” he  houted. “What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?” “I didn't give him anything,”  aid Fred, with another evil grin. I ju t dropped it….It wa  hi  fault he went and ate it, I never told him to." “You dropped it on purpo e!” roared Mr. Wea ley. “You knew he'd eat it, you knew he wa  on a diet -” “How big did hi  tongue get?” George a ked eagerly. “It wa  four feet long before hi  parent  would let me  hrink it!” Harry and the Wea ley  roared with laughter again. “It i n't funny!” Mr. Wea ley  houted. "That  ort of behavior  eriou ly undermine  wizard-Muggle relation ! I  pend half my life campaigning again t the mi treatment of Muggle , and my own  on  “We didn't give it to him becau e he'  a Muggle!”  aid Fred indignantly. “No, we gave it to him becau e he'  a great bullying git,”  aid George. “I n't he, Harry?” “Yeah, he i , Mr. Wea ley,”  aid Harry earne tly. “That'  not the point!” raged Mr. Wea ley. “You wait until I tell your mother -” “Tell me what?”  aid a voice behind them. Mr . Wea ley had ju t entered the kitchen. She wa  a  hort, plump woman with a very kind face, though her eye  were pre ently narrowed with  u picion. “Oh hello, Harry, dear,”  he  aid,  potting him and  miling. Then her eye   napped back to her hu band. “Tell me what, Arthur?” Mr. Wea ley he itated. Harry could tell that, however angry he wa  with Fred and George, he hadn't really intended to tell Mr . Wea ley what had happened. There wa  a  ilence, while Mr. Wea ley eyed hi  wife nervou ly. Then two girl  appeared in the kitchen doorway behind Mr . Wea ley. One, with very bu hy brown hair and rather large front teeth, wa  Harry'  and Ron'  friend, Hermione Granger. The other, who wa   mall and red-haired, wa  Ron'  younger  i ter, Ginny. Both of them  miled at Harry, who grinned back, which made Ginny go  carlet -  he had been very taken with Harry ever  ince hi  fir t vi it to the Burrow. “Tell me what, Arthur?” Mr . Wea ley repeated, in a dangerou   ort of voice. “It'  nothing, Molly,” mumbled Mr. Wea ley, “Fred and George ju t - but I've had word  with them -” “What have they done thi  time?”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “If it'  got anything to do with Wea ley ' Wizard Wheeze  -” “Why don't you  how Harry where he'   leeping, Ron?”  aid Hermione from the doorway. “He know  where he'   leeping,”  aid Ron, “in my room, he  lept there la t -” “We can all go,”  aid Hermione pointedly. “Oh,”  aid Ron, cottoning on. “Right.” “Yeah, we'll come too,”  aid George. “You  tay where you are!”  narled Mr . Wea ley. Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they, Hermione, and Ginny  et off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety  tairca e that zigzagged through the hou e to the upper  torie . “What are Wea ley ' Wizard Wheeze ?” Harry a ked a  they climbed. Ron and Ginny both laughed, although Hermione didn't. “Mum found thi   tack of order form  when  he wa  cleaning Fred and George'  room,”  aid Ron quietly. “Great long price li t  for  tuff they've invented. Joke  tuff, you know. Fake wand  and trick  weet , load  of  tuff. It wa  brilliant, I never knew they'd been inventing all that…” “We've been hearing explo ion  out of their room for age , but we never thought they were actually making thing ,”  aid Ginny. “We thought they ju t liked the noi e.” “Only, mo t of the  tuff - well, all of it, really - wa  a bit dangerou ,”  aid Ron, “and, you know, they were planning to  ell it at Hogwart  to make  ome money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren't allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the order form ….She'  furiou  at them anyway. They didn't get a  many O.W.L.  a   he expected.” O.W.L.  were Ordinary Wizarding Level , the examination  Hogwart   tudent  took at the age of fifteen. “And then there wa  thi  big row,” Ginny  aid, “becau e Mum want  them to go into the Mini try of Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do i  open a joke  hop.” Ju t then a door on the  econd landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn-rimmed gla e  and a very annoyed expre ion. “Hi, Percy,”  aid Harry. “Oh hello, Harry,”  aid Percy. “I wa  wondering who wa  making all the noi e. I'm trying to work in here, you know I've got a report to fini h for the office - and it'  rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the  tair .” “We're not thundering, ” aid Ron irritably. “We're walking. Sorry if we've di turbed the top- ecret working  of the Mini try of Magic.” “What are you working on?”  aid Harry. “A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation,”  aid Percy  mugly. “We're trying to  tandardize cauldron thickne . Some of the e foreign import  are ju t a  hade too thin - leakage  have been increa ing at a rate of almo t three percent a year -” “That'll change the world, that report will,”  aid Ron. “Front page of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron leak .” Percy went  lightly pink. “You might  neer, Ron,” he  aid heatedly, “but unle   ome  ort of international law i  impo ed we might well find the market flooded with flim y,  hallow-bottomed product  that  eriou ly endanger -” “Yeah, yeah, all right,”  aid Ron, and he  tarted off up tair  again. Percy  lammed hi  bedroom door  hut. A  Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron up three more flight  of  tair ,  hout  from the kitchen below echoed up to them. It  ounded a  though Mr. Wea ley had told Mr . Wea ley about the toffee . The room at the top of the hou e where Ron  lept looked much a  it had the la t time that Harry had come to  tay: the  ame po ter  of Ron'  favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannon , were whirling and waving on the wall  and  loping ceiling, and the fi h tank on the window ill, which had previou ly held frog  pawn, now contained one extremely large frog. Ron'  old rat, Scabber , wa  here no more, but in tead there wa  the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron'  letter to Harry in Privet Drive. It wa  hopping up and down in a  mall cage and twittering madly. “Shut up, Pig,”  aid Ron, edging hi  way between two of the four bed  that had been  queezed into the room. “Fred and George are in here with u , becau e Bill and Charlie are in their room,” he told Harry. “Percy get  to keep hi  room all to him elf becau e he'  got to work.” “Er - why are you calling that owl Pig?” Harry a ked Ron. “Becau e he'  being  tupid,”  aid Ginny, “It  proper name i  Pigwidgeon.” “Yeah, and that'  not a  tupid name at all,”  aid Ron  arca tically. “Ginny named him,” he explained to Harry. "She reckon  it'   weet. And I tried to change it, but it wa  too late, he won't an wer to anything el e. So now he'  Pig. I've got to keep him up here becau e he annoy  Errol and Herme . He annoy  me too, come to that. Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around hi  cage, hooting  hrilly. Harry knew Ron too well to take him  eriou ly. He had moaned continually about hi  old rat, Scabber , but had been mo t up et when Hermione'  cat, Crook hank , appeared to have eaten him. “Where'  Crook hank ?” Harry a ked Hermione now. “Out in the garden, I expect,”  he  aid. “He like  cha ing gnome . He'  never  een any before.” “Percy'  enjoying work, then?”  aid Harry,  itting down on one of the bed  and watching the Chudley Cannon  zooming in and out of the po ter  on the ceiling. “Enjoying it?”  aid Ron darkly. “I don't reckon he'd come home if Dad didn't make him. He'  ob e ed. Ju t don't get him onto the  ubject of hi  bo . According to Mr. Crouch…a  I wa   aying to Mr. Crouch… Mr. Crouch i  of the opinion…Mr. Crouch wa  telling me…They'll be announcing their engagement any day now.” “Have you had a good  ummer, Harry?”  aid Hermione. “Did you get our food parcel  and everything?” “Yeah, thank  a lot,”  aid Harry. “They  aved my life, tho e cake .” “And have you heard from -?” Ron began, but at a look from Hermione he fell  ilent. Harry knew Ron had been about to a k about Siriu . Ron and Hermione had been  o deeply involved in helping Siriu  e cape from the Mini try of Magic that they were almo t a  concerned about Harry'  godfather a  he wa . However, di cu ing him in front of Ginny wa  a bad idea. Nobody but them elve  and Profe or Dumbledore knew about how Siriu  had e caped, or believed in hi  innocence. “I think they've  topped arguing,”  aid Hermione, to cover the awkward moment, becau e Ginny wa  looking curiou ly from Ron to Harry. “Shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?” “Yeah, all right,”  aid Ron. The four of them left Ron'  room and went back down tair  to find Mr . Wea ley alone in the kitchen, looking extremely bad-tempered. “We're eating out in the garden,”  he  aid when they came in. “There'  ju t not room for eleven people in here. Could you take the plate  out ide, girl ? Bill and Charlie are  etting up the table . Knive  and fork , plea e, you two,”  he  aid to Ron and Harry, pointing her wand a little more vigorou ly than  he had intended at a pile of potatoe  in the  ink, which  hot out of their  kin   o fa t that they ricocheted off the wall  and ceiling. “Oh for heaven'   ake,”  he  napped, now directing her wand at a du tpan, which hopped off the  ideboard and  tarted  kating acro  the floor,  cooping up the potatoe . “Tho e two!”  he bur t out  avagely, now pulling pot  and pan  out of a cupboard, and Harry knew  he meant Fred and George. I don't know what'  going to happen to them, I really don't. No ambition, unle  you count making a  much trouble a  they po ibly can…." Mr . Wea ley  lammed a large copper  aucepan down on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand around in ide it. A creamy  auce poured from the wand tip a   he  tirred. “It'  not a  though they haven't got brain ,  he continued irritably, taking the  aucepan over to the  tove and lighting it with a further poke of her wand, ”but they're wa ting them, and unle  they pull them elve  together  oon, they'll be in real trouble. I've had more owl  from Hogwart  about them than the re t put together. If they carry on the way they're going, they'll end up in front of the Improper U e of Magic Office." Mr . Wea ley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer, which  hot open. Harry and Ron both jumped out of the way a   everal knive   oared out of it, flew acro  the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoe , which had ju t been tipped back into the  ink by the du tpan. “I don't know where we went wrong with them,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, putting down her wand and  tarting to pull out  till more  aucepan . “It'  been the  ame for year , one thing after another, and they won't li ten to - OH NOT AGAIN!” She had picked up her wand from the table, and it had emitted a loud  queak and turned into a giant rubber mou e. “One of their fake wand  again!”  he  houted. “How many time  have I told them not to leave them lying around?” She grabbed her real wand and turned around to find that the  auce on the  tove wa   moking. “C'mon,” Ron  aid hurriedly to Harry,  eizing a handful of cutlery from the open drawer, “let'  go and help Bill and Charlie.” They left Mr . Wea ley and headed out the back door into the yard. They had only gone a few pace  when Hermione'  bandy-legged ginger cat, Crook hank , came pelting out of the garden, bottle-bru h tail held high in the air, cha ing what looked like a muddy potato on leg . Harry recognized it in tantly a  a gnome. Barely ten inche  high, it  horny little feet pattered very fa t a  it  printed acro  the yard and dived headlong into one of the Wellington boot  that lay  cattered around the door. Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly a  Crook hank  in erted a paw into the boot, trying to reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud cra hing noi e wa  coming from the other  ide of the hou e. The  ource of the commotion wa  revealed a  they entered the garden, and  aw that Bill and Charlie both had their wand  out, and were making two battered old table  fly high above the lawn,  ma hing into each other, each attempting to knock the other'  out of the air. Fred and George were cheering, Ginny wa  laughing, and Hermione wa  hovering near the hedge, apparently torn between amu ement and anxiety. Bill'  table caught Charlie'  with a huge bang and knocked one of it  leg  off. There wa  a clatter from overhead, and they all looked up to  ee Percy'  head poking out of a window on the  econd floor. “Will you keep it down?!” he bellowed. “Sorry, Perce,”  aid Bill, grinning. “How're the cauldron bottom  coming on?” “Very badly,”  aid Percy peevi hly, and he  lammed the window  hut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed the table   afely onto the gra , end to end, and then, with a flick of hi  wand, Bill reattached the table leg and conjured tablecloth  from nowhere. By  even o'clock, the two table  were groaning under di he  and di he  of Mr . Wea ley'  excellent cooking, and the nine Wea ley , Harry, and Hermione were  ettling them elve  down to eat beneath a clear, deep-blue  ky. To  omebody who had been living on meal  of increa ingly  tale cake all  ummer, thi  wa  paradi e, and at fir t, Harry li tened rather than talked a  he helped him elf to chicken and ham pie, boiled potatoe , and  alad. At the far end of the table, Percy wa  telling hi  father all about hi  report on cauldron bottom . “I've told Mr. Crouch that I'll have it ready by Tue day,” Percy wa   aying pompou ly. “That'  a bit  ooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of thing . I think he'll be grateful I've done it in good time, I mean, it  extremely bu y in our department ju t now, what with all the arrangement  for the World Cup. We're ju t not getting the  upport we need from the Department of Magical Game  and Sport . Ludo Bagman -” “I like Ludo,”  aid Mr. Wea ley mildly. “He wa  the one who got u   uch good ticket  for the Cup. I did him a bit of a favor: Hi  brother, Otto, got into a  pot of trouble - a lawnmower with unnatural power  - I  moothed the whole thing over.” “Oh Bagman'  likable enough, of cour e,”  aid Percy di mi ively, “but how he ever got to be Head of Department…when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I can't  ee Mr. Crouch lo ing a member of our department and not trying to find out what'  happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkin  ha  been mi ing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?” “Ye , I wa  a king Ludo about that,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, frowning. “He  ay  Bertha'  gotten lo t plenty of time  before now - though mu t  ay, if it wa   omeone in my department, I'd be worried.…” “Oh Bertha'  hopele , all right,”  aid Percy. “I hear  he'  been  hunted from department to department for year , much more trouble than  he'  worth…but all the  ame, Bagman ought to be trying to find her. Mr. Crouch ha  been taking a per onal intere t,  he worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch wa  quite fond of her - but Bagman ju t keep  laughing and  aying  he probably mi read the map and ended up in Au tralia in tead of Albania. However” - Percy heaved an impre ive  igh and took a deep  wig of elderflower wine - “we've got quite enough on our plate  at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find member  of other department  too. A  you know, we've got another big event to organize right after the World Cup.” Percy cleared hi  throat  ignificantly and looked down toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione were  itting. “You know the one I'm talking about, Father.” He rai ed hi  voice  lightly. “The top- ecret one.” Ron rolled hi  eye  and muttered to Harry and Hermione, “He'  been trying to get u  to a k what that event i  ever  ince he  tarted work. Probably an exhibition of thick-bottomed cauldron .” In the middle of the table, Mr . Wea ley wa  arguing with Bill about hi  earring, which  eemed to be a recent acqui ition. “…with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what do they  ay at the bank?” “Mum, no one at the bank give  a damn how I dre  a  long a  I bring home plenty of trea ure,”  aid Bill patiently. “And your hair'  getting  illy, dear,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, fingering her wand lovingly.“ I wi h you'd let me give it a trim.…” “I like it,”  aid Ginny, who wa   itting be ide Bill. “You're  o old-fa hioned, Mum. Anyway, it'  nowhere near a  long a  Profe or Dumbledore' ….” Next to Mr . Wea ley, Fred, George, and Charlie were all talking  piritedly about the World Cup. “It'  got to be Ireland,”  aid Charlie thickly, through a mouthful of potato. “They flattened Peru in the  emifinal .” “Bulgaria ha  got Viktor Krum, though,”  aid Fred. “Krum'  one decent player, Ireland ha  got  even,”  aid Charlie  hortly. “I wi h England had got through. That wa  embarra ing, that wa .” “What happened?”  aid Harry eagerly, regretting more than ever hi  i olation from the wizarding world when he wa   tuck on Privet Drive. “Went down to Tran ylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten,”  aid Charlie gloomily. “Shocking performance. And Wale  lo t to Uganda, and Scotland wa   laughtered by Luxembourg.” Harry had been on the Gryffindor Hou e Quidditch team ever  ince hi  fir t year at Hogwart  and owned one of the be t racing broom  in the world, a Firebolt. Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything el e in the magical world, and he played in the po ition of Seeker on the Gryffindor Hou e team. Mr. Wea ley conjured up candle  to light the darkening garden before they had their homemade  trawberry ice cream, and by the time they had fini hed, moth  were fluttering low over the table, and the warm air wa  perfumed with the  mell  of gra  and honey uckle. Harry wa  feeling extremely well fed and at peace with the world a  he watched  everal gnome   printing through the ro ebu he , laughing madly and clo ely pur ued by Crook hank . Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the re t of the family were all bu y talking, then he  aid very quietly to Harry, “So - have you heard from Siriu  lately?” Hermione looked around, li tening clo ely. “Yeah,”  aid Harry  oftly, “twice. He  ound  okay. I wrote to him ye terday. He might write back while I'm here.” He  uddenly remembered the rea on he had written to Siriu , and for a moment wa  on the verge of telling Ron and Hermione about hi   car hurting again, and about the dream that had awoken him…but he really didn't want to worry them ju t now, not when he him elf wa  feeling  o happy and peaceful. “Look at the time,” Mr . Wea ley  aid  uddenly, checking her wri twatch. “You really  hould be in bed, the whole lot of you you'll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the Cup. Harry, if you leave your  chool li t out, I'll get your thing  for you tomorrow in Diagon Alley. I'm getting everyone el e' . There might not be time after the World Cup, the match went on for five day  la t time.” “Wow - hope it doe  thi  time!”  aid Harry enthu ia tically. “Well, I certainly don't,”  aid Percy  anctimoniou ly. “I  hudder to think what the  tate of my in-tray would be if I wa  away from work for five day .” “Yeah,  omeone might  lip dragon dung in it again, eh, Perce?”  aid Fred. “That wa  a  ample of fertilizer from Norway!”  aid Percy, going very red in the face. “It wa  nothing per onal!” “It wa ,” Fred whi pered to Harry a  they got up from the table. “We  ent it.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER SIX THE PORTKEY H arry felt a  though he had barely lain down to  teep in Ron'  room when he wa  being  haken awake by Mr . Wea ley. “Time to go, Harry, dear,”  he whi pered, moving away to wake Ron. Harry felt around for hi  gla e , put them on, and  at up. It wa   till dark out ide. Ron muttered indi tinctly a  hi  mother rou ed him. At the foot of Harry'  mattre  he  aw two large, di heveled  hape  emerging from tangle  of blanket . “'S time already?”  aid Fred groggily. They dre ed in  ilence, too  leepy to talk, then, yawning and  tretching, the four of them headed down tair  into the kitchen. Mr . Wea ley wa   tirring the content  of a large pot on the  tove, while Mr. Wea ley wa   itting at the table, checking a  heaf of large parchment ticket . He looked up a  the boy  entered and  pread hi  arm   o that they could  ee hi  clothe  more clearly. He wa  wearing what appeared to be a golfing  weater and a very old pair of jean ,  lightly too big for him and held up with a thick leather belt. “What d'you think?” he a ked anxiou ly. “We're  uppo ed to go incognito - do I look like a Muggle, Harry?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry,  miling, “very good.” “Where're Bill and Charlie and Per-Per-Percy?”  aid George, failing to  tifle a huge yawn. “Well, they're Apparating, aren't they?”  aid Mr . Wea ley, heaving the large pot over to the table and  tarting to ladle porridge into bowl . “So they can have a bit of a lie-in.” Harry knew that Apparating meant di appearing from one place and reappearing almo t in tantly in another, but had never known any Hogwart   tudent to do it, and under tood that it wa  very difficult. “So they're  till in bed?”  aid Fred grumpily, pulling hi  bowl of porridge toward him. “Why can't we Apparate too?” “Becau e you're not of age and you haven't pa ed your te t,”  napped Mr . Wea ley. “And where have tho e girl  got to?” She bu tled out of the kitchen and they heard her climbing the  tair . “You have to pa  a te t to Apparate?” Harry a ked. “Oh ye ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, tucking the ticket   afely into the back pocket of hi  jean . “The Department of Magical Tran portation had to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a licen e. It'  not ea y, Apparition, and when it'  not done property it can lead to na ty complication . Thi  pair I'm talking about went and  plinched them elve .” Everyone around the table except Harry winced. “Er -  plinched?”  aid Harry. “They left half of them elve  behind,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, now  pooning large amount  of treacle onto hi  porridge. “So, of cour e, they were  tuck. Couldn't move either way. Had to wait for the Accidental Magic Rever al Squad to  ort them out. Meant a fair old bit of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggle  who  potted the body part  they'd left behind…..” Harry had a  udden vi ion of a pair of leg  and an eyeball lying abandoned on the pavement of Privet Drive. “Were they okay?” he a ked,  tartled. “Oh ye ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley matter-of-factly. “But they got a heavy fine, and I don't think they'll be trying it again in a hurry. You don't me  around with Apparition. There are plenty of adult wizard  who don't bother with it. Prefer broom  -  lower, but  afer.” “But Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it?” “Charlie had to take the te t twice,”  aid Fred, grinning. “He failed the fir t time. Apparated five mile   outh of where he meant to, right on top of  ome poor old dear doing her  hopping, remember?” “Ye , well, he pa ed the  econd time,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty  nigger . “Percy only pa ed two week  ago,”  aid George. “He'  been Apparating down tair  every morning  ince, ju t to prove he can.” There were foot tep  down the pa ageway and Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, both looking pale and drow y. “Why do we have to be up  o early?” Ginny  aid, rubbing her eye  and  itting down at the table. “We've got a bit of a walk,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Walk?”  aid Harry. “What, are we walking to the World Cup?” “No, no, that'  mile  away,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  miling. “We only need to walk a  hort way. It'  ju t that it'  very difficult for a large number of wizard  to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the be t of time , and on a huge occa ion like the Quidditch World Cup…” “George!”  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply, and they all jumped. “What?”  aid George, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody. “What i  that in your pocket?” “Nothing!” “Don't you lie to me!” Mr . Wea ley pointed her wand at George'  pocket and  aid, “Accio!” Several  mall, brightly colored object  zoomed out of George'  pocket; he made a grab for them but mi ed, and they  ped right into Mr . Wea ley'  out tretched hand. “We told you to de troy them!”  aid Mr . Wea ley furiou ly, holding up what were unmi takably more Ton-Tongue Toffee . “We told you to get rid of the lot! Empty your pocket , go on, both of you!” It wa  an unplea ant  cene; the twin  had evidently been trying to  muggle a  many toffee  out of the hou e a  po ible, and it wa  only by u ing her Summoning Charm that Mr . Wea ley managed to find them all. “Accio! Accio! Accio!”  he  houted, and toffee  zoomed from all  ort  of unlikely place , including the lining of George'  jacket and the turn-up  of Fred'  jean . “We  pent  ix month  developing tho e!” Fred  houted at hi  mother a   he threw the toffee  away. “Oh a fine way to  pend  ix month !”  he  hrieked. “No wonder you didn't get more O.W.L. !” All in all, the atmo phere wa  not very friendly a  they took their departure. Mr . Wea ley wa   till glowering a   he ki ed Mr. Wea ley on the cheek, though not nearly a  much a  the twin , who had each hoi ted their ruck ack  onto their back  and walked out without a word to her. “Well, have a lovely time,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, “and behave your elve ,”  he called after the twin ' retreating back , but they did not look back or an wer. “I'll  end Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday,” Mr . Wea ley  aid to Mr. Wea ley, a  he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny  et off acro  the dark yard after Fred and George. It wa  chilly and the moon wa   till out. Only a dull, greeni h tinge along the horizon to their right  howed that daybreak wa  drawing clo er. Harry, having been thinking about thou and  of wizard   peeding toward the Quidditch World Cup,  ped up to walk with Mr. Wea ley. “So how doe  everyone get there without all the Muggle  noticing?” he a ked. “It'  been a ma ive organizational problem,”  ighed Mr. Wea ley. “The trouble i , about a hundred thou and wizard  turn up at the World Cup, and of cour e, we ju t haven't got a magical  ite big enough to accommodate them all. There are place  Muggle  can't penetrate, but imagine trying to pack a hundred thou and wizard  into Diagon Alley or platform nine and three-quarter . So we had to find a nice de erted moor, and  et up a  many anti-Muggle precaution  a  po ible. The whole Mini try'  been working on it for month . Fir t, of cour e, we have to  tagger the arrival . People with cheaper ticket  have to arrive two week  beforehand. A limited number u e Muggle tran port, but we can't have too many clogging up their bu e  and train  - remember, wizard  are coming from all over the world. Some Apparate, of cour e, but we have to  et up  afe point  for them to appear, well away from Muggle . I believe there'  a handy wood they're u ing a  the Apparition point. For tho e who don't want to Apparate, or can't, we u e Portkey . They're object  that are u ed to tran port wizard  from one  pot to another at a prearranged time. You can do large group  at a time if you need to. There have been two hundred Portkey  placed at  trategic point  around Britain, and the neare t one to u  i  up at the top of Stoat head Hill,  o that'  where we're headed.” Mr. Wea ley pointed ahead of them, where a large black ma  ro e beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole. “What  ort of object  are Portkey ?”  aid Harry curiou ly. “Well, they can be anything,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Unobtru ive thing , obviou ly,  o Muggle  don't go picking them up and playing with them… tuff they'll ju t think i  litter….” They trudged down the dark, dank lane toward the village, the  ilence broken only by their foot tep . The  ky lightened very  lowly a  they made their way through the village, it  inky blackne  diluting to deepe t blue. Harry'  hand  and feet were freezing. Mr. Wea ley kept checking hi  watch. They didn't have breath to  pare for talking a  they began to climb Stoat head Hill,  tumbling occa ionally in hidden rabbit hole ,  lipping on thick black tuffet  of gra . Each breath Harry took wa   harp in hi  che t and hi  leg  were  tarting to  eize up when, at la t, hi  feet found level ground. “Whew,” panted Mr. Wea ley, taking off hi  gla e  and wiping them on hi   weater. “Well, we've made good time - we've got ten minute .” Hermione came over the cre t of the hill la t, clutching a  titch in her  ide. “Now we ju t need the Portkey,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, replacing hi  gla e  and  quinting around at the ground. “It won't be big….Come on…” They  pread out,  earching. They had only been at it for a couple of minute , however, when a  hout rent the  till air. “Over here, Arthur! Over here,  on, we've got it.” Two tall figure  were  ilhouetted again t the  tarry  ky on the other  ide of the hilltop. “Amo !”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  miling a  he  trode over to the man who had  houted. The re t of them followed. Mr. Wea ley wa   haking hand  with a ruddy-faced wizard with a  crubby brown beard, who wa  holding a moldy-looking old boot in hi  other hand. “Thi  i  Amo  Diggory, everyone,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “He work  for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature . And I think you know hi   on, Cedric?” Cedric Diggory wa  an extremely hand ome boy of around  eventeen. He wa  Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff Hou e Quidditch team at Hogwart . “Hi,”  aid Cedric, looking around at them all. Everybody  aid hi back except Fred and George, who merely nodded. They had never quite forgiven Cedric for beating their team, Gryffindor, in the fir t Quidditch match of the previou  year. “Long walk, Arthur?” Cedric'  father a ked. “Not too bad,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “We live ju t on the other  ide of the village there. You?” “Had to get up at two, didn't we, Ced? I tell you, I'll be glad when he'  got hi  Apparition te t. Still…not complaining…Quidditch World Cup, wouldn't mi  it for a  ackful of Galleon  - and the ticket  co t about that. Mind you, look  like I got off ea y.…” Amo  Diggory peered good-naturedly around at the three Wea ley boy , Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. “All the e your , Arthur?” “Oh no, only the redhead ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, pointing out hi  children. “Thi  i  Hermione, friend of Ron'  - and Harry, another friend -” “Merlin'  beard,”  aid Amo  Diggory, hi  eye  widening. “Harry? Harry Potter?” “Er - yeah,”  aid Harry. Harry wa  u ed to people looking curiou ly at him when they met him, u ed to the way their eye  moved at once to the lightning  car on hi  forehead, but it alway  made him feel uncomfortable. “Ced'  talked about you, of cour e,”  aid Amo  Diggory. “Told u  all about playing again t you la t year…I  aid to him, I  aid - Ced, that'll be  omething to tell your grandchildren, that will….You beat Harry Potter!” Harry couldn't think of any reply to thi ,  o he remained  ilent. Fred and George were both  cowling again. Cedric looked  lightly embarra ed. “Harry fell off hi  broom, Dad,” he muttered. I told you…it wa  an accident…." “Ye , but you didn't fall off, did you?” roared Amo  genially,  lapping hi   on on hi  back. “Alway  mode t, our Ced, alway  the gentleman…but the be t man won, I'm  ure Harry'd  ay the  ame, wouldn't you, eh? One fall  off hi  broom, one  tay  on, you don't need to be a geniu  to tell which one'  the better flier!” “Mu t be nearly time,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quickly, pulling out hi  watch again. “Do you know whether we're waiting for any more, Amo ?” “No, the Lovegood  have been there for a week already and the Fawcett  couldn't get ticket ,”  aid Mr. Diggory. “There aren't any more of u  in thi  area, are there?” “Not that I know of,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Ye , it'  a minute off…We'd better get ready….” He looked around at Harry and Hermione. “You ju t need to touch the Portkey, that'  all, a finger will do -” With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpack , the nine of them crowded around the old boot held out by Amo  Diggory. They all  tood there, in a tight circle, a  a chill breeze  wept over the hilltop. Nobody  poke. It  uddenly occurred to Harry how odd thi  would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now…nine people, two of them grown men, clutching thi  manky old boot in the  emidarkne , waiting…. “Three…” muttered Mr. Wea ley, one eye  till on hi  watch, two…one…" It happened immediately: Harry felt a  though a hook ju t behind hi  navel had been  uddenly jerked irre i tibly forward. Hi  feet left the ground; he could feel Ron and Hermione on either  ide of him, their  houlder  banging into hi ; they were all  peeding forward in a howl of wind and  wirling color; hi  forefinger wa   tuck to the boot a  though it wa  pulling him magnetically onward and then - Hi  feet  lammed into the ground; Ron  taggered into him and he fell over; the Portkey hit the ground near hi  head with a heavy thud. Harry looked up. Mr. Wea ley, Mr. Diggory, and Cedric were  till  tanding, though looking very wind wept; everybody el e wa  on the ground. “Seven pa t five from Stoat head Hill,”  aid a voice. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER SEVEN BAGMAN AND CROUCH H arry di entangled him elf from Ron and got to hi  feet. They had arrived on what appeared to be a de erted  tretch of mi ty moor. In front of them wa  a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizard , one of whom wa  holding a large gold watch, the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill. Both were dre ed a  Muggle , though very inexpertly: The man with the watch wore a tweed  uit with thigh-length galo he ; hi  colleague, a kilt and a poncho. “Morning, Ba il,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, picking up the boot and handing it to the kilted wizard, who threw it into a large box of u ed Portkey  be ide him; Harry could  ee an old new paper, an empty drink  can, and a punctured football. “Hello there, Arthur,”  aid Ba il wearily. “Not on duty, eh? It'  all right for  ome….We've been here all night….You'd better get out of the way, we've got a big party coming in from the Black Fore t at five fifteen. Hang on, I'll find your camp ite….Wea ley…Wea ley….” He con ulted hi  parchment li t. “About a quarter of a mile'  walk over there, fir t field you come to. Site manager'  called Mr. Robert . Diggory… econd field…a k for Mr. Payne.” “Thank , Ba il,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, and he beckoned everyone to follow him. They  et off acro  the de erted moor, unable to make out much through the mi t. After about twenty minute , a  mall  tone cottage next to a gate  wam into view. Beyond it, Harry could ju t make out the gho tly  hape  of hundred  and hundred  of tent , ri ing up the gentle  lope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon. They  aid good-bye to the Diggory'  and approached the cottage door. A man wa   tanding in the doorway, looking out at the tent . Harry knew at a glance that thi  wa  the only real Muggle for  everal acre . When he heard their foot tep , he turned hi  head to look at them. “Morning!”  aid Mr. Wea ley brightly. “Morning,”  aid the Muggle. “Would you be Mr. Robert ?” “Aye, I would,”  aid Mr. Robert . “And who're you?” “Wea ley - two tent , booked a couple of day  ago?” “Aye,”  aid Mr. Robert , con ulting a li t tacked to the door. “You've got a  pace up by the wood there. Ju t the one night?” “That'  it,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “You'll be paying now, then?”  aid Mr. Robert . “Ah - right - certainly -”  aid Mr. Wea ley. He retreated a  hort di tance from the cottage and beckoned Harry toward him. “Help me, Harry,” he muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from hi  pocket and  tarting to peel the note  apart. “Thi  one'  a - a - a ten? Ah ye , I  ee the little number on it now…So thi  i  a five?” “A twenty,” Harry corrected him in an undertone, uncomfortably aware of Mr. Robert  trying to catch every word. “Ah ye ,  o it i ….I don't know, the e little bit  of paper…” “You foreign?”  aid Mr. Robert  a  Mr. Wea ley returned with the correct note . “Foreign?” repeated Mr. Wea ley, puzzled. “You're not the fir t one who'  had trouble with money,”  aid Mr. Robert ,  crutinizing Mr. Wea ley clo ely. “I had two try and pay me with great gold coin  the  ize of hubcap  ten minute  ago.” “Did you really?”  aid Mr. Wea ley nervou ly. Mr. Robert  rummaged around in a tin for  ome change. “Never been thi  crowded,” he  aid  uddenly, looking out over the mi ty field again. “Hundred  of pre-booking . People u ually ju t turn up….” “I  that right?”  aid Mr. Wea ley, hi  hand held out for hi  change, but Mr. Robert  didn't give it to him. “Aye,” he  aid thoughtfully. “People from all over. Load  of foreigner . And not ju t foreigner . Weirdo , you know? There'  a bloke walking 'round in a kilt and a poncho.” “Shouldn't he?”  aid Mr. Wea ley anxiou ly. “It'  like  ome  ort of…I dunno…like  ome  ort of rally,”  aid Mr. Robert . “They all  eem to know each other. Like a big party.” At that moment, a wizard in plu -four  appeared out of thin air next to Mr. Robert '  front door. “Obliviate!” he  aid  harply, pointing hi  wand at Mr. Robert . In tantly, Mr. Robert '  eye   lid out of focu , hi  brow  unknitted, and a took of dreamy unconcern fell over hi  face. Harry recognized the  ymptom  of one who had ju t had hi  memory modified. “A map of the camp ite for you,” Mr. Robert   aid placidly to Mr. Wea ley. “And your change.” “Thank  very much,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. The wizard in plu -four  accompanied them toward the gate to the camp ite. He looked exhau ted: Hi  chin wa  blue with  tubble and there were deep purple  hadow  under hi  eye . Once out of ear hot of Mr. Robert , he muttered to Mr. Wea ley, “Been having a lot of trouble with him. Need  a Memory Charm ten time  a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman'  not helping. Trotting around talking about Bludger  and Quaffle  at the top of hi  voice, not a worry about anti-Muggle  ecurity Blimey, I'll be glad when thi  i  over. See you later, Arthur.” He Di apparated. “I thought Mr. Bagman wa  Head of Magical Game  and Sport ,”  aid Ginny, looking  urpri ed. “He  hould know better than to talk about Bludger  near Muggle ,  houldn't he?” “He  hould,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  miling, and leading them through the gate  into the camp ite, “but Ludo'  alway  been a bit…well…lax about  ecurity. You couldn't wi h for a more enthu ia tic head of the  port  department though. He played Quidditch for England him elf, you know. And he wa  the be t Beater the Wimbourne Wa p  ever had.” They trudged up the mi ty field between long row  of tent . Mo t looked almo t ordinary; their owner  had clearly tried to make them a  Muggle-like a  po ible, but had  lipped up by adding chimney , or bellpull , or weather vane . However, here and there wa  a tent  o obviou ly magical that Harry could hardly be  urpri ed that Mr. Robert  wa  getting  u piciou . Halfway up the field  tood an extravagant confection of  triped  ilk like a miniature palace, with  everal live peacock  tethered at the entrance. A little farther on they pa ed a tent that had three floor  and  everal turret ; and a  hort way beyond that wa  a tent that had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath,  undial, and fountain. “Alway  the  ame,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  miling. “We can't re i t  howing off when we get together. Ah, here we are, look, thi  i  u .” They had reached the very edge of the wood at the top of the field, and here wa  an empty  pace, with a  mall  ign hammered into the ground that read WEEZLY . “Couldn't have a better  pot!”  aid Mr. Wea ley happily. “The field i  ju t on the other  ide of the wood there, we're a  clo e a  we could be.” He hoi ted hi  backpack from hi   houlder . “Right,” he  aid excitedly, “no magic allowed,  trictly  peaking, not when we're out in the e number  on Muggle land. We'll be putting the e tent  up by hand! Shouldn't be too difficult….Muggle  do it all the time….Here, Harry, where do you reckon we  hould  tart?” Harry had never been camping in hi  life; the Dur ley  had never taken him on any kind of holiday, preferring to leave him with Mr . Figg, an old neighbor. However, he and Hermione worked out where mo t of the pole  and peg   hould go, and though Mr. Wea ley wa  more of a hindrance than a help, becau e he got thoroughly overexcited when it came to u ing the mallet, they finally managed to erect a pair of  habby two-man tent . All of them  tood back to admire their handiwork. Nobody looking at the e tent  would gue  they belonged to wizard , Harry thought, but the trouble wa  that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, they would be a party of ten. Hermione  eemed to have  potted thi  problem too;  he gave Harry a quizzical look a  Mr. Wea ley dropped to hi  hand  and knee  and entered the fir t tent. “We'll be a bit cramped,” he called, “but I think we'll all  queeze in. Come and have a look.” Harry bent down, ducked under the tent flap, and felt hi  jaw drop. He had walked into what looked like an old-fa hioned, three room flat, complete with bathroom and kitchen. Oddly enough, it wa  furni hed in exactly the  ame  ort of  tyle a  Mr . Figg'  hou e: There were crocheted cover  on the mi matched chair  and a  trong  mell of cat . “Well, it'  not for long,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, mopping hi  bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the four bunk bed  that  tood in the bedroom. I borrowed thi  from Perkin  at the office. Doe n't camp much anymore, poor fellow, he'  got lumbago." He picked up the du ty kettle and peered in ide it. “We'll need water….” “There'  a tap marked on thi  map the Muggle gave u ,”  aid Ron, who had followed Harry in ide the tent and  eemed completely unimpre ed by it  extraordinary inner proportion . “It'  on the other  ide of the field.” “Well, why don't you, Harry, and Hermione go and get u   ome water then -” Mr. Wea ley handed over the kettle and a couple of  aucepan  “- and the re t of u  will get  ome wood for a fire?” “But we've got an oven,”  aid Ron. “Why can't we ju t -” “Ron, anti-Muggle  ecurity!”  aid Mr. Wea ley, hi  face  hining with anticipation. “When real Muggle  camp, they cook on fire  outdoor . I've  een them at it!” After a quick tour of the girl ' tent, which wa   lightly  maller than the boy ', though without the  mell of cat , Harry, Ron, and Hermione  et off acro  the camp ite with the kettle and  aucepan . Now, with the  un newly ri en and the mi t lifting, they could  ee the city of tent  that  tretched in every direction. They made their way  lowly through the row ,  taring eagerly around. It wa  only ju t dawning on Harry how many witche  and wizard  there mu t be in the world; he had never really thought much about tho e in other countrie . Their fellow camper  were  tarting to wake up. Fir t to  tir were the familie  with  mall children; Harry had never  een witche  and wizard  thi  young before. A tiny boy no older than two wa  crouched out ide a large pyramid- haped tent, holding a wand and poking happily at a  lug in the gra , which wa   welling  lowly to the  ize of a  alami. A  they drew level with him, hi  mother came hurrying out of the tent. “How many time , Kevin? You don't - touch - Daddy'  - wand - yecchh!” She had trodden on the giant  lug, which bur t. Her  colding carried after them on the  till air, mingling with the little boy'  yell  “You bu t  lug! You bu t  lug!” A  hort way farther on, they  aw two little witche , barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broom tick  that ro e only high enough for the girl ' toe  to  kim the dewy gra . A Mini try wizard had already  potted them; a  he hurried pa t Harry, Ron, and Hermione he muttered di tractedly, “In broad daylight! Parent  having a lie-in, I  uppo e -” Here and there adult wizard  and witche  were emerging from their tent  and  tarting to cook breakfa t. Some, with furtive look  around them, conjured fire  with their wand ; other  were  triking matche  with dubiou  look  on their face , a  though  ure thi  couldn't work. Three African wizard   at in  eriou  conver ation, all of them wearing long white robe  and roa ting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witche   at go iping happily beneath a  pangled banner  tretched between their tent  that read: THE SALEM WITCHES' INSTITUTE . Harry caught  natche  of conver ation in  trange language  from the in ide of tent  they pa ed, and though he couldn't under tand a word, the tone of every  ingle voice wa  excited. “Er - i  it my eye , or ha  everything gone green?”  aid Ron. It wa n't ju t Ron'  eye . They had walked into a patch of tent  that were all covered with a thick growth of  hamrock ,  o that it looked a  though  mall, oddly  haped hillock  had  prouted out of the earth. Grinning face  could be  een under tho e that had their flap  open. Then, from behind them, they heard their name . “Harry! Ron! Hermione!” It wa  Seamu  Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindor fourth year. He wa   itting in front of hi  own  hamrock-covered tent, with a  andy-haired woman who had to be hi  mother, and hi  be t friend, Dean Thoma , al o of Gryffindor. “Like the decoration ?”  aid Seamu , grinning. “The Mini try'  not too happy.” “Ah, why  houldn't we  how our color ?”  aid Mr . Finnigan. “You  hould  ee what the Bulgarian  have got dangling all over their tent . You'll be  upporting Ireland, of cour e?”  he added, eyeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione beadily. When they had a ured her that they were indeed  upporting Ireland, they  et off again, though, a  Ron  aid, “Like we'd  ay anything el e  urrounded by that lot.” “I wonder what the Bulgarian  have got dangling all over their tent ?”  aid Hermione. “Let'  go and have a look,”  aid Harry, pointing to a large patch of tent  upfield, where the Bulgarian flag - white, green, and red - wa  fluttering in the breeze. The tent  here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them had the  ame po ter attached to it, a po ter of a very  urly face with heavy black eyebrow . The picture wa , of cour e, moving, but all it did wa  blink and  cowl. “Krum,”  aid Ron quietly. “What?”  aid Hermione. “Krum!”  aid Ron. “Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!” “He look  really grumpy,”  aid Hermione, looking around at the many Krum'  blinking and  cowling at them. “'Really grumpy?” Ron rai ed hi  eye  to the heaven . “Who care  what he look  like? He'  unbelievable. He'  really young too. Only ju t eighteen or  omething. He'  a geniu , you wait until tonight, you'll  ee.” There wa  already a  mall queue for the tap in the corner of the field. Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined it, right behind a pair of men who were having a heated argument. One of them wa  a very old wizard who wa  wearing a long flowery nightgown. The other wa  clearly a Mini try wizard; he wa  holding out a pair of pin triped trou er  and almo t crying with exa peration. “Ju t put them on, Archie, there'  a good chap. You can't walk around like that, the Muggle at the gate'  already getting  u piciou  -” “I bought thi  in a Muggle  hop,”  aid the old wizard  tubbornly. “Muggle  wear them.” “Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear the e,”  aid the Mini try wizard, and he brandi hed the pin triped trou er . “I'm not putting them on,”  aid old Archie in indignation. “I like a healthy breeze 'round my private , thank .” Hermione wa  overcome with  uch a  trong fit of the giggle  at thi  point that  he had to duck out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected hi  water and moved away. Walking more  lowly now, becau e of the weight of the water, they made their way back through the camp ite. Here and there, they  aw more familiar face : other Hogwart   tudent  with their familie . Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry'  Hou e Quidditch team, who had ju t left Hogwart , dragged Harry over to hi  parent ' tent to introduce him, and told him excitedly that he had ju t been  igned to the Puddlemere United re erve team. Next they were hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, and a little farther on they  aw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played Seeker on the Ravenclaw team. She waved and  miled at Harry, who  lopped quite a lot of water down hi  front a  he waved back. More to  top Ron from  mirking than anything, Harry hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenager  whom he had never  een before. “Who d'you reckon they are?” he  aid. “They don't go to Hogwart , do they?” “'Spect they go to  ome foreign  chool,”  aid Ron. “I know there are other . Never met anyone who went to one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a  chool in Brazil…thi  wa  year  and year  ago…and he wanted to go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad couldn't afford it. Hi  penfriend got all offended when he  aid he wa n't going and  ent him a cur ed hat. It made hi  ear   hrivel up.” Harry laughed but didn't voice the amazement he felt at hearing about other wizarding  chool . He  uppo ed, now that he  aw repre entative  of  o many nationalitie  in the camp ite, that he had been  tupid never to realize that Hogwart  couldn't be the only one. He glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly un urpri ed by the information. No doubt  he had run acro  the new  about other wizarding  chool  in  ome book or other. “You've been age ,”  aid George when they finally got back to the Wea ley ' tent . “Met a few people,”  aid Ron,  etting the water down. “You've not got that fire  tarted yet?” “Dad'  having fun with the matche ,”  aid Fred. Mr. Wea ley wa  having no  ucce  at all in lighting the fire, but it wa n't for lack of trying. Splintered matche  littered the ground around him, but he looked a  though he wa  having the time of hi  life. “Oop !” he  aid a  he managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in  urpri e. “Come here, Mr. Wea ley,”  aid Hermione kindly, taking the box from him, and  howing him how to do it properly. At la t they got the fire lit, though it wa  at lea t another hour before it wa  hot enough to cook anything. There wa  plenty to watch while they waited, however. Their tent  eemed to be pitched right along ide a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and Mini try member  kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Mr. Wea ley cordially a  they pa ed. Mr. Wea ley kept up a running commentary, mainly for Harry'  and Hermione'  benefit; hi  own children knew too much about the Mini try to be greatly intere ted. “That wa  Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liai on Office….Here come  Gilbert Wimple; he'  with the Committee on Experimental Charm ; he'  had tho e horn  for a while now…Hello, Arnie…Arnold Pea egood, he'  an Obliviator - member of the Accidental Magic Rever al Squad, you know…and that'  Bode and Croaker…they're Un peakable ….” “They're what?” “From the Department of My terie , top  ecret, no idea what they get up to….” At la t, the fire wa  ready, and they had ju t  tarted cooking egg  and  au age  when Bill, Charlie, and Percy came  trolling out of the wood  toward them. “Ju t Apparated, Dad,”  aid Percy loudly. “Ah, excellent, lunch!” They were halfway through their plate  of egg  and  au age  when Mr. Wea ley jumped to hi  feet, waving and grinning at a man who wa   triding toward them. “Aha!” he  aid. “The man of the moment! Ludo!” Ludo Bagman wa  ea ily the mo t noticeable per on Harry had  een  o far, even including old Archie in hi  flowered nightdre . He wa  wearing long Quidditch robe  in thick horizontal  tripe  of bright yellow and black. An enormou  picture of a wa p wa   pla hed acro  hi  che t. He had the look of a powerfully built man gone  lightly to  eed; the robe  were  tretched tightly acro  a large belly he  urely had not had in the day  when he had played Quidditch for England. Hi  no e wa   qua hed (probably broken by a  tray Bludger, Harry thought), but hi  round blue eye ,  hort blond hair, and ro y complexion made him look like a very overgrown  choolboy. “Ahoy there!” Bagman called happily. He wa  walking a  though he had  pring  attached to the ball  of hi  feet and wa  plainly in a  tate of wild excitement. “Arthur, old man,” he puffed a  he reached the campfire, “what a day, eh? What a day! Could we have a ked for more perfect weather? A cloudle  night coming…and hardly a hiccough in the arrangement ….Not much for me to do!” Behind him, a group of haggard-looking Mini try wizard  ru hed pa t, pointing at the di tant evidence of  ome  ort of a magical fire that wa   ending violet  park  twenty feet into the air. Percy hurried forward with hi  hand out tretched. Apparently hi  di approval of the way Ludo Bagman ran hi  department did not prevent him from wanting to make a good impre ion. “Ah - ye ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, grinning, “thi  i  my  on Percy. He'  ju t  tarted at the Mini try - and thi  i  Fred - no, George,  orry - that'  Fred - Bill, Charlie, Ron - my daughter, Ginny and Ron'  friend , Hermione Granger and Harry Potter.” Bagman did the  malle t of double take  when he heard Harry'  name, and hi  eye  performed the familiar flick upward to the  car on Harry'  forehead. “Everyone,” Mr. Wea ley continued, “thi  i  Ludo Bagman, you know who he i , it'  thank  to him we've got  uch good ticket  -” Bagman beamed and waved hi  hand a  if to  ay it had been nothing. “Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?” he  aid eagerly, jingling what  eemed to be a large amount of gold in the pocket  of hi  yellow-and-black robe . “I've already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will  core fir t - I offered him nice odd , con idering Ireland'  front three are the  tronge t I've  een in year  - and little Agatha Timm  ha  put up half  hare  in her eel farm on a weeklong match.” “Oh…go on then,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Let'   ee…a Galleon on Ireland to win?” “A Galleon?” Ludo Bagman looked  lightly di appointed, but recovered him elf. “Very well, very well…any other taker ?” “They're a bit young to be gambling,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Molly wouldn't like -” “We'll bet thirty- even Galleon , fifteen Sickle , three Knut ,”  aid Fred a  he and George quickly pooled all their money, “that Ireland win  - but Viktor Krum get  the Snitch. Oh and we'll throw in a fake wand.” “You don't want to go  howing Mr. Bagman rubbi h like that,” Percy hi ed, but Bagman didn't  eem to think the wand wa  rubbi h at all; on the contrary, hi  boyi h face  hone with excitement a  he took it from Fred, and when the wand gave a loud  quawk and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared with laughter. “Excellent! I haven't  een one that convincing in year ! I'd pay five Galleon  for that!” Percy froze in an attitude of  tunned di approval. “Boy ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley under hi  breath, “I don't want you betting….That'  all your  aving ….Your mother -” “Don't be a  poil port, Arthur!” boomed Ludo Bagman, rattling hi  pocket  excitedly. “They're old enough to know what they want! You reckon Ireland will win but Krum'll get the Snitch? Not a chance, boy , not a chance….I'll give you excellent odd  on that one….We'll add five Galleon  for the funny wand, then,  hall we….” Mr. Wea ley looked on helple ly a  Ludo Bagman whipped out a notebook and quill and began jotting down the twin ' name . “Cheer ,”  aid George, taking the  lip of parchment Bagman handed him and tucking it away into the front of hi  robe . Bagman turned mo t cheerfully back to Mr. Wea ley. “Couldn't do me a brew, I  uppo e? I'm keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian oppo ite number'  making difficultie , and I can't under tand a word he'   aying. Barty'll be able to  ort it out. He  peak  about a hundred and fifty language .” “Mr. Crouch?”  aid Percy,  uddenly abandoning hi  look of poker- tiff di approval and po itively writhing with excitement. “He  peak  over two hundred! Mermi h and Gobbledegook and Troll.…” “Anyone can  peak Troll,”  aid Fred di mi ively. “All you have to do i  point and grunt.” Percy threw Fred an extremely na ty look and  toked the fire vigorou ly to bring the kettle back to the boil. “Any new  of Bertha Jorkin  yet, Ludo?” Mr. Wea ley a ked a  Bagman  ettled him elf down on the gra  be ide them all. “Not a dicky bird,”  aid Bagman comfortably. “But  he'll turn up. Poor old Bertha…memory like a leaky cauldron and no  en e of direction. Lo t, you take my word for it. She'll wander back into the office  ometime in October, thinking it'   till July.” “You don't think it might be time to  end  omeone to look for her?” Mr. Wea ley  ugge ted tentatively a  Percy handed Bagman hi  tea. “Barty Crouch keep   aying that,”  aid Bagman, hi  round eye  widening innocently, “but we really can't  pare anyone at the moment. Oh - talk of the devil! Barty!” A wizard had ju t Apparated at their fire ide, and he could not have made more of a contra t with Ludo Bagman,  prawled on the gra  in hi  old Wa p robe . Barty Crouch wa  a  tiff, upright, elderly man, dre ed in an impeccably cri p  uit and tie. The parting in hi   hort gray hair wa  almo t unnaturally  traight, and hi  narrow toothbru h mu tache looked a  though he trimmed it u ing a  lide rule. Hi   hoe  were very highly poli hed. Harry could  ee at once why Percy idolized him. Percy wa  a great believer in rigidly following rule , and Mr. Crouch had complied with the rule about Muggle dre ing  o thoroughly that he could have pa ed for a bank manager; Harry doubted even Uncle Vernon would have  potted him for what he really wa . “Pull up a bit of gra , Barry,”  aid Ludo brightly, patting the ground be ide him. “No thank you, Ludo,”  aid Crouch, and there wa  a bite of impatience in hi  voice. “I've been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarian  are in i ting we add another twelve  eat  to the Top Box.” “Oh i  that what they're after?”  aid Bagman. I thought the chap wa  a king to borrow a pair of tweezer . Bit of a  trong accent." “Mr. Crouch!”  aid Percy breathle ly,  unk into a kind of halfbow that made him look like a hunchback. “Would you like a cup of tea?” “Oh,”  aid Mr. Crouch, looking over at Percy in mild  urpri e. “Ye  - thank you, Weatherby.” Fred and George choked into their own cup . Percy, very pink around the ear , bu ied him elf with the kettle. “Oh and I've been wanting a word with you too, Arthur,”  aid Mr. Crouch, hi   harp eye  falling upon Mr. Wea ley. “Ali Ba hir'  on the warpath. He want  a word with you about your embargo on flying carpet .” Mr. Wea ley heaved a deep  igh. “I  ent him an owl about that ju t la t week. If I've told him once I've told him a hundred time : Carpet  are defined a  a Muggle Artifact by the Regi try of Pro cribed Charmable Object , but will he li ten?” “I doubt it,”  aid Mr. Crouch, accepting a cup from Percy. “He'  de perate to export here.” “Well, they'll never replace broom  in Britain, will they?”  aid Bagman. “Ali think  there'  a niche in the market for a family vehicle,  aid Mr. Crouch. ”I remember my grandfather had an Axmin ter that could  eat twelve - but that wa  before carpet  were banned, of cour e." He  poke a  though he wanted to leave nobody in any doubt that all hi  ance tor  had abided  trictly by the law. “So, been keeping bu y, Barty?”  aid Bagman breezily. “Fairly,”  aid Mr. Crouch dryly. “Organizing Portkey  acro  five continent  i  no mean feat, Ludo.” “I expect you'll both be glad when thi  i  over?”  aid Mr. Wea ley. Ludo Bagman looked  hocked. “Glad! Don't know when I've had more fun….Still, it'  not a  though we haven't got anything to took forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty left to organize, eh?” Mr. Crouch rai ed hi  eyebrow  at Bagman. “We agreed not to make the announcement until all the detail  -” “Oh detail !”  aid Bagman, waving the word away like a cloud of midge . “They've  igned, haven't they? They've agreed, haven't they? I bet you anything the e kid 'll know  oon enough anyway. I mean, it'  happening at Hogwart  -” “Ludo, we need to meet the Bulgarian , you know,”  aid Mr. Crouch  harply, cutting Bagman'  remark   hort. “Thank you for the tea, Weatherby.” He pu hed hi  undrunk tea back at Percy and waited for Ludo to ri e; Bagman  truggled to hi  feet,  wigging down the la t of hi  tea, the gold in hi  pocket  chinking merrily. “See you all later!” he  aid. “You'll be up in the Top Box with me - I'm commentating!” He waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them Di apparated. “What'  happening at Hogwart , Dad?”  aid Fred at once. “What were they talking about?” “You'll find out  oon enough,”  aid Mr.Wea ley,  miling. “It'  cla ified information, until  uch time a  the Mini try decide  to relea e it,”  aid Percy  tiffly. “Mr. Crouch wa  quite right not to di clo e it.” “Oh  hut up, Weatherby,”  aid Fred. A  en e of excitement ro e like a palpable cloud over the camp ite a  the afternoon wore on. By du k, the  till  ummer air it elf  eemed to be quivering with anticipation, and a  darkne   pread like a curtain over the thou and  of waiting wizard , the la t ve tige  of pretence di appeared: the Mini try  eemed to have bowed to the inevitable and  topped fighting the  ign  of blatant magic now breaking out everywhere. Sale men were Apparating every few feet, carrying tray  and pu hing cart  full of extraordinary merchandi e. There were luminou  ro ette  - green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria - which were  quealing the name  of the player , pointed green hat  bedecked with dancing  hamrock , Bulgarian  carve  adorned with lion  that really roared, flag  from both countrie  that played their national anthem  a  they were waved; there were tiny model  of Firebolt  that really flew, and collectible figure  of famou  player , which  trolled acro  the palm of your hand, preening them elve . “Been  aving my pocket money all  ummer for thi ,” Ron told Harry a  they and Hermione  trolled through the  ale men, buying  ouvenir . Though Ron purcha ed a dancing  hamrock hat and a large green ro ette, he al o bought a  mall figure of Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker. The miniature Krum walked backward and forward over Ron'  hand,  cowling up at the green ro ette above him. “Wow, look at the e!”  aid Harry, hurrying over to a cart piled high with what looked like bra  binocular , except that they were covered with all  ort  of weird knob  and dial . “Omniocular ,”  aid the  ale wizard eagerly. “You can replay action… low everything down…and they fla h up a play-by-play breakdown if you need it. Bargain - ten Galleon  each.” “Wi h I hadn't bought thi  now,”  aid Ron, ge turing at hi  dancing  hamrock hat and gazing longingly at the Omniocular . “Three pair ,”  aid Harry firmly to the wizard. “No - don't bother,”  aid Ron, going red. He wa  alway  touchy about the fact that Harry, who had inherited a  mall fortune from hi  parent , had much more money than he did. “You won't be getting anything for Chri tma ,” Harry told him, thru ting Omniocular  into hi  and Hermione'  hand . “For about ten year , mind.” “Fair enough,”  aid Ron, grinning. “Oooh, thank , Harry,”  aid Hermione. “And I'll get u   ome program , look -” Their money bag  con iderably lighter, they went back to the tent . Bill, Charlie, and Ginny were all  porting green ro ette  too, and Mr. Wea ley wa  carrying an Iri h flag. Fred and George had no  ouvenir  a  they had given Bagman all their gold. And then a deep, booming gong  ounded  omewhere beyond the wood , and at once, green and red lantern  blazed into life in the tree , lighting a path to the field. “It'  time!”  aid Mr. Wea ley, looking a  excited a  any of them. “Come on, let'  go!” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER EIGHT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP C lutching their purcha e , Mr. Wea ley in the lead, they all hurried into the wood, following the lantern-lit trail. They could hear the  ound  of thou and  of people moving around them,  hout  and laughter,  natche  of  inging. The atmo phere of feveri h excitement wa  highly infectiou ; Harry couldn't  top grinning. They walked through the wood for twenty minute , talking and joking loudly, until at la t they emerged on the other  ide and found them elve  in the  hadow of a gigantic  tadium. Though Harry could  ee only a fraction of the immen e gold wall   urrounding the field, he could tell that ten cathedral  would fit comfortably in ide it. “Seat  a hundred thou and,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  potting the awe truck look on Harry'  face. “Mini try ta k force of five hundred have been working on it all year. Muggle Repelling Charm  on every inch of it. Every time Muggle  have got anywhere near here all year, they've  uddenly remembered urgent appointment  and had to da h away again…ble  them,” he added fondly, leading the way toward the neare t entrance, which wa  already  urrounded by a  warm of  houting witche  and wizard . “Prime  eat !”  aid the Mini try witch at the entrance when  he checked their ticket . “Top Box! Straight up tair , Arthur, and a  high a  you can go.” The  tair  into the  tadium were carpeted in rich purple. They clambered upward with the re t of the crowd, which  lowly filtered away through door  into the  tand  to their left and right. Mr. Wea ley'  party kept climbing, and at la t they reached the top of the  tairca e and found them elve  in a  mall box,  et at the highe t point of the  tadium and  ituated exactly halfway between the golden goal po t . About twenty purple-and-gilt chair   tood in two row  here, and Harry, filing into the front  eat  with the Wea ley , looked down upon a  cene the like  of which he could never have imagined. A hundred thou and witche  and wizard  were taking their place  in the  eat , which ro e in level  around the long oval field. Everything wa   uffu ed with a my teriou  golden light, which  eemed to come from the  tadium it elf. The field looked  mooth a  velvet from their lofty po ition. At either end of the field  tood three goal hoop , fifty feet high; right oppo ite them, almo t at Harry'  eye level, wa  a gigantic blackboard. Gold writing kept da hing acro  it a  though an invi ible giant'  hand were  crawling upon the blackboard and then wiping it off again; watching it, Harry  aw that it wa  fla hing adverti ement  acro  the field. The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family -  afe, reliable, and with Built-in Anti-Burgler Buzzer…Mr . Shower'  All Purpo e Magical Me  Remover: No Pain, No Stain!…Gladrag  Wizardwear - London, Pari , Hog meade… Harry tore hi  eye  away from the  ign and looked over hi   houlder to  ee who el e wa   haring the box with them. So far it wa  empty, except for a tiny creature  itting in the  econd from la t  eat at the end of the row behind them. The creature, who e leg  were  o  hort they  tuck out in front of it on the chair, wa  wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and it had it  face hidden in it  hand . Yet tho e long, batlike ear  were oddly familiar…. “Dobby?”  aid Harry incredulou ly. The tiny creature looked up and  tretched it  finger , revealing enormou  brown eye  and a no e the exact  ize and  hape of a large tomato. It wa n't Dobby - it wa , however, unmi takably a hou e-elf, a  Harry'  friend Dobby had been. Harry had  et Dobby free from hi  old owner , the Malfoy family. “Did  ir ju t call me Dobby?”  queaked the elf curiou ly from between it  finger . It  voice wa  higher even than Dobby'  had been, a teeny, quivering  queak of a voice, and Harry  u pected though it wa  very hard to tell with a hou e-elf - that thi  one might ju t be female. Ron and Hermione  pun around in their  eat  to look. Though they had heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never actually met him. Even Mr. Wea ley looked around in intere t. “Sorry,” Harry told the elf, “I ju t thought you were  omeone I knew.” “But I know  Dobby too,  ir!”  queaked the elf. She wa   hielding her face, a  though blinded by light, though the Top Box wa  not brightly lit. “My name i  Winky,  ir - and you,  ir -” Her dark brown eye  widened to the  ize of  ide plate  a  they re ted upon Harry'   car. “You i   urely Harry Potter!” “Yeah, I am,”  aid Harry. “But Dobby talk  of you all the time,  ir!”  he  aid, lowering her hand  very  lightly and looking awe truck. “How i  he?”  aid Harry. “How'  freedom  uiting him?” “Ah,  ir,”  aid Winky,  haking her head, “ah  ir, meaning no di re pect,  ir, but I i  not  ure you did Dobby a favor,  ir, when you i   etting him free.” “Why?”  aid Harry, taken aback. “What'  wrong with him?” “Freedom i  going to Dobby'  head,  ir, ”  aid Winky  adly. “Idea  above hi   tation,  ir. Can't get another po ition,  ir.” “Why not?”  aid Harry. Winky lowered her voice by a half-octave and whi pered, “He i  wanting paying for hi  work,  ir.” “Paying?”  aid Harry blankly. “Well - why  houldn't he be paid?” Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and clo ed her finger   lightly  o that her face wa  half-hidden again. “Hou e-elve  i  not paid,  ir!”  he  aid in a muffled  queak. “No, no, no. I  ay  to Dobby, I  ay , go find your elf a nice family and  ettle down, Dobby. He i  getting up to all  ort  of high jink ,  ir, what i  unbecoming to a hou e-elf. You goe  racketing around like thi , Dobby, I  ay , and next thing I hear you'  up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature , like  ome common goblin.” “Well, it'  about time he had a bit of fun,”  aid Harry. “Hou e-elve  i  not  uppo ed to have fun, Harry Potter,”  aid Winky firmly, from behind her hand . “Hou e-elve  doe  what they i  told. I i  not liking height  at all, Harry Potter” -  he glanced toward the edge of the box and gulped - “but my ma ter  end  me to the Top Box and I come ,  ir.” “Why'  he  ent you up here, if he know  you don't like height ?”  aid Harry, frowning. “Ma ter - ma ter want  me to  ave him a  eat, Harry Potter. He i  very bu y,”  aid Winky, tilting her head toward the empty  pace be ide her. “Winky i  wi hing  he i  back in ma ter'  tent, Harry Potter, but Winky doe  what  he i  told. Winky i  a good hou e-elf.” She gave the edge of the box another frightened look and hid her eye  completely again. Harry turned back to the other . “So that'  a hou e-elf?” Ron muttered. “Weird thing , aren't they?” “Dobby wa  weirder,”  aid Harry fervently. Ron pulled out hi  Omniocular  and  tarted te ting them,  taring down into the crowd on the other  ide of the  tadium. “Wild!” he  aid, twiddling the replay knob on the  ide. I can make that old bloke down there pick hi  no e again…and again…and again…" Hermione, meanwhile, wa   kimming eagerly through her velvetcovered, ta eled program. “'A di play from the team ma cot  will precede the match,”'  he read aloud. “Oh that'  alway  worth watching,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “National team  bring creature  from their native land, you know, to put on a bit of a  how.” The box filled gradually around them over the next half hour. Mr. Wea ley kept  haking hand  with people who were obviou ly very important wizard . Percy jumped to hi  feet  o often that he looked a  though he were trying to  it on a hedgehog. When Corneliu  Fudge, the Mini ter of Magic him elf, arrived, Percy bowed  o low that hi  gla e  fell off and  hattered. Highly embarra ed, he repaired them with hi  wand and thereafter remained in hi   eat, throwing jealou  look  at Harry, whom Corneliu  Fudge had greeted like an old friend. They had met before, and Fudge  hook Harry'  hand in a fatherly fa hion, a ked how he wa , and introduced him to the wizard  on either  ide of him. “Harry Potter, you know,” he told the Bulgarian mini ter loudly, who wa  wearing  plendid robe  of black velvet trimmed with gold and didn't  eem to under tand a word of Engli h. “Harry Potter…oh come on now, you know who he i …the boy who  urvived You-Know-Who…you do know who he i  -” The Bulgarian wizard  uddenly  potted Harry'   car and  tarted gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at it. “Knew we'd get there in the end,”  aid Fudge wearily to Harry. “I'm no great  hake  at language ; I need Barty Crouch for thi   ort of thing. Ah, I  ee hi  hou e-elf'   aving him a  eat….Good job too, the e Bulgarian blighter  have been trying to cadge all the be t place …ah, and here'  Luciu !” Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned quickly. Edging along the  econd row to three  till-empty  eat  right behind Mr. Wea ley were none other than Dobby the hou e-elf'  former owner : Luciu  Malfoy; hi   on, Draco; and a woman Harry  uppo ed mu t be Draco'  mother. Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemie  ever  ince their very fir t journey to Hogwart . A pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair, Draco greatly re embled hi  father. Hi  mother wa  blonde too; tall and  lim,  he would have been nice-looking if  he hadn't been wearing a look that  ugge ted there wa  a na ty  mell under her no e. “Ah, Fudge,”  aid Mr. Malfoy, holding out hi  hand a  he reached the Mini ter of Magic. “How are you? I don't think you've met my wife, Narci a? Or our  on, Draco?” “How do you do, how do you do?”  aid Fudge,  miling and bowing to Mr . Malfoy. “And allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblan k - Obalon k - Mr. - well, he'  the Bulgarian Mini ter of Magic, and he can't under tand a word I'm  aying anyway,  o never mind. And let'   ee who el e - you know Arthur Wea ley, I dare ay?” It wa  a ten e moment. Mr. Wea ley and Mr. Malfoy looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the la t time they had come face-to-face: It had been in Flouri h and Blott ' book hop, and they had had a fight. Mr. Malfoy'  cold gray eye   wept over Mr. Wea ley, and then up and down the row. “Good lord, Arthur,” he  aid  oftly. “What did you have to  ell to get  eat  in the Top Box? Surely your hou e wouldn't have fetched thi  much?” Fudge, who wa n't li tening,  aid, “Luciu  ha  ju t given a very generou  contribution to St. Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie , Arthur. He'  here a  my gue t.” “How - how nice,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, with a very  trained  mile. Mr. Malfoy'  eye  had returned to Hermione, who went  lightly pink, but  tared determinedly back at him. Harry knew exactly what wa  making Mr. Malfoy'  lip curl like that. The Malfoy  prided them elve  on being pureblood ; in other word , they con idered anyone of Muggle de cent, like Hermione,  econd-cla . However, under the gaze of the Mini ter of Magic, Mr. Malfoy didn't dare  ay anything. He nodded  neeringly to Mr. Wea ley and continued down the line to hi   eat . Draco  hot Harry, Ron, and Hermione one contemptuou  look, then  ettled him elf between hi  mother and father. “Slimy git ,” Ron muttered a  he, Harry, and Hermione turned to face the field again. Next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box. “Everyone ready?” he  aid, hi  round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam. “Mini ter - ready to go?” “Ready when you are, Ludo,”  aid Fudge comfortably. Ludo whipped out hi  wand, directed it at hi  own throat, and  aid “Sonoru !” and then  poke over the roar of  ound that wa  now filling the packed  tadium; hi  voice echoed over them, booming into every corner of the  tand . “Ladie  and gentlemen…welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty- econd Quidditch World Cup!” The  pectator   creamed and clapped. Thou and  of flag  waved, adding their di cordant national anthem  to the racket. The huge blackboard oppo ite them wa  wiped clear of it  la t me age (Bertie Bott'  Every Flavor Bean  - A Ri k With Every Mouthful!) and now  howed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0. “And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce…the Bulgarian National Team Ma cot !” The right-hand  ide of the  tand , which wa  a  olid block of  carlet, roared it  approval. “I wonder what they've brought,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, leaning forward in hi   eat. “Aaah!” He  uddenly whipped off hi  gla e  and poli hed them hurriedly on hi  robe . “Veela!” “What are veel -?” But a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the field, and Harry'  que tion wa  an wered for him. Veela were women…the mo t beautiful women Harry had ever  een…except that they weren't - they couldn't be - human. Thi  puzzled Harry for a moment while he tried to gue  what exactly they could be; what could make their  kin  hine moon-bright like that, or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind…but then the mu ic  tarted, and Harry  topped worrying about them not being human - in fact, he  topped worrying about anything at all. The veela had  tarted to dance, and Harry'  mind had gone completely and bli fully blank. All that mattered in the world wa  that he kept watching the veela, becau e if they  topped dancing, terrible thing  would happen. And a  the veela danced fa ter and fa ter, wild, half-formed thought   tarted cha ing through Harry'  dazed mind. He wanted to do  omething very impre ive, right now. Jumping from the box into the  tadium  eemed a good idea…but would it be good enough? “Harry, what are you doing?”  aid Hermione'  voice from a long way off. The mu ic  topped. Harry blinked. He wa   tanding up, and one of hi  leg  wa  re ting on the wall of the box. Next to him, Ron wa  frozen in an attitude that looked a  though he were about to dive from a  pringboard. Angry yell  were filling the  tadium. The crowd didn't want the veela to go. Harry wa  with them; he would, of cour e, be  upporting Bulgaria, and he wondered vaguely why he had a large green  hamrock pinned to hi  che t. Ron, meanwhile, wa  ab entmindedly  hredding the  hamrock  on hi  hat. Mr. Wea ley,  miling  lightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged the hat out of hi  hand . “You'll be wanting that,” he  aid, “once Ireland have had their  ay.” “Huh?”  aid Ron,  taring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one  ide of the field. Hermione made a loud tutting noi e. She reached up and pulled Harry back into hi   eat. “Hone tly!”  he  aid. “And now,” roared Ludo Bagman'  voice, “kindly put your wand  in the air…for the Iri h National Team Ma cot !” Next moment, what  eemed to be a great green-and-gold comet came zooming into the  tadium. It did one circuit of the  tadium, then  plit into two  maller comet , each hurtling toward the goal po t . A rainbow arced  uddenly acro  the field, connecting the two ball  of light. The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, a  though at a firework  di play. Now the rainbow faded and the ball  of light reunited and merged; they had formed a great  himmering  hamrock, which ro e up into the  ky and began to  oar over the  tand . Something like golden rain  eemed to be falling from it - “Excellent!” yelled Ron a  the  hamrock  oared over them, and heavy gold coin  rained from it, bouncing off their head  and  eat . Squinting up at the  hamrock, Harry realized that it wa  actually compri ed of thou and  of tiny little bearded men with red ve t , each carrying a minute lamp of gold or green. “Leprechaun !”  aid Mr. Wea ley over the tumultuou  applau e of the crowd, many of whom were  till fighting and rummaging around under their chair  to retrieve the gold. “There you go,” Ron yelled happily,  tuffing a fi tful of gold coin  into Harry'  hand, “for the Omniocular ! Now you've got to buy me a Chri tma  pre ent, ha!” The great  hamrock di olved, the leprechaun  drifted down onto the field on the oppo ite  ide from the veela, and  ettled them elve  cro -legged to watch the match. “And now, ladie  and gentlemen, kindly welcome - the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you - Dimitrov!” A  carlet-clad figure on a broom tick, moving  o fa t it wa  blurred,  hot out onto the field from an entrance far below, to wild applau e from the Bulgarian  upporter . “Ivanova!” A  econd  carlet-robed player zoomed out. “Zograf! Lev ki! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand - Krum!” “That'  him, that'  him!” yelled Ron, following Krum with hi  Omniocular . Harry quickly focu ed hi  own. Viktor Krum wa  thin, dark, and  allow- kinned, with a large curved no e and thick black eyebrow . He looked like an overgrown bird of prey. It wa  hard to believe he wa  only eighteen. “And now, plea e greet - the Iri h National Quidditch Team!” yelled Bagman. “Pre enting - Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand - Lynch!” Seven green blur   wept onto the field; Harry  pun a  mall dial on the  ide of hi  Omniocular  and  lowed the player  down enough to read the word “Firebolt” on each of their broom  and  ee their name , embroidered in  ilver, upon their back . “And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International A ociation of Quidditch, Ha an Mo tafa!” A  mall and  kinny wizard, completely bald but with a mu tache to rival Uncle Vernon' , wearing robe  of pure gold to match the  tadium,  trode out onto the field. A  ilver whi tle wa  protruding from under the mu tache, and he wa  carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, hi  broom tick under the other. Harry  pun the  peed dial on hi  Omniocular  back to normal, watching clo ely a  Mo tafa mounted hi  broom tick and kicked the crate open - four ball  bur t into the air: the  carlet Quaffle, the two black Bludger , and (Harry  aw it for the briefe t moment, before it  ped out of  ight) the minu cule, winged Golden Snitch. With a  harp bla t on hi  whi tle, Mo tafa  hot into the air after the ball . “Theeeeeeeey're OFF!”  creamed Bagman. “And it'  Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Lev ki! Moran!” It wa  Quidditch a  Harry had never  een it played before. He wa  pre ing hi  Omniocular   o hard to hi  gla e  that they were cutting into the bridge of hi  no e. The  peed of the player  wa  incredible - the Cha er  were throwing the Quaffle to one another  o fa t that Bagman only had time to  ay their name . Harry  pun the  low dial on the right of hi  Omniocular  again, pre ed the play-by-play button on the top, and he wa  immediately watching in  low motion, while glittering purple lettering fla hed acro  the len e  and the noi e of the crowd pounded again t hi  eardrum . HAWKSHEAD ATTACKING FORMATION , he read a  he watched the three Iri h Cha er  zoom clo ely together, Troy in the center,  lightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarian . PORSKOFF PLOY fla hed up next, a  Troy made a  though to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Cha er Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Moran. One of the Bulgarian Beater , Volkov,  wung hard at a pa ing Bludger with hi   mall club, knocking it into Moran'  path; Moran ducked to avoid the Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Lev ki,  oaring beneath, caught it - “TROY SCORES!” roared Bagman, and the  tadium  huddered with a roar of applau e and cheer . “Ten zero to Ireland!” “What?” Harry yelled, looking wildly around through hi  Omniocular . “But Lev ki'  got the Quaffle!” “Harry, if you're not going to watch at normal  peed, you're going to mi  thing !”  houted Hermione, who wa  dancing up and down, waving her arm  in the air while Troy did a lap of honor around the field. Harry looked quickly over the top of hi  Omniocular  and  aw that the leprechaun  watching from the  ideline  had all ri en into the air again and formed the great, glittering  hamrock. Acro  the field, the veela were watching them  ulkily. Furiou  with him elf, Harry  pun hi   peed dial back to normal a  play re umed. Harry knew enough about Quidditch to  ee that the Iri h Cha er  were  uperb. They worked a  a  eamle  team, their movement   o well coordinated that they appeared to be reading one another'  mind  a  they po itioned them elve , and the ro ette on Harry'  che t kept  queaking their name : “Troy - Mullet - Moran!” And within ten minute , Ireland had  cored twice more, bringing their lead to thirty-zero and cau ing a thunderou  tide of roar  and applau e from the green-clad  upporter . The match became  till fa ter, but more brutal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beater , were whacking the Bludger  a  fiercely a  po ible at the Iri h Cha er , and were  tarting to prevent them from u ing  ome of their be t move ; twice they were forced to  catter, and then, finally, Ivanova managed to break through their rank ; dodge the Keeper, Ryan; and  core Bulgaria'  fir t goal. “Finger  in your ear !” bellowed Mr. Wea ley a  the veela  tarted to dance in celebration. Harry  crewed up hi  eye  too; he wanted to keep hi  mind on the game. After a few  econd , he chanced a glance at the field. The veela had  topped dancing, and Bulgaria wa  again in po e ion of the Quaffle. “Dimitrov! Lev ki! Dimitrov! Ivanova - oh I  ay!” roared Bagman. One hundred thou and wizard  ga ped a  the two Seeker , Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the center of the Cha er ,  o fa t that it looked a  though they had ju t jumped from airplane  without parachute . Harry followed their de cent through hi  Omniocular ,  quinting to  ee where the Snitch wa  - “They're going to cra h!”  creamed Hermione next to Harry. She wa  half right - at the very la t  econd, Viktor Krum pulled out of the dive and  piraled off. Lynch, however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could be heard throughout the  tadium. A huge groan ro e from the Iri h  eat . “Fool!” moaned Mr. Wea ley. “Krum wa  feinting!” “It'  time-out!” yelled Bagman'  voice, “a  trained mediwizard  hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!” “He'll be okay, he only got ploughed!” Charlie  aid rea uringly to Ginny, who wa  hanging over the  ide of the box, looking horror- truck. “Which i  what Krum wa  after, of cour e.…” Harry ha tily pre ed the replay and play-by-play button  on hi  Omniocular , twiddled the  peed dial, and put them back up to hi  eye . He watched a  Krum and Lynch dived again in  low motion. WRONSKI DEFENSIVE FEINT - DANGEROUS SEEKER DIVERSION read the  hining purple lettering acro  hi  len e . He  aw Krum'  face contorted with concentration a  he pulled out of the dive ju t in time, while Lynch wa  flattened, and he under tood - Krum hadn't  een the Snitch at all, he wa  ju t making Lynch copy him. Harry had never  een anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked a  though he wa  u ing a broom tick at all; he moved  o ea ily through the air that he looked un upported and weightle . Harry turned hi  Omniocular  back to normal and focu ed them on Krum. He wa  now circling high above Lynch, who wa  being revived by mediwizard  with cup  of potion. Harry, focu ing  till more clo ely upon Krum'  face,  aw hi  dark eye  darting all over the ground a hundred feet below. He wa  u ing the time while Lynch wa  revived to look for the Snitch without interference. Lynch got to hi  feet at la t, to loud cheer  from the green-clad  upporter , mounted hi  Firebolt, and kicked back off into the air. Hi  revival  eemed to give Ireland new heart. When Mo tafa blew hi  whi tle again, the Cha er  moved into action with a  kill unrivaled by anything Harry had  een  o far. After fifteen more fa t and furiou  minute , Ireland had pulled ahead by ten more goal . They were now leading by one hundred and thirty point  to ten, and the game wa   tarting to get dirtier. A  Mullet  hot toward the goal po t  yet again, clutching the Quaffle tightly under her arm, the Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet her. Whatever happened wa  over  o quickly Harry didn't catch it, but a  cream of rage from the Iri h crowd, and Mo tafa'  long,  hrill whi tle bla t, told him it had been a foul. “And Mo tafa take  the Bulgarian Keeper to ta k for cobbing - exce ive u e of elbow !” Bagman informed the roaring  pectator . “And - ye , it'  a penalty to Ireland!” The leprechaun , who had ri en angrily into the air like a  warm of glittering hornet  when Mullet had been fouled, now darted together to form the word  “HA, HA, HA!” The veela on the other  ide of the field leapt to their feet, to ed their hair angrily, and  tarted to dance again. A  one, the Wea ley boy  and Harry  tuffed their finger  into their ear , but Hermione, who hadn't bothered, wa   oon tugging on Harry'  arm. He turned to look at her, and  he pulled hi  finger  impatiently out of hi  ear . “Look at the referee!”  he  aid, giggling. Harry looked down at the field. Ha an Mo tafa had landed right in front of the dancing veela, and wa  acting very oddly indeed. He wa  flexing hi  mu cle  and  moothing hi  mu tache excitedly. “Now, we can't have that!”  aid Ludo Bagman, though he  ounded highly amu ed. “Somebody  lap the referee!” A mediwizard came tearing acro  the field, hi  finger   tuffed into hi  own ear , and kicked Mo tafa hard in the  hin . Mo tafa  eemed to come to him elf; Harry, watching through the Omniocular  again,  aw that he looked exceptionally embarra ed and had  tarted  houting at the veela, who had  topped dancing and were looking mutinou . “And unle  I'm much mi taken, Mo tafa i  actually attempting to  end off the Bulgarian team ma cot !”  aid Bagman'  voice. "Now there'   omething we haven't  een before…Oh thi  could turn na ty… It did: The Bulgarian Beater , Volkov and Vulchanov, landed on either  ide of Mo tafa and began arguing furiou ly with him, ge ticulating toward the leprechaun , who had now gleefully formed the word  “HEE, HEE, HEE.” Mo tafa wa  not impre ed by the Bulgarian ' argument , however; he wa  jabbing hi  finger into the air, clearly telling them to get flying again, and when they refu ed, he gave two  hort bla t  on hi  whi tle. “Two penaltie  for Ireland!”  houted Bagman, and the Bulgarian crowd howled with anger. “And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on tho e broom …ye …there they go…and Troy take  the Quaffle…” Play now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything they had yet  een. The Beater  on both  ide  were acting without mercy: Volkov and Vulchanov in particular  eemed not to care whether their club  made contact with Bludger or human a  they  wung them violently through the air. Dimitrov  hot  traight at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking her off her broom. “Foul!” roared the Iri h  upporter  a  one, all  tanding up in a great wave of green. “Foul!” echoed Ludo Bagman'  magically magnified voice. “Dimitrov  kin  Moran - deliberately flying to collide there - and it'  got to be another penalty - ye , there'  the whi tle!” The leprechaun  had ri en into the air again, and thi  time, they formed a giant hand, which wa  making a very rude  ign indeed at the veela acro  the field. At thi , the veela lo t control. In tead of dancing, they launched them elve  acro  the field and began throwing what  eemed to be handful  of fire at the leprechaun . Watching through hi  Omniocular , Harry  aw that they didn't look remotely beautiful now. On the contrary, their face  were elongating into  harp, cruel-beaked bird head , and long,  caly wing  were bur ting from their  houlder  - “And that, boy ,” yelled Mr. Wea ley over the tumult of the crowd below, “i  why you  hould never go for look  alone!” Mini try wizard  were flooding onto the field to  eparate the veela and the leprechaun , but with little  ucce ; meanwhile, the pitched battle below wa  nothing to the one taking place above. Harry turned thi  way and that,  taring through hi  Omniocular , a  the Quaffie changed hand  with the  peed of a bullet. “Lev ki - Dimitrov - Moran - Troy - Mullet - Ivanova - Moran again - Moran - MORAN SCORES!” But the cheer  of the Iri h  upporter  were barely heard over the  hriek  of the veela, the bla t  now i uing from the Mini try member ' wand , and the furiou  roar  of the Bulgarian . The game recommenced immediately; now Lev ki had the Quaffle, now Dimitrov - The Iri h Beater Quigley  wung heavily at a pa ing Bludger, and hit it a  hard a  po ible toward Krum, who did not duck quickly enough. It hit him full in the face. There wa  a deafening groan from the crowd; Krum'  no e looked broken, there wa  blood everywhere, but Ha an Mo tafa didn't blow hi  whi tle. He had become di tracted, and Harry couldn't blame him; one of the veela had thrown a handful of fire and  et hi  broom tail alight. Harry wanted  omeone to realize that Krum wa  injured; even though he wa   upporting Ireland, Krum wa  the mo t exciting player on the field. Ron obviou ly felt the  ame. “Time-out! Ah, come on, he can't play like that, look at him -” “Look at Lynch!” Harry yelled. For the Iri h Seeker had  uddenly gone into a dive, and Harry wa  quite  ure that thi  wa  no Wron ki Feint; thi  wa  the real thing… “He'   een the Snitch!” Harry  houted. “He'   een it! Look at him go!” Half the crowd  eemed to have realized what wa  happening; the Iri h  upporter  ro e in another great wave of green,  creaming their Seeker on…but Krum wa  on hi  tail. How he could  ee where he wa  going, Harry had no idea; there were fleck  of blood flying through the air behind him, but he wa  drawing level with Lynch now a  the pair of them hurtled toward the ground again - “They're going to cra h!”  hrieked Hermione. “They're not!” roared Ron. “Lynch i !” yelled Harry. And he wa  right - for the  econd time, Lynch hit the ground with tremendou  force and wa  immediately  tampeded by a horde of angry veela. “The Snitch, where'  the Snitch?” bellowed Charlie, along the row. “He'  got it - Krum'  got it - it'  all over!”  houted Harry. Krum, hi  red robe   hining with blood from hi  no e, wa  ri ing gently into the air, hi  fi t held high, a glint of gold in hi  hand. The  coreboard wa  fla hing BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170 acro  the crowd, who didn't  eem to have realized what had happened. Then,  lowly, a  though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the rumbling from the Ireland  upporter  grew louder and louder and erupted into  cream  of delight. “IRELAND WINS!” Bagman  houted, who like the Iri h,  eemed to be taken aback by the  udden end of the match. “KRUM GETS THE SNITCH - BUT IRELAND WINS - good lord, I don't think any of u  were expecting that!” “What did he catch the Snitch for?” Ron bellowed, even a  he jumped up and down, applauding with hi  hand  over hi  head. “He ended it when Ireland were a hundred and  ixty point  ahead, the idiot!” “He knew they were never going to catch up!” Harry  houted back over all the noi e, al o applauding loudly. "The Iri h Cha er  were too good…He wanted to end it on hi  term , that'  all.… “He wa  very brave, wa n't he?” Hermione  aid, leaning forward to watch Krum land a  a  warm of mediwizard  bla ted a path through the battling leprechaun  and veela to get to him. “He look  a terrible me .…” Harry put hi  Omniocular  to hi  eye  again. It wa  hard to  ee what wa  happening below, becau e leprechaun  were zooming delightedly all over the field, but he could ju t make out Krum,  urrounded by mediwizard . He looked  urlier than ever and refu ed to let them mop him up. Hi  team member  were around him,  haking their head  and looking dejected; a  hort way away, the Iri h player  were dancing gleefully in a  hower of gold de cending from their ma cot . Flag  were waving all over the  tadium, the Iri h national anthem blared from all  ide ; the veela were  hrinking back into their u ual, beautiful  elve  now, though looking di pirited and forlorn. “Vell, ve fought bravely,”  aid a gloomy voice behind Harry. He looked around; it wa  the Bulgarian Mini ter of Magic. “You can  peak Engli h!”  aid Fudge,  ounding outraged. “And you've been letting me mime everything all day!” “Veil, it vo  very funny,”  aid the Bulgarian mini ter,  hrugging. “And a  the Iri h team perform  a lap of honor, flanked by their ma cot , the Quidditch World Cup it elf i  brought into the Top Box!” roared Bagman. Harry'  eye  were  uddenly dazzled by a blinding white light, a  the Top Box wa  magically illuminated  o that everyone in the  tand  could  ee the in ide. Squinting toward the entrance, he  aw two panting wizard  carrying a va t golden cup into the box, which they handed to Corneliu  Fudge, who wa   till looking very di gruntled that he'd been u ing  ign language all day for nothing. “Let'  have a really loud hand for the gallant lo er  - Bulgaria!” Bagman  houted. And up the  tair  into the box came the  even defeated Bulgarian player . The crowd below wa  applauding appreciatively; Harry could  ee thou and  and thou and  of Omniocular len e  fla hing and winking in their direction. One by one, the Bulgarian  filed between the row  of  eat  in the box, and Bagman called out the name of each a  they  hook hand  with their own mini ter and then with Fudge. Krum, who wa  la t in line, looked a real me . Two black eye  were blooming  pectacularly on hi  bloody face. He wa   till holding the Snitch. Harry noticed that he  eemed much le  coordinated on the ground. He wa   lightly duck-footed and di tinctly round- houldered. But when Krum'  name wa  announced, the whole  tadium gave him a re ounding, ear plitting roar. And then came the Iri h team. Aidan Lynch wa  being  upported by Moran and Connolly; the  econd cra h  eemed to have dazed him and hi  eye  looked  trangely unfocu ed. But he grinned happily a  Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered it  approval. Harry'  hand  were numb with clapping. At la t, when the Iri h team had left the box to perform another lap of honor on their broom  (Aidan Lynch on the back of Confolly' , clutching hard around hi  wai t and  till grinning in a bemu ed  ort of way), Bagman pointed hi  wand at hi  throat and muttered, “Quietu .” “They'll be talking about thi  one for year ,” he  aid hoar ely, “a really unexpected twi t, that.… hame it couldn't have la ted longer.…Ah ye …ye , I owe you.…how much?” For Fred and George had ju t  crambled over the back  of their  eat  and were  tanding in front of Ludo Bagman with broad grin  on their face , their hand  out tretched. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER NINE THE DARK MARK “ D on't tell your mother you've been gambling,” Mr. Wea ley implored Fred and George a  they all made their way  lowly down the purple-carpeted  tair . “Don't worry, Dad,”  aid Fred gleefully, “we've got big plan  for thi  money. We don't want it confi cated.” Mr. Wea ley looked for a moment a  though he wa  going to a k what the e big plan  were, but  eemed to decide, upon reflection, that he didn't want to know. They were  oon caught up in the crowd  now flooding out of the  tadium and back to their camp ite . Raucou   inging wa  borne toward them on the night air a  they retraced their  tep  along the lantern-lit path, and leprechaun  kept  hooting over their head , cackling and waving their lantern . When they finally reached the tent , nobody felt like  leeping at all, and given the level of noi e around them, Mr. Wea ley agreed that they could all have one la t cup of cocoa together before turning in. They were  oon arguing enjoyably about the match; Mr. Wea ley got drawn into a di agreement about cobbing with Charlie, and it wa  only when Ginny fell a leep right at the tiny table and  pilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr. Wea ley called a halt to the verbal replay  and in i ted that everyone go to bed. Hermione and Ginny went into the next tent, and Harry and the re t of the Wea ley  changed into pajama  and clambered into their bunk . From the other  ide of the camp ite they could  till hear much  inging and the odd echoing bang. “Oh I am glad I'm not on duty,” muttered Mr. Wea ley  leepily. “I wouldn't fancy having to go and tell the Iri h they've got to  top celebrating.” Harry, who wa  on a top bunk above Ron, lay  taring up at the canva  ceiling of the tent, watching the glow of an occa ional leprechaun lantern flying overhead, and picturing again  ome of Krum'  more  pectacular move . He wa  itching to get back on hi  own Firebolt and try out the Wron ki Feint.…Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to convey with all hi  wriggling diagram  what that move wa   uppo ed to look like.…Harry  aw him elf in robe  that had hi  name on the back, and imagined the  en ation of hearing a hundred-thou and- trong crowd roar, a  Ludo Bagman'  voice echoed throughout the  tadium, “I give you.…Potter!” Harry never knew whether or not he had actually dropped off to  leep - hi  fanta ie  of flying like Krum might well have  lipped into actual dream  - all he knew wa  that, quite  uddenly, Mr. Wea ley wa   houting. “Get up! Ron - Harry - come on now, get up, thi  i  urgent!” Harry  at up quickly and the top of hi  head hit canva . “'S' matter?” he  aid. Dimly, he could tell that  omething wa  wrong. The noi e  in the camp ite had changed. The  inging had  topped. He could hear  cream , and the  ound of people running. He  lipped down from the bunk and reached for hi  clothe , but Mr. Wea ley, who had pulled on hi  jean  over hi  own pajama ,  aid, “No time, Harry - ju t grab a jacket and get out ide - quickly!” Harry did a  he wa  told and hurried out of the tent, Ron at hi  heel . By the light of the few fire  that were  till burning, he could  ee people running away into the wood , fleeing  omething that wa  moving acro  the field toward them,  omething that wa  emitting odd fla he  of light and noi e  like gunfire. Loud jeering, roar  of laughter, and drunken yell  were drifting toward them; then came a bur t of  trong green light, which illuminated the  cene. A crowd of wizard , tightly packed and moving together with wand  pointing  traight upward, wa  marching  lowly acro  the field. Harry  quinted at them.…They didn't  eem to have face .…Then he realized that their head  were hooded and their face  ma ked. High above them, floating along in midair, four  truggling figure  were being contorted into grote que  hape . It wa  a  though the ma ked wizard  on the ground were puppeteer , and the people above them were marionette  operated by invi ible  tring  that ro e from the wand  into the air. Two of the figure  were very  mall. More wizard  were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodie . Tent  crumpled and fell a  the marching crowd  welled. Once or twice Harry  aw one of the marcher  bla t a tent out of hi  way with hi  wand. Several caught fire. The  creaming grew louder. The floating people were  uddenly illuminated a  they pa ed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of them: Mr. Robert , the camp ite manager. The other three looked a  though they might be hi  wife and children. One of the marcher  below flipped Mr . Robert  up ide down with hi  wand; her nightdre  fell down to reveal voluminou  drawer  and  he  truggled to cover her elf up a  the crowd below her  creeched and hooted with glee. “That'   ick,” Ron muttered, watching the  malle t Muggle child, who had begun to  pin like a top,  ixty feet above the ground, hi  head flopping limply from  ide to  ide. “That i  really  ick.…” Hermione and Ginny came hurrying toward them, pulling coat  over their nightdre e , with Mr. Wea ley right behind them. At the  ame moment, Bill, Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boy ' tent, fully dre ed, with their  leeve  rolled up and their wand  out. “We're going to help the Mini try!” Mr. Wea ley  houted over all the noi e, rolling up hi  own  leeve . “You lot - get into the wood , and  tick together. I'll come and fetch you when we've  orted thi  out!” Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already  printing away toward the oncoming marcher ; Mr. Wea ley tore after them. Mini try wizard  were da hing from every direction toward the  ource of the trouble. The crowd beneath the Robert  family wa  coming ever clo er. “C'mon,”  aid Fred, grabbing Ginny'  hand and  tarting to pull her toward the wood. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George followed. They all looked back a  they reached the tree . The crowd beneath the Robert  family wa  larger than ever; they could  ee the Mini try wizard  trying to get through it to the hooded wizard  in the center, but they were having great difficulty. It looked a  though they were  cared to perform any  pell that might make the Robert  family fall. The colored lantern  that had lit the path to the  tadium had been extingui hed. Dark figure  were blundering through the tree ; children were crying; anxiou   hout  and panicked voice  were reverberating around them in the cold night air. Harry felt him elf being pu hed hither and thither by people who e face  he could not  ee. Then he heard Ron yell with pain. “What happened?”  aid Hermione anxiou ly,  topping  o abruptly that Harry walked into her. “Ron, where are you? Oh thi  i   tupid - lumo !” She illuminated her wand and directed it  narrow beam acro  the path. Ron wa  lying  prawled on the ground. “Tripped over a tree root,” he  aid angrily, getting to hi  feet again. “Well, with feet that  ize, hard not to,”  aid a drawling voice from behind them. Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned  harply. Draco Malfoy wa   tanding alone nearby, leaning again t a tree, looking utterly relaxed. Hi  arm  folded, he  eemed to have been watching the  cene at the camp ite through a gap in the tree . Ron told Malfoy to do  omething that Harry knew he would never have dared  ay in front of Mr . Wea ley. “Language, Wea ley,”  aid Malfoy, hi  pale eye  glittering. “Hadn't you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn't like her  potted, would you?” He nodded at Hermione, and at the  ame moment, a bla t like a bomb  ounded from the camp ite, and a fla h of green light momentarily lit the tree  around them. “What'  that  uppo ed to mean?”  aid Hermione defiantly. “Granger, they're after Muggle , ” aid Malfoy. “D'you want to be  howing off your knicker  in midair? Becau e if you do, hang around.…they're moving thi  way, and it would give u  all a laugh.” “Hermione'  a witch,” Harry  narled. “Have it your own way, Potter,”  aid Malfoy, grinning maliciou ly. “If you think they can't  pot a Mudblood,  tay where you are.” “You watch your mouth!”  houted Ron. Everybody pre ent knew that “Mudblood” wa  a very offen ive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage. “Never mind, Ron,”  aid Hermione quickly,  eizing Ron'  arm to re train him a  he took a  tep toward Malfoy. There came a bang from the other  ide of the tree  that wa  louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby  creamed. Malfoy chuckled  oftly. “Scare ea ily, don't they?” he  aid lazily. “I  uppo e your daddy told you all to hide? What'  he up to - trying to re cue the Muggle ?” “Where're your parent ?”  aid Harry, hi  temper ri ing. “Out there wearing ma k , are they?” Malfoy turned hi  face to Harry,  till  miling. “Well…if they were, I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?” “Oh come on,”  aid Hermione, with a di gu ted look at Malfoy, “let'  go and find the other .” “Keep that big bu hy head down, Granger,”  neered Malfoy. “Come on,” Hermione repeated, and  he pulled Harry and Ron up the path again. “I'll bet you anything hi  dad i  one of that ma ked lot!”  aid Ron hotly. “Well, with any luck, the Mini try will catch him!”  aid Hermione fervently. “Oh I can't believe thi . Where have the other  got to?” Fred, George, and Ginny were nowhere to be  een, though the path wa  packed with plenty of other people, all looking nervou ly over their  houlder  toward the commotion back at the camp ite. A huddle of teenager  in pajama  wa  arguing vociferou ly a little way along the path. When they  aw Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and  aid quickly, “Oü e t Madame Maxime? Nou  l'avon  perdue -” “Er - what?”  aid Ron. “Oh…” The girl who had  poken turned her back on him, and a  they walked on they di tinctly heard her  ay, “'Ogwart .” “Beauxbaton ,” muttered Hermione. “Sorry?”  aid Harry. “They mu t go to Beauxbaton ,”  aid Hermione. “You know…Beauxbaton  Academy of Magic.…I read about it in An Apprai al of Magical Education in Europe.” “Oh…yeah…right,”  aid Harry. “Fred and George can't have gone that far,”  aid Ron, pulling out hi  wand, lighting it like Hermione' , and  quinting up the path. Harry dug in the pocket  of hi  jacket for hi  own wand - but it wa n't there. The only thing he could find wa  hi  Omniocular . “Ah, no, I don't believe it…I've lo t my wand!” “You're kidding!” Ron and Hermione rai ed their wand  high enough to  pread the narrow beam  of light farther on the ground; Harry looked all around him, but hi  wand wa  nowhere to be  een. “Maybe it'  back in the tent,”  aid Ron. “Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were running?” Hermione  ugge ted anxiou ly. “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “maybe…” He u ually kept hi  wand with him at all time  in the wizarding world, and finding him elf without it in the mid t of a  cene like thi  made him feel very vulnerable. A ru tling noi e nearby made all three of them jump. Winky the hou e-elf wa  fighting her way out of a clump of bu he  nearby. She wa  moving in a mo t peculiar fa hion, apparently with great difficulty; it wa  a  though  omeone invi ible were trying to hold her back. “There i  bad wizard  about!”  he  queaked di tractedly a   he leaned forward and labored to keep running. “People high - high in the air! Winky i  getting out of the way!” And  he di appeared into the tree  on the other  ide of the path, panting and  queaking a   he fought the force that wa  re training her. “What'  up with her?”  aid Ron, looking curiou ly after Winky. “Why can't  he run properly?” “Bet  he didn't a k permi ion to hide,”  aid Harry. He wa  thinking of Dobby: Every time he had tried to do  omething the Malfoy  wouldn't like, the hou e-elf had been forced to  tart beating him elf up. “You know, hou e-elve  get a very raw deal!”  aid Hermione indignantly. “It'   lavery, that'  what it i ! That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the  tadium, and  he wa  terrified, and he'  got her bewitched  o  he can't even run when they  tart trampling tent ! Why doe n't anyone do  omething about it?” “Well, the elve  are happy, aren't they?” Ron  aid. “You heard old Winky back at the match…'Hou e-elve  i  not  uppo ed to have fun'…that'  what  he like , being bo ed around.…” “It'  people like you, Ron,” Hermione began hotly, “who prop up rotten and unju t  y tem , ju t becau e they're too lazy to -” Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the wood. “Let'  ju t keep moving,  hall we?”  aid Ron, and Harry  aw him glance edgily at Hermione. Perhap  there wa  truth in what Malfoy had  aid; perhap  Hermione wa  in more danger than they were. They  et off again, Harry  till  earching hi  pocket , even though he knew hi  wand wa n't there. They followed the dark path deeper into the wood,  till keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. They pa ed a group of goblin  who were cackling over a  ack of gold that they had undoubtedly won betting on the match, and who  eemed quite unperturbed by the trouble at the camp ite. Farther  till along the path, they walked into a patch of  ilvery light, and when they looked through the tree , they  aw three tall and beautiful veela  tanding in a clearing,  urrounded by a gaggle of young wizard , all of whom were talking very loudly. “I pull down about a hundred  ack  of Galleon  a year!” one of them  houted. “I'm a dragon killer for the Committee for the Di po al of Dangerou  Creature .” “No, you're not!” yelled hi  friend. “You're a di hwa her at the Leaky Cauldron…but I'm a vampire hunter, I've killed about ninety  o far -” A third young wizard, who e pimple  were vi ible even by the dim,  ilvery light of the veela, now cut in, “I'm about to become the younge t ever Mini ter of Magic, I am.” Harry  norted with laughter. He recognized the pimply wizard: Hi  name wa  Stan Shunpike, and he wa  in fact a conductor on the triple-decker Knight Bu . He turned to tell Ron thi , but Ron'  face had gone oddly  lack, and next  econd Ron wa  yelling, “Did I tell you I've invented a broom tick that'll reach Jupiter?” “Hone tly!”  aid Hermione, and  he and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by the arm , wheeled him around, and marched him away. By the time the  ound  of the veela and their admirer  had faded completely, they were in the very heart of the wood. They  eemed to be alone now; everything wa  much quieter. Harry looked around. “I reckon we can ju t wait here, you know. We'll hear anyone coming a mile off.” The word  were hardly out of hi  mouth, when Ludo Bagman emerged from behind a tree right ahead of them. Even by the feeble light of the two wand , Harry could  ee that a great change had come over Bagman. He no longer looked buoyant and ro y-faced; there wa  no more  pring in hi   tep. He looked very white and  trained. “Who'  that?” he  aid, blinking down at them, trying to make out their face . “What are you doing in here, all alone?” They looked at one another,  urpri ed. “Well - there'  a  ort of riot going on,”  aid Ron. Bagman  tared at him. “What?” “At the camp ite… ome people have got hold of a family of Muggle .…” Bagman  wore loudly. “Damn them!” he  aid, looking quite di tracted, and without another word, he Di apparated with a  mall pop! “Not exactly on top of thing , Mr. Bagman, i  he?”  aid Hermione, frowning. “He wa  a great Beater, though,”  aid Ron, leading the way off the path into a  mall clearing, and  itting down on a patch of dry gra  at the foot of a tree. “The Wimbourne Wa p  won the league three time  in a row while he wa  with them.” He took hi   mall figure of Krum out of hi  pocket,  et it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. Like the real Krum, the model wa   lightly duck-footed and round- houldered, much le  impre ive on hi   played feet than on hi  broom tick. Harry wa  li tening for noi e from the camp ite. Everything  eemed much quieter; perhap  the riot wa  over. “I hope the other  are okay,”  aid Hermione after a while. “They'll be fine,”  aid Ron. “Imagine if your dad catche  Luciu  Malfoy,”  aid Harry,  itting down next to Ron and watching the  mall figure of Krum  louching over the fallen leave . “He'  alway   aid he'd like to get  omething on him.” “That'd wipe the  mirk off old Draco'  face, all right,”  aid Ron. “Tho e poor Muggle , though,”  aid Hermione nervou ly. “What if they can't get them down?” “They will,”  aid Ron rea uringly. “They'll find a way.” “Mad, though, to do  omething like that when the whole Mini try of Magic'  out here tonight!”  aid Hermione. “I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they've been drinking, or are they ju t -” But  he broke off abruptly and looked over her  houlder. Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. It  ounded a  though  omeone wa   taggering toward their clearing. They waited, li tening to the  ound  of the uneven  tep  behind the dark tree . But the foot tep  came to a  udden halt. “Hello?” called Harry. There wa   ilence. Harry got to hi  feet and peered around the tree. It wa  too dark to  ee very far, but he could  en e  omebody  tanding ju t beyond the range of hi  vi ion. “Who'  there?” he  aid. And then, without warning, the  ilence wa  rent by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and it uttered, not a panicked  hout, but what  ounded like a  pell. “MORSMORDRE!” And  omething va t, green, and glittering erupted from the patch of darkne  Harry'  eye  had been  truggling to penetrate; it flew up over the treetop  and into the  ky. “What the -?” ga ped Ron a  he  prang to hi  feet again,  taring up at the thing that had appeared. For a  plit  econd, Harry thought it wa  another leprechaun formation. Then he realized that it wa  a colo al  kull, compri ed of what looked like emerald  tar , with a  erpent protruding from it  mouth like a tongue. A  they watched, it ro e higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greeni h  moke, etched again t the black  ky like a new con tellation. Suddenly, the wood all around them erupted with  cream . Harry didn't under tand why, but the only po ible cau e wa  the  udden appearance of the  kull, which had now ri en high enough to illuminate the entire wood like  ome gri ly neon  ign. He  canned the darkne  for the per on who had conjured the  kull, but he couldn't  ee anyone. “Who'  there?” he called again. “Harry, come on, move!” Hermione had  eized the collar of hi  jacket and wa  tugging him backward. “What'  the matter?” Harry  aid,  tartled to  ee her face  o white and terrified. “It'  the Dark Mark, Harry!” Hermione moaned, pulling him a  hard a   he could. “You-Know-Who'   ign!” “Voldemort'  - ?” “Harry, come on!” Harry turned - Ron wa  hurriedly  cooping up hi  miniature Krum - the three of them  tarted acro  the clearing - but before they had taken a few hurried  tep , a  erie  of popping noi e  announced the arrival of twenty wizard , appearing from thin air,  urrounding them. Harry whirled around, and in an in tant, he regi tered one fact: Each of the e wizard  had hi  wand out, and every wand wa  pointing right at him elf, Ron, and Hermione. Without pau ing to think, he yelled, “DUCK!” He  eized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground. “STUPEFY!” roared twenty voice  - there wa  a blinding  erie  of fla he  and Harry felt the hair on hi  head ripple a  though a powerful wind had  wept the clearing. Rai ing hi  head a fraction of an inch he  aw jet  of fiery red light flying over them from the wizard ' wand , cro ing one another, bouncing off tree trunk , rebounding into the darkne  - “Stop!” yelled a voice he recognized. “STOP! That'  my  on!” Harry'  hair  topped blowing about. He rai ed hi  head a little higher. The wizard in front of him had lowered hi  wand. He rolled over and  aw Mr. Wea ley  triding toward them, looking terrified. “Ron - Harry” - hi  voice  ounded  haky - “Hermione - are you all right?” “Out of the way, Arthur,”  aid a cold, curt voice. It wa  Mr. Crouch. He and the other Mini try wizard  were clo ing in on them. Harry got to hi  feet to face them. Mr. Crouch'  face wa  taut with rage. “Which of you did it?” he  napped, hi   harp eye  darting between them. “Which of you conjured the Dark Mark?” “We didn't do that!”  aid Harry, ge turing up at the  kull. “We didn't do anything!”  aid Ron, who wa  rubbing hi  elbow and looking indignantly at hi  father. “What did you want to attack u  for?” “Do not lie,  ir!”  houted Mr. Crouch. Hi  wand wa   till pointing directly at Ron, and hi  eye  were popping - he looked  lightly mad. “You have been di covered at the  cene of the crime!” “Barty,” whi pered a witch in a long woolen dre ing gown, “they're kid , Barty, they'd never have been able to -” “Where did the Mark come from, you three?”  aid Mr. Wea ley quickly. “Over there,”  aid Hermione  hakily, pointing at the place where they had heard the voice. “There wa   omeone behind the tree …they  houted word  - an incantation -” “Oh,  tood over there, did they?”  aid Mr. Crouch, turning hi  popping eye  on Hermione now, di belief etched all over hi  face. “Said an incantation, did they? You  eem very well informed about how that Mark i   ummoned, mi y -” But none of the Mini try wizard  apart from Mr. Crouch  eemed to think it remotely likely that Harry, Ron, or Hermione had conjured the  kull; on the contrary, at Hermione'  word , they had all rai ed their wand  again and were pointing in the direction  he had indicated,  quinting through the dark tree . “We're too late,”  aid the witch in the woolen dre ing gown,  haking her head. “They'll have Di apparated.” “I don't think  o,”  aid a wizard with a  crubby brown beard. It wa  Amo  Diggory, Cedric'  father. “Our Stunner  went right through tho e tree .…There'  a good chance we got them.…” “Amo , be careful!”  aid a few of the wizard  warningly a  Mr. Diggory  quared hi   houlder , rai ed hi  wand, marched acro  the clearing, and di appeared into the darkne . Hermione watched him vani h with her hand  over her mouth. A few  econd  later, they heard Mr. Diggory  hout. “Ye ! We got them! There'   omeone here! Uncon ciou ! It'  - but - blimey…” “You've got  omeone?”  houted Mr. Crouch,  ounding highly di believing. “Who? Who i  it?” They heard  napping twig , the ru tling of leave , and then crunching foot tep  a  Mr. Diggory reemerged from behind the tree . He wa  carrying a tiny, limp figure in hi  arm . Harry recognized the tea towel at once. It wa  Winky. Mr. Crouch did not move or  peak a  Mr. Diggory depo ited hi  elf on the ground at hi  feet. The other Mini try wizard  were all  taring at Mr. Crouch. For a few  econd  Crouch remained tran fixed, hi  eye  blazing in hi  white face a  he  tared down at Winky. Then he appeared to come to life again. “Thi  - cannot - be,” he  aid jerkily. “No -” He moved quickly around Mr. Diggory and  trode off toward the place where he had found Winky. “No point, Mr. Crouch,” Mr. Diggory called after him. “There'  no one el e there.” But Mr. Crouch did not  eem prepared to take hi  word for it. They could hear him moving around and the ru tling of leave  a  he pu hed the bu he  a ide,  earching. “Bit embarra ing,” Mr. Diggory  aid grimly, looking down at Winky'  uncon ciou  form. “Barty Crouch'  hou e-elf.…I mean to  ay…” “Come off it, Amo ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quietly, “you don't  eriou ly think it wa  the elf? The Dark Mark'  a wizard'   ign. It require  a wand.” “Yeah,”  aid Mr. Diggory, “and  he had a wand.” “What?”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Here, look.” Mr. Diggory held up a wand and  howed it to Mr. Wea ley. “Had it in her hand. So that'  clau e three of the Code of Wand U e broken, for a  tart. No non-human creature i  permitted to carry or u e a wand.” Ju t then there wa  another pop, and Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr. Wea ley. Looking breathle  and di orientated, he  pun on the  pot, goggling upward at the emerald-green  kull. “The Dark Mark!” he panted, almo t trampling Winky a  he turned inquiringly to hi  colleague . “Who did it? Did you get them? Barry! What'  going on?” Mr. Crouch had returned empty-handed. Hi  face wa   till gho tly white, and hi  hand  and hi  toothbru h mu tache were both twitching. “Where have you been, Barty?”  aid Bagman. “Why weren't you at the match? Your elf wa   aving you a  eat too - gulping gargoyle !” Bagman had ju t noticed Winky lying at hi  feet. “What happened to her?” “I have been bu y, Ludo,”  aid Mr. Crouch,  till talking in the  ame jerky fa hion, barely moving hi  lip . “And my elf ha  been  tunned.” “Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why -?” Comprehen ion dawned  uddenly on Bagman'  round,  hiny face; he looked up at the  kull, down at Winky, and then at Mr. Crouch. “No!” he  aid. “Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? She wouldn't know how! She'd need a wand, for a  tart!” “And  he had one,”  aid Mr. Diggory. “I found her holding one, Ludo. If it'  all right with you, Mr. Crouch, I think we  hould hear what  he'  got to  ay for her elf.” Crouch gave no  ign that he had heard Mr. Diggory, but Mr. Diggory  eemed to take hi   ilence for a ent. He rai ed hi  own wand, pointed it at Winky, and  aid, “Ennervate!” Winky  tirred feebly. Her great brown eye  opened and  he blinked  everal time  in a bemu ed  ort of way. Watched by the  ilent wizard ,  he rai ed her elf  hakily into a  itting po ition. She caught  ight of Mr. Diggory'  feet, and  lowly, tremulou ly, rai ed her eye  to  tare up into hi  face; then, more  lowly  till,  he looked up into the  ky. Harry could  ee the floating  kull reflected twice in her enormou , gla y eye . She gave a ga p, looked wildly around the crowded clearing, and bur t into terrified  ob . “Elf!”  aid Mr. Diggory  ternly. “Do you know who I am? I'm a member of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature !” Winky began to rock backward and forward on the ground, her breath coming in  harp bur t . Harry wa  reminded forcibly of Dobby in hi  moment  of terrified di obedience. “A  you  ee, elf, the Dark Mark wa  conjured here a  hort while ago,”  aid Mr. Diggory. “And you were di covered moment  later, right beneath it! An explanation, if you plea e!” “I - I - I i  not doing it,  ir!” Winky ga ped. “I i  not knowing how,  ir!” “You were found with a wand in your hand!” barked Mr. Diggory, brandi hing it in front of her. And a  the wand caught the green light that wa  filling the clearing from the  kull above, Harry recognized it “Hey - that'  mine!” he  aid Everyone in the clearing looked at him. “Excu e me?”  aid Mr. Diggory, incredulou ly. “That'  my wand!”  aid Harry. “I dropped it!” “You dropped it?” repeated Mr. Diggory in di belief. “I  thi  a confe ion? You threw it a ide after you conjured the Mark?” “Amo , think who you're talking to!”  aid Mr. Wea ley, very angrily. “I  Harry Potter likely to conjure the Dark Mark?” “Er - of cour e not,” mumbled Mr. Diggory. “Sorry…carried away…” “I didn't drop it there, anyway,”  aid Harry, jerking hi  thumb toward the tree  beneath the  kull. “I mi ed it right after we got into the wood.” “So,”  aid Mr. Diggory, hi  eye  hardening a  he turned to look at Winky again, cowering at hi  feet. “You found thi  wand, eh, elf? And you picked it up and thought you'd have  ome fun with it, did you?” “I i  not doing magic with it,  ir!”  quealed Winky, tear   treaming down the  ide  of her  qua hed and bulbou  no e. “I i …I i …I i  ju t picking it up,  ir! I i  not making the Dark Mark,  ir, I i  not knowing how!” “It wa n't her!”  aid Hermione. She looked very nervou ,  peaking up in front of all the e Mini try wizard , yet determined all the  ame. “Winky'  got a  queaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the incantation wa  much deeper!” She looked around at Harry and Ron, appealing for their  upport. “It didn't  ound anything like Winky, did it?” “No,”  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. “It definitely didn't  ound like an elf.” “Yeah, it wa  a human voice,”  aid Ron. “Well, we'll  oon  ee,” growled Mr. Diggory, looking unimpre ed. “There'  a  imple way of di covering the la t  pell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?” Winky trembled and  hook her head frantically, her ear  flapping, a  Mr. Diggory rai ed hi  own wand again and placed it tip to tip with Harry' . “Prior Incantato!” roared Mr. Diggory. Harry heard Hermione ga p, horrified, a  a gigantic  erpent-tongued  kull erupted from the point where the two wand  met, but it wa  a mere  hadow of the green  kull high above them; it looked a  though it were made of thick gray  moke: the gho t of a  pell. “Deletriu !” Mr. Diggory  houted, and the  moky  kull vani hed in a wi p of  moke. “So,”  aid Mr. Diggory with a kind of  avage triumph, looking down upon Winky, who wa   till  haking convul ively. “I i  not doing it!”  he  quealed, her eye  rolling in terror. “I i  not, I i  not, I i  not knowing how! I i  a good elf, I i n't u ing wand , I i n't knowing how!” “You've been caught red-handed, elf!” Mr. Diggory roared. “Caught with the guilty wand in your hand!” “Amo ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley loudly, “think about it…preciou  few wizard  know how to do that  pell.…Where would  he have learned it?” “Perhap  Amo  i   ugge ting,”  aid Mr. Crouch, cold anger in every  yllable, “that I routinely teach my  ervant  to conjure the Dark Mark?” There wa  a deeply unplea ant  ilence. Amo  Diggory looked horrified. "Mr. Crouch…not…not at all. “You have now come very clo e to accu ing the two people in thi  clearing who are lea t likely to conjure that Mark!” barked Mr. Crouch. “Harry Potter - and my elf. I  uppo e you are familiar with the boy'   tory, Amo ?” “Of cour e - everyone know  -” muttered Mr. Diggory, looking highly di comforted. “And I tru t you remember the many proof  I have given, over a long career, that I de pi e and dete t the Dark Art  and tho e who practice them?” Mr. Crouch  houted, hi  eye  bulging again. “Mr. Crouch, I - I never  ugge ted you had anything to do with it!” Amo  Diggory muttered again, now reddening behind hi   crubby brown beard. “If you accu e my elf, you accu e me, Diggory!”  houted Mr. Crouch. “Where el e would  he have learned to conjure it?” “She -  he might've picked it up anywhere -” “Preci ely, Amo ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “She might have picked it up anywhere.…Winky?” he  aid kindly, turning to the elf, but  he flinched a  though he too wa   houting at her. “Where exactly did you find Harry'  wand?” Winky wa  twi ting the hem of her tea towel  o violently that it wa  fraying beneath her finger . “I - I i  finding it…finding it there,  ir…”  he whi pered, "there…in the tree ,  ir. “You  ee, Amo ?”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Whoever conjured the Mark could have Di apparated right after they'd done it, leaving Harry'  wand behind. A clever thing to do, not u ing their own wand, which could have betrayed them. And Winky here had the mi fortune to come acro  the wand moment  later and pick it up.” “But then,  he'd have been only a few feet away from the real culprit!”  aid Mr. Diggory impatiently. “Elf? Did you  ee anyone?” Winky began to tremble wor e than ever. Her giant eye  flickered from Mr. Diggory, to Ludo Bagman, and onto Mr. Crouch. Then  he gulped and  aid, “I i   eeing no one,  ir…no one…” “Amo ,”  aid Mr. Crouch curtly, “I am fully aware that, in the ordinary cour e of event , you would want to take Winky into your department for que tioning. I a k you, however, to allow me to deal with her.” Mr. Diggory looked a  though he didn't think much of thi   ugge tion at all, but it wa  clear to Harry that Mr. Crouch wa   uch an important member of the Mini try that he did not dare refu e him. “You may re t a ured that  he will be puni hed,” Mr. Crouch added coldly. “M-m-ma ter…” Winky  tammered, looking up at Mr. Crouch, her eye  brimming with tear . “M-m-ma ter, p-p-plea e…” Mr. Crouch  tared back, hi  face  omehow  harpened, each line upon it more deeply etched. There wa  no pity in hi  gaze. “Winky ha  behaved tonight in a manner I would not have believed po ible,” he  aid  lowly. “I told her to remain in the tent. I told her to  tay there while I went to  ort out the trouble. And I find that  he di obeyed me. Thi  mean  clothe .” “No!”  hrieked Winky, pro trating her elf at Mr. Crouch'  feet. “No, ma ter! Not clothe , not clothe !” Harry knew that the only way to turn a hou e-elf free wa  to pre ent it with proper garment . It wa  pitiful to  ee the way Winky clutched at her tea towel a   he  obbed over Mr. Crouch'  feet. “But  he wa  frightened!” Hermione bur t out angrily, glaring at Mr. Crouch. “Your elf'   cared of height , and tho e wizard  in ma k  were levitating people! You can't blame her for wanting to get out of their way!” Mr. Crouch took a  tep backward, freeing him elf from contact with the elf, whom he wa   urveying a  though  he were  omething filthy and rotten that wa  contaminating hi  over- hined  hoe . “I have no u e for a hou e-elf who di obey  me,” he  aid coldly, looking over at Hermione. “I have no u e for a  ervant who forget  what i  due to her ma ter, and to her ma ter'  reputation.” Winky wa  crying  o hard that her  ob  echoed around the clearing. There wa  a very na ty  ilence, which wa  ended by Mr. Wea ley, who  aid quietly, “Well, I think I'll take my lot back to the tent, if nobody'  got any objection . Amo , that wand'  told u  all it can - if Harry could have it back, plea e -” Mr. Diggory handed Harry hi  wand and Harry pocketed it. “Come on, you three,” Mr. Wea ley  aid quietly. But Hermione didn't  eem to want to move; her eye  were  till upon the  obbing elf. “Hermione!” Mr. Wea ley  aid, more urgently. She turned and followed Harry and Ron out of the clearing and off through the tree . “What'  going to happen to Winky?”  aid Hermione, the moment they had left the clearing. “I don't know,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “The way they were treating her!”  aid Hermione furiou ly. “Mr. Diggory, calling her 'elf' all the time…and Mr. Crouch! He know   he didn't do it and he'   till going to  ack her! He didn't care how frightened  he'd been, or how up et  he wa  - it wa  like  he wa n't even human!” “Well,  he'  not,”  aid Ron. Hermione rounded on him. “That doe n't mean  he ha n't got feeling , Ron. It'  di gu ting the way -” “Hermione, I agree with you,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quickly, beckoning her on, “but now i  not the time to di cu  elf right . I want to get back to the tent a  fa t a  we can. What happened to the other ?” “We lo t them in the dark,”  aid Ron. “Dad, why wa  everyone  o uptight about that  kull thing?” “I'll explain everything back at the tent,”  aid Mr. Wea ley ten ely. But when they reached the edge of the wood, their progre  wa  impeded. A large crowd of frightened-looking witche  and wizard  wa  congregated there, and when they  aw Mr. Wea ley coming toward them, many of them  urged forward. “What'  going on in there?” “Who conjured it?” “Arthur - it'  not - Him?” “Of cour e it'  not Him,”  aid Mr. Wea ley impatiently. “We don't know who it wa ; it look  like they Di apparated. Now excu e me, plea e, I want to get to bed.” He led Harry, Ron, and Hermione through the crowd and back into the camp ite. All wa  quiet now; there wa  no  ign of the ma ked wizard , though  everal ruined tent  were  till  moking. Charlie'  head wa  poking out of the boy ' tent. “Dad, what'  going on?” he called through the dark. “Fred, George, and Ginny got back okay, but the other  -” “I've got them here,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, bending down and entering the tent. Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered after him. Bill wa   itting at the  mall kitchen table, holding a bed heet to hi  arm, which wa  bleeding profu ely. Charlie had a large rip in hi   hirt, and Percy wa   porting a bloody no e. Fred, George, and Ginny looked unhurt, though  haken. “Did you get them, Dad?”  aid Bill  harply. “The per on who conjured the Mark?” “No,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “We found Barry Crouch'  elf holding Harry'  wand, but we're none the wi er about who actually conured the Mark.” “What?”  aid Bill, Charlie, and Percy together. “Harry'  wand?”  aid Fred. “Mr. Crouch'  elf?”  aid Percy,  ounding thunder truck. With  ome a i tance from Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Mr. Wea ley explained what had happened in the wood . When they had fini hed their  tory, Percy  welled indignantly. “Well, Mr. Crouch i  quite right to get rid of an elf like that!” he  aid. “Running away when he'd expre ly told her not to…embarra ing him in front of the whole Mini try…how would that have looked, if  he'd been brought up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control -” “She didn't do anything -  he wa  ju t in the wrong place at the wrong time!” Hermione  napped at Percy, who looked very taken aback. Hermione had alway  got on fairly well with Percy - better, indeed, than any of the other . “Hermione, a wizard in Mr. Crouch'  po ition can't afford a hou e-elf who'  going to run amok with a wand!”  aid Percy pompou ly, recovering him elf. “She didn't run amok!”  houted Hermione. “She ju t picked it up off the ground!” “Look, can  omeone ju t explain what that  kull thing wa ?”  aid Ron impatiently. “It wa n't hurting anyone.…Why'  it  uch a big deal?” “I told you, it'  You-Know-Who'   ymbol, Ron,”  aid Hermione, before anyone el e could an wer. “I read about it in The Ri e and Fall of the Dark Art .” “And it ha n't been  een for thirteen year ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quietly. “Of cour e people panicked…it wa  almo t like  eeing You-Know-Who back again.” “I don't get it,”  aid Ron, frowning. “I mean…it'   till only a  hape in the  ky…” “Ron, You-Know-Who and hi  follower   ent the Dark Mark into the air whenever they killed,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “The terror it in pired…you have no idea, you're too young. Ju t picture coming home and finding the Dark Mark hovering over your hou e, and knowing what you're about to find in ide.…” Mr. Wea ley winced. “Everyone'  wor t fear…the very wor t…” There wa   ilence for a moment. Then Bill, removing the  heet from hi  arm to check on hi  cut,  aid, “Well, it didn't help u  tonight, whoever conjured it. It  cared the Death Eater  away the moment they  aw it. They all Di apparated before we'd got near enough to unma k any of them. We caught the Robert e  before they hit the ground, though. They're having their memorie  modified right now.” “Death Eater ?”  aid Harry. “What are Death Eater ?” “It'  what You-Know-Who'   upporter  called them elve ,”  aid Bill. “I think we  aw what'  left of them tonight - the one  who managed to keep them elve  out of Azkaban, anyway.” “We can't prove it wa  them, Bill,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Though it probably wa ,” he added hopele ly. “Yeah, I bet it wa !”  aid Ron  uddenly . “Dad, we met Draco Malfoy in the wood , and he a  good a  told u  hi  dad wa  one of tho e nutter  in ma k ! And we all know the Malfoy  were right in with You-Know-Who!” “But what were Voldemort'   upporter  -” Harry began. Everybody flinched - like mo t of the wizarding world, the Wea ley  alway  avoided  aying Voldemort'  name. “Sorry,”  aid Harry quickly. “What were You-Know-Who'   upporter  up to, levitating Muggle ? I mean, what wa  the point?” “The point?”  aid Mr. Wea ley with a hollow laugh. “Harry, that'  their idea of fun. Half the Muggle killing  back when You-Know-Who wa  in power were done for fun. I  uppo e they had a few drink  tonight and couldn't re i t reminding u  all that lot  of them are  till at large. A nice little reunion for them,” he fini hed di gu tedly. “But if they were the Death Eater , why did they Di apparate when they  aw the Dark Mark?”  aid Ron. “They'd have been plea ed to  ee it, wouldn't they?” “U e your brain , Ron,”  aid Bill. “If they really were Death Eater , they worked very hard to keep out of Azkaban when You-Know-Who lo t power, and told all  ort  of lie  about him forcing them to kill and torture people. I bet they'd be even more frightened than the re t of u  to  ee him come back. They denied they'd ever been involved with him when he lo t hi  power , and went back to their daily live .…I don't reckon he'd be over-plea ed with them, do you?” “So…whoever conjured the Dark Mark…”  aid Hermione  lowly, “were they doing it to  how  upport for the Death Eater , or to  care them away?” “Your gue  i  a  good a  our , Hermione,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “But I'll tell you thi …it wa  only the Death Eater  who ever knew how to conjure it. I'd be very  urpri ed if the per on who did it hadn't been a Death Eater once, even if they're not now.…Li ten, it'  very late, and if your mother hear  what'  happened  he'll be worried  ick. We'll get a few more hour   leep and then try and get an early Portkey out of here.” Harry got back into hi  bunk with hi  head buzzing. He knew he ought to feel exhau ted: It wa  nearly three in the morning, but he felt wide-awake - wide-awake, and worried. Three day  ago - it felt like much longer, but it had only been three day  - he had awoken with hi   car burning. And tonight, for the fir t time in thirteen year , Lord Voldemort'  mark had appeared in the  ky. What did the e thing  mean? He thought of the letter he had written to Siriu  before leaving Privet Drive. Would Siriu  have gotten it yet? When would he reply? Harry lay looking up at the canva , but no flying fanta ie  came to him now to ea e him to  leep, and it wa  a long time after Charlie'   nore  filled the tent that Harry finally dozed off. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TEN MAYHEM AT THE MINISTRY M r. Wea ley woke them after only a few hour   leep. He u ed magic to pack up the tent , and they left the camp ite a  quickly a  po ible, pa ing Mr. Robert  at the door of hi  cottage. Mr. Robert  had a  trange, dazed look about him, and he waved them off with a vague “Merry Chri tma .” “He'll be all right,”  aid Mr. Wea ley quietly a  they marched off onto the moor. “Sometime , when a per on'  memory'  modified, it make  him a bit di orientated for a while…and that wa  a big thing they had to make him forget.” They heard urgent voice  a  they approached the  pot where the Portkey  lay, and when they reached it, they found a great number of witche  and wizard  gathered around Ba il, the keeper of the Portkey , all clamoring to get away from the camp ite a  quickly a  po ible. Mr. Wea ley had a hurried di cu ion with Ba il; they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoat head Hill before the  un had really ri en. They walked back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little becau e they were  o exhau ted, and thinking longingly of their breakfa t. A  they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane. “Oh thank goodne , thank goodne !” Mr . Wea ley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running toward them,  till wearing her bedroom  lipper , her face pale and  trained, a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand. “Arthur - I've been  o worried -  o worried -” She flung her arm  around Mr. Wea ley'  neck, and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down, Harry  aw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, complete with a twinkling black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetop . “You're all right,” Mr . Wea ley muttered di tractedly, relea ing Mr. Wea ley and  taring around at them all with red eye , “you're alive.…Oh boy …” And to everybody'   urpri e,  he  eized Fred and George and pulled them both into  uch a tight hug that their head  banged together. “Ouch! Mum - you're  trangling u  -” “I  houted at you before you left!” Mr . Wea ley  aid,  tarting to  ob. “It'  all I've been thinking about! What if You-Know-Who had got you, and the la t thing I ever  aid to you wa  that you didn't get enough OW.L. ? Oh Fred…George…” “Come on, now, Molly, we're all perfectly okay,”  aid Mr. Wea ley  oothingly, pri ing her off the twin  and leading her back toward the hou e. “Bill,” he added in an undertone, “pick up that paper, I want to  ee what it  ay …” When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mr . Wea ley a cup of very  trong tea, into which Mr. Wea ley in i ted on pouring a  hot of Ogden  Old Firewhi key, Bill handed hi  father the new paper. Mr. Wea ley  canned the front page while Percy looked over hi   houlder. “I knew it,”  aid Mr. Wea ley heavily. “Mini try blunder …culprit  not apprehended…lax  ecurity…Dark wizard  running unchecked…national di grace.…Who wrote thi ? Ah…of cour e…Rita Skeeter.” “That woman'  got it in for the Mini try of Magic!”  aid Percy furiou ly. “La t week  he wa   aying we're wa ting our time quibbling about cauldron thickne , when we  hould be  tamping out vampire ! A  if it wa n't  pecifically  tated in paragraph twelve of the Guideline  for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Human  -” “Do u  a favor, Perce,”  aid Bill, yawning, “and  hut up.” “I'm mentioned,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, hi  eye  widening behind hi  gla e  a  he reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article. “Where?”  pluttered Mr . Wea ley, choking on her tea and whi key. “If I'd  een that, I'd have known you were alive!” “Not by name,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Li ten to thi : 'If the terrified wizard  and witche  who waited breathle ly for new  at the edge of the wood expected rea urance from the Mini try of Magic, they were  adly di appointed. A Mini try official emerged  ome time after the appearance of the Dark Mark alleging that nobody had been hurt, but refu ing to give any more information. Whether thi   tatement will be enough to qua h the rumor  that  everal bodie  were removed from the wood  an hour later, remain  to be  een.'.Oh really,”  aid Mr. Wea ley in exa peration, handing the paper to Percy. “Nobody wa  hurt. What wa  I  uppo ed to  ay? Rumor  that  everal bodie  were removed from the wood …well, there certainly will be rumor  now  he'  printed that.” He heaved a deep  igh. “Molly, I'm going to have to go into the office; thi  i  going to take  ome  moothing over.” “I'll come with you, Father,”  aid Percy importantly. “Mr. Crouch will need all hand  on deck. And I can give him my cauldron report in per on.” He bu tled out of the kitchen. Mr . Wea ley looked mo t up et. “Arthur, you're  uppo ed to be on holiday! Thi  ha n't got anything to do with your office;  urely they can handle thi  without you?” “I've got to go, Molly,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “I've made thing  wor e. I'll ju t change into my robe  and I'll be off.…” “Mr . Wea ley,”  aid Harry  uddenly, unable to contain him elf, “Hedwig ha n't arrived with a letter for me, ha   he?” “Hedwig, dear?”  aid Mr . Wea ley di tractedly. “No…no, there ha n't been any po t at all.” Ron and Hermione looked curiou ly at Harry. With a meaningful look at both of them he  aid, “All right if I go and dump my  tuff in your room, Ron?” “Yeah…think I will too,”  aid Ron at once. “Hermione?” “Ye ,”  he  aid quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the  tair . “What'  up, Harry?”  aid Ron, the moment they had clo ed the door of the attic room behind them. “There'   omething I haven't told you,” Harry  aid. “On Saturday morning, I woke up with my  car hurting again.” Ron'  and Hermione'  reaction  were almo t exactly a  Harry had imagined them back in hi  bedroom on Privet Drive. Hermione ga ped and  tarted making  ugge tion  at once, mentioning a number of reference book , and everybody from Albu  Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwart  nur e. Ron  imply looked dumb truck. “But - he wa n't there, wa  he? You-Know-Who? I mean - la t time your  car kept hurting, he wa  at Hogwart , wa n't he?” “I'm  ure he wa n't on Privet Drive,”  aid Harry. “But I wa  dreaming about him…him and Peter - you know, Wormtail. I can't remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill… omeone.” He had teetered for a moment on the verge of  aying “me,” but couldn't bring him elf to make Hermione look any more horrified than  he already did. “It wa  only a dream,”  aid Ron bracingly. “Ju t a nightmare.” “Yeah, but wa  it, though?”  aid Harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening  ky. “It'  weird, i n't it?…My  car hurt , and three day  later the Death Eater  are on the march, and Voldemort'   ign'  up in the  ky again.” “Don't -  ay - hi  - name!” Ron hi ed through gritted teeth. “And remember what Profe or Trelawney  aid?” Harry went on, ignoring Ron. “At the end of la t year?” Profe or Trelawney wa  their Divination teacher at Hogwart . Hermione'  terrified look vani hed a   he let out a deri ive  nort. “Oh Harry, you aren't going to pay attention to anything that old fraud  ay ?” “You weren't there,”  aid Harry. “You didn't hear her. Thi  time wa  different. I told you,  he went into a trance - a real one. And  he  aid the Dark Lord would ri e again…greater and more terrible than ever before…and he'd manage it becau e hi   ervant wa  going to go back to him…and that night Wormtail e caped.” There wa  a  ilence in which Ron fidgeted ab entmindedly with a hole in hi  Chudley Cannon  bed pread. “Why were you a king if Hedwig had come, Harry?” Hermione a ked. “Are you expecting a letter?” “I told Siriu  about my  car,”  aid Harry,  hrugging. “I'm waiting for hi  an wer.” “Good thinking!”  aid Ron, hi  expre ion clearing. “I bet Siriu 'll know what to do!” “I hoped he'd get back to me quickly,”  aid Harry. “But we don't know where Siriu  i …he could be in Africa or  omewhere, couldn't he?”  aid Hermione rea onably. “Hedwig'  not going to manage that journey in a few day .” “Yeah, I know,”  aid Harry, but there wa  a leaden feeling in hi   tomach a  he looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free  ky. “Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry”  aid Ron. “Come on - three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play.…You can try out the Wron ki Feint.…” “Ron,”  aid Hermione, in an I-don't-think-you're-being-very- en itive  ort of voice, “Harry doe n't want to play Quidditch right now.…He'  worried, and he'  tired.…We all need to go to bed…” “Yeah, I want to play Quidditch,”  aid Harry  uddenly. “Hang on, I'll get my Firebolt.” Hermione left the room, muttering  omething that  ounded very much like “Boy .” Neither Mr. Wea ley nor Percy wa  at home much over the following week. Both left the hou e each morning before the re t of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night. “It'  been an ab olute uproar,” Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before they were due to return to Hogwart . “I've been putting out fire  all week. People keep  ending Howler , and of cour e, if you don't open a Howler  traight away, it explode . Scorch mark  all over my de k and my be t quill reduced to cinder .” “Why are they all  ending Howler ?” a ked Ginny, who wa  mending her copy of One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire. “Complaining about  ecurity at the World Cup,”  aid Percy. “They want compen ation for their ruined property. Mundungu  Fletcher'  put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en- uite Jacuzzi, but I've got hi  number. I know for a fact he wa   leeping under a cloak propped on  tick .” Mr . Wea ley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked thi  clock. It wa  completely u ele  if you wanted to know the time, but otherwi e very informative. It had nine golden hand , and each of them wa  engraved with one of the Wea ley family'  name . There were no numeral  around the face, but de cription  of where each family member might be. “Home,” “ chool,” and “work” were there, but there wa  al o “traveling,” “lo t,” “ho pital,” “pri on,” and, in the po ition where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, “mortal peril.” Eight of the hand  were currently pointing to the “home” po ition, but Mr. Wea ley' , which wa  the longe t, wa   till pointing to “work.” Mr . Wea ley  ighed. “Your father ha n't had to go into the office on weekend   ince the day  of You-Know-Who,”  he  aid. “They're working him far too hard. Hi  dinner'  going to be ruined if he doe n't come home  oon.” “Well, Father feel  he'  got to make up for hi  mi take at the match, doe n't he?”  aid Percy. “If truth be told, he wa  a tad unwi e to make a public  tatement without clearing it with hi  Head of Department fir t -” “Don't you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, flaring up at once. “If Dad hadn't  aid anything, old Rita would ju t have  aid it wa  di graceful that nobody from the Mini try had commented,”  aid Bill, who wa  playing che  with Ron. “Rita Skeeter never make  anyone look good. Remember,  he interviewed all the Gringott ' Charm Breaker  once, and called me 'a long-haired pillock'?” “Well, it i  a bit long, dear,”  aid Mr . Wea ley gently. “If you'd ju t let me -” “No, Mum.” Rain la hed again t the living room window. Hermione wa  immer ed in The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 4, copie  of which Mr . Wea ley had bought for her, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley. Charlie wa  darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry wa  poli hing hi  Firebolt, the broom tick  ervicing kit Hermione had given him for hi  thirteenth birthday open at hi  feet. Fred and George were  itting in a far corner, quill  out, talking in whi per , their head  bent over a piece of parchment. “What are you two up to?”  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply, her eye  on the twin . “Homework,”  aid Fred vaguely. “Don't be ridiculou , you're  till on holiday,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Yeah, we've left it a bit late,”  aid George. “You're not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you?”  aid Mr . Wea ley  hrewdly. “You wouldn't be thinking of re tarting Wea ley ' Wizard Wheeze , by any chance?” “Now, Mum,”  aid Fred, looking up at her, a pained look on hi  face. “If the Hogwart  Expre  cra hed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel to know that the la t thing we ever heard from you wa  an unfounded accu ation?” Everyone laughed, even Mr . Wea ley. “Oh your father'  coming!”  he  aid  uddenly, looking up at the clock again. Mr. Wea ley'  hand had  uddenly  pun from “work” to “traveling”; a  econd later it had  huddered to a halt on “home” with the other , and they heard him calling from the kitchen. “Coming, Arthur!” called Mr . Wea ley, hurrying out of the room. A few moment  later, Mr. Wea ley came into the warm living room carrying hi  dinner on a tray. He looked completely exhau ted. “Well, the fat'  really in the fire now,” he told Mr . Wea ley a  he  at down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthu ia tically with hi   omewhat  hriveled cauliflower. “Rita Skeeter'  been ferreting around all week, looking for more Mini try me -up  to report. And now  he'  found out about poor old Bertha going mi ing,  o that'll be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman he  hould have  ent  omeone to look for her age  ago.” “Mr. Crouch ha  been  aying it for week  and week ,”  aid Percy  wiftly. “Crouch i  very lucky Rita ha n't found out about Winky,”  aid Mr. Wea ley irritably. “There'd be a week'  worth of headline  in hi  hou e-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.” “I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irre pon ible, did not conjure the Mark?”  aid Percy hotly. “If you a k me, Mr. Crouch i  very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet know  how mean he i  to elve !”  aid Hermione angrily. “Now look here, Hermione!”  aid Percy. “A high-ranking Mini try official like Mr. Crouch de erve  un werving obedience from hi   ervant  -” “Hi   lave, you mean!”  aid Hermione, her voice ri ing pa ionately, “becau e he didn't pay Winky, did he?” “I think you'd all better go up tair  and check that you've packed properly!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, breaking up the argument. “Come on now, all of you.…” Harry repacked hi  broom tick  ervicing kit, put hi  Firebolt over hi   houlder, and went back up tair  with Ron. The rain  ounded even louder at the top of the hou e, accompanied by loud whi tling  and moan  from the wind, not to mention  poradic howl  from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around hi  cage when they entered. The  ight of the half-packed trunk   eemed to have  ent him into a frenzy of excitement. “Bung him  ome Owl Treat ,”  aid Ron, throwing a packet acro  to Harry. “It might  hut him up.” Harry poked a few Owl Treat  through the bar  of Pigwidgeon'  cage, then turned to hi  trunk. Hedwig'  cage  tood next to it,  till empty. “It'  been over a week,” Harry  aid, looking at Hedwig'  de erted perch. “Ron, you don't reckon Siriu  ha  been caught, do you?” “Nah, it would've been in the Daily Prophet,”  aid Ron. “The Mini try would want to  how they'd caught  omeone, wouldn't they?” “Yeah, I  uppo e.…” “Look, here'  the  tuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And  he'  got  ome gold out of your vault for you…and  he'  wa hed all your  ock .” He heaved a pile of parcel  onto Harry'  camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of  ock  next to it. Harry  tarted unwrapping the  hopping. Apart from The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 4, by Miranda Go hawk, he had a handful of new quill , a dozen roll  of parchment, and refill  for hi  potion-making kit - he had been running low on  pine of lionfi h and e ence of belladonna. He wa  ju t piling underwear into hi  cauldron when Ron made a loud noi e of di gu t behind him. “What i  that  uppo ed to be?” He wa  holding up  omething that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dre . It had a moldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuff . There wa  a knock on the door, and Mr . Wea ley entered, carrying an armful of fre hly laundered Hogwart  robe . “Here you are,”  he  aid,  orting them into two pile . “Now, mind you pack them properly  o they don't crea e.” “Mum, you've given me Ginny'  new dre ,”  aid Ron, handing it out to her. “Of cour e I haven't,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “That'  for you. Dre  robe .” “What?”  aid Ron, looking horror- truck. “Dre  robe !” repeated Mr . Wea ley. “It  ay  on your  chool li t that you're  uppo ed to have dre  robe  thi  year…robe  for formal occa ion .” “You've got to be kidding,”  aid Ron in di belief. “I'm not wearing that, no way.” “Everyone wear  them, Ron!”  aid Mr . Wea ley cro ly. “They're all like that! Your father'  got  ome for  mart partie !” “I'll go  tarker  before I put that on,”  aid Ron  tubbornly. “Don't be  o  illy,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “You've got to have dre  robe , they're on your li t! I got  ome for Harry too… how him, Harry.…” In  ome trepidation, Harry opened the la t parcel on hi  camp bed. It wa n't a  bad a  he had expected, however; hi  dre  robe  didn't have any lace on them at all - in fact, they were more or le  the  ame a  hi   chool one , except that they were bottle green in tead of black. “I thought they'd bring out the color of your eye , dear,”  aid Mr . Wea ley fondly. “Well, they're okay!”  aid Ron angrily, looking at Harry'  robe . “Why couldn't I have  ome like that?” “Becau e…well, I had to get your   econdhand, and there wa n't a lot of choice!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, flu hing. Harry looked away. He would willingly have  plit all the money in hi  Gringott  vault with the Wea ley , but he knew they would never take it. “I'm never wearing them,” Ron wa   aying  tubbornly. “Never.” “Fine,”  napped Mr . Wea ley. “Go naked. And, Harry, make  ure you get a picture of him. Goodne  know  I could do with a laugh.” She left the room,  lamming the door behind her. There wa  a funny  pluttering noi e from behind them. Pigwidgeon wa  choking on an overlarge Owl Treat. “Why i  everything I own rubbi h?”  aid Ron furiou ly,  triding acro  the room to un tick Pigwidgeon'  beak. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER ELEVEN ABOARD THE HOGWART EXPRESS T here wa  a definite end-of-the-holiday  gloom in the air when Harry awoke next morning. Heavy rain wa   till  plattering again t the window a  he got dre ed in jean  and a  weat hirt; they would change into their  chool robe  on the Hogwart  Expre . He, Ron, Fred, and George had ju t reached the fir t-floor landing on their way down to breakfa t, when Mr . Wea ley appeared at the foot of the  tair , looking hara ed. “Arthur!”  he called up the  tairca e. “Arthur! Urgent me age from the Mini try!” Harry flattened him elf again t the wall a  Mr. Wea ley came clattering pa t with hi  robe  on back-to-front and hurtled out of  ight. When Harry and the other  entered the kitchen, they  aw Mr . Wea ley rummaging anxiou ly in the drawer  - “I've got a quill here  omewhere!” - and Mr. Wea ley bending over the fire, talking to - Harry  hut hi  eye  hard and opened them again to make  ure that they were working properly. Amo  Diggory'  head wa   itting in the middle of the flame  like a large, bearded egg. It wa  talking very fa t, completely unperturbed by the  park  flying around it and the flame  licking it  ear . “…Muggle neighbor  heard bang  and  houting,  o they went and called tho e what-d'you-call-'em  - plea e-men. Arthur, you've got to get over there -” “Here!”  aid Mr . Wea ley breathle ly, pu hing a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into Mr. Wea ley'  hand . “- it'  a real  troke of luck I heard about it,”  aid Mr. Diggory'  head. “I had to come into the office early to  end a couple of owl , and I found the Improper U e of Magic lot all  etting off - if Rita Skeeter get  hold of thi  one, Arthur -” “What doe  Mad-Eye  ay happened?” a ked Mr. Wea ley, un crewing the ink bottle, loading up hi  quill, and preparing to take note . Mr. Diggory'  head rolled it  eye . “Say  he heard an intruder in hi  yard. Say  he wa  creeping toward the hou e, but wa  ambu hed by hi  du tbin .” “What did the du tbin  do?” a ked Mr. Wea ley,  cribbling frantically. “Made one hell of a noi e and fired rubbi h everywhere, a  far a  I can tell,”  aid Mr. Diggory. “Apparently one of them wa   till rocketing around when the plea e-men turned up -” Mr. Wea ley groaned. “And what about the intruder?” “Arthur, you know Mad-Eye,”  aid Mr. Diggory'  head, rolling it  eye  again. “Someone creeping into hi  yard in the dead of night? More likely there'  a very  hell- hocked cat wandering around  omewhere, covered in potato peeling . But if the Improper U e of Magic lot get their hand  on Mad-Eye, he'  had it - think of hi  record - we've got to get him off on a minor charge,  omething in your department - what are exploding du tbin  worth?” “Might be a caution,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  till writing very fa t, hi  brow furrowed. “Mad-Eye didn't u e hi  wand? He didn't actually attack anyone?” “I'll bet he leapt out of bed and  tarted jinxing everything he could reach through the window,”  aid Mr. Diggory, “but they'll have a job proving it, there aren't any ca ualtie .” “All right, I'm off,” Mr. Wea ley  aid, and he  tuffed the parchment with hi  note  on it into hi  pocket and da hed out of the kitchen again. Mr. Diggory'  head looked around at Mr . Wea ley. “Sorry about thi , Molly,” it  aid, more calmly, “bothering you  o early and everything…but Arthur'  the only one who can get Mad-Eye off, and Mad-Eye'   uppo ed to be  tarting hi  new job today. Why he had to choo e la t night…” “Never mind, Amo ,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Sure you won't have a bit of toa t or anything before you go?” “Oh go on, then,”  aid Mr. Diggory. Mr . Wea ley took a piece of buttered toa t from a  tack on the kitchen table, put it into the fire tong , and tran ferred it into Mr. Diggory'  mouth. “Fank ,” he  aid in a muffled voice, and then, with a  mall pop, vani hed. Harry could hear Mr. Wea ley calling hurried good-bye  to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girl . Within five minute , he wa  back in the kitchen, hi  robe  on the right way now, dragging a comb through hi  hair. “I'd better hurry - you have a good term, boy ,  aid Mr. Wea ley to Harry, Ron, and the twin , fa tening a cloak over hi   houlder  and preparing to Di apparate. ”Molly, are you going to be all right taking the kid  to King'  Cro ?" “Of cour e I will,”  he  aid. “You ju t look after Mad-Eye, we'll be fine.” A  Mr. Wea ley vani hed, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen. “Did  omeone  ay Mad-Eye?” Bill a ked. “What'  he been up to now.” “He  ay   omeone tried to break into hi  hou e la t night,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Mad-Eye Moody?”  aid George thoughtfully,  preading marmalade on hi  toa t. “I n't he that nutter -” “Your father think  very highly of Mad-Eye Moody,”  aid Mr . Wea ley  ternly. “Yeah, well, Dad collect  plug , doe n't he?”  aid Fred quietly a  Mr . Wea ley left the room. “Bird  of a feather.…” “Moody wa  a great wizard in hi  time,”  aid Bill. “He'  an old friend of Dumbledore' , i n't he?”  aid Charlie. “Dumbledore'  not what you'd call normal, though, i  he?”  aid Fred. “I mean, I know he'  a geniu  and everything.…” “Who i  Mad-Eye?” a ked Harry. “He'  retired, u ed to work at the Mini try,”  aid Charlie. “I met him once when Dad took me into work with him. He wa  an Auror - one of the be t…a Dark wizard catcher,” he added,  eeing Harry'  blank look. “Half the cell  in Azkaban are full becau e of him. He made him elf load  of enemie , though…the familie  of people he caught, mainly…and I heard he'  been getting really paranoid in hi  old age. Doe n't tru t anyone anymore. See  Dark wizard  everywhere.” Bill and Charlie decided to come and  ee everyone off at King'  Cro   tation, but Percy, apologizing mo t profu ely,  aid that he really needed to get to work. “I ju t can't ju tify taking more time off at the moment,” he told them. “Mr. Crouch i  really  tarting to rely on me.” “Yeah, you know what, Percy?”  aid George  eriou ly. “I reckon he'll know your name  oon.” Mr . Wea ley had braved the telephone in the village po t office to order three ordinary Muggle taxi  to take them into London. “Arthur tried to borrow Mini try car  for u ,” Mr . Wea ley whi pered to Harry a  they  tood in the rain-wa hed yard, watching the taxi driver  heaving  ix heavy Hogwart  trunk  into their car . “But there weren't any to  pare.…Oh dear, they don't look happy, do they?” Harry didn't like to tell Mr . Wea ley that Muggle taxi driver  rarely tran ported overexcited owl , and Pigwidgeon wa  making an ear plitting racket. Nor did it help that a number of Filibu ter'  Fabulou  No-Heat, Wet-Start Firework  went off unexpectedly when Fred'  trunk  prang open, cau ing the driver carrying it to yell with fright and pain a  Crook hank  clawed hi  way up the man'  leg. The journey wa  uncomfortable, owing to the fact that they were jammed in the back of the taxi  with their trunk . Crook hank  took quite a while to recover from the firework , and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all  everely  cratched. They were very relieved to get out at King'  Cro , even though the rain wa  coming down harder than ever, and they got  oaked carrying their trunk  acro  the bu y road and into the  tation. Harry wa  u ed to getting onto platform nine and three-quarter  by now. It wa  a  imple matter of walking  traight through the apparently  olid barrier dividing platform  nine and ten. The only tricky part wa  doing thi  in an unobtru ive way,  o a  to avoid attracting Muggle attention. They did it in group  today; Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the mo t con picuou ,  ince they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crook hank ) went fir t; they leaned ca ually again t the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and  lid  ideway  through it…and a  they did  o, platform nine and three-quarter  materialized in front of them. The Hogwart  Expre , a gleaming  carlet  team engine, wa  already there, cloud  of  team billowing from it, through which the many Hogwart   tudent  and parent  on the platform appeared like dark gho t . Pigwidgeon became noi ier than ever in re pon e to the hooting of many owl  through the mi t. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  et off to find  eat , and were  oon  towing their luggage in a compartment halfway along the train. They then hopped back down onto the platform to  ay good-bye to Mr . Wea ley, Bill, and Charlie. “I might be  eeing you all  ooner than you think,”  aid Charlie, grinning, a  he hugged Ginny good-bye. “Why?”  aid Fred keenly. “You'll  ee,”  aid Charlie. “Ju t don't tell Percy I mentioned it…it'  'cla ified information, until  uch time a  the Mini try  ee  fit to relea e it,' after all.” “Yeah, I  ort of wi h I were back at Hogwart  thi  year,”  aid Bill, hand  in hi  pocket , looking almo t wi tfully at the train. “Why?”  aid George impatiently. “You're going to have an intere ting year,”  aid Bill, hi  eye  twinkling. “I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it.” “A bit of what?”  aid Ron. But at that moment, the whi tle blew, and Mr . Wea ley chivvied them toward the train door . “Thank  for having u  to  tay, Mr . Wea ley,”  aid Hermione a  they climbed on board, clo ed the door, and leaned out of the window to talk to her. “Yeah, thank  for everything, Mr . Wea ley,”  aid Harry. “Oh it wa  my plea ure, dear ,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “I'd invite you for Chri tma , but…well, I expect you're all going to want to  tay at Hogwart , what with…one thing and another.” “Mum!”  aid Ron irritably. “What d'you three know that we don't?” “You'll find out thi  evening, I expect,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  miling. “It'  going to be very exciting - mind you, I'm very glad they've changed the rule  -” “What rule ?”  aid Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together. “I'm  ure Profe or Dumbledore will tell you.…Now, behave, won't you? Won't you, Fred? And you, George?” The pi ton  hi ed loudly and the train began to move. “Tell u  what'  happening at Hogwart !” Fred bellowed out of the window a  Mr . Wea ley, Bill, and Charlie  ped away from them. “What rule  are they changing?” But Mr . Wea ley only  miled and waved. Before the train had rounded the corner,  he, Bill, and Charlie had Di apparated. Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their compartment. The thick rain  plattering the window  made it very difficult to  ee out of them. Ron undid hi  trunk, pulled out hi  maroon dre  robe , and flung them over Pigwidgeon'  cage to muffle hi  hooting. “Bagman wanted to tell u  what'  happening at Hogwart ,” he  aid grumpily,  itting down next to Harry. “At the World Cup, remember? But my own mother won't  ay. Wonder what -” “Shh!” Hermione whi pered  uddenly, pre ing her finger to her lip  and pointing toward the compartment next to their . Harry and Ron li tened, and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in through the open door. “…Father actually con idered  ending me to Durm trang rather than Hogwart , you know. He know  the headma ter, you  ee. Well, you know hi  opinion of Dumbledore - the man'   uch a Mudblood-lover - and Durm trang doe n't admit that  ort of riffraff. But Mother didn't like the idea of me going to  chool  o far away. Father  ay  Durm trang take  a far more  en ible line than Hogwart  about the Dark Art . Durm trang  tudent  actually learn them, not ju t the defen e rubbi h we do.…” Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and  lid it  hut, blocking out Malfoy'  voice. “So he think  Durm trang would have  uited him, doe  he?”  he  aid angrily. “I wi h he had gone, then we wouldn't have to put up with him.” “Durm trang'  another wizarding  chool?”  aid Harry. “Ye ,”  aid Hermione  niffily, “and it'  got a horrible reputation. According to An Apprai al of Magical Education in Europe, it put  a lot of empha i  on the Dark Art .” “I think I've heard of it,”  aid Ron vaguely. “Where i  it? What country?” “Well, nobody know , do they?”  aid Hermione, rai ing her eyebrow . “Er - why not?”  aid Harry. “There'  traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic  chool . Durm trang and Beauxbaton  like to conceal their whereabout   o nobody can  teal their  ecret ,”  aid Hermione matter-of-factly. “Come off it,”  aid Ron,  tarting to laugh. “Durm trang'  got to be about the  ame  ize a  Hogwart  - how are you going to hide a great big ca tle?” “But Hogwart  i  hidden,”  aid Hermione, in  urpri e. “Everyone know  that…well, everyone who'  read Hogwart , A Hi tory, anyway.” “Ju t you, then,”  aid Ron. “So go on - how d'you hide a place like Hogwart ?” “It'  bewitched,”  aid Hermione. “If a Muggle look  at it, all they  ee i  a moldering old ruin with a  ign over the entrance  aying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, UNSAFE .” “So Durm trang'll ju t look like a ruin to an out ider too?” “Maybe,”  aid Hermione,  hrugging, “or it might have Muggle-repelling charm  on it, like the World Cup  tadium. And to keep foreign wizard  from finding it, they'll have made it Unplottable -” “Come again?” “Well, you can enchant a building  o it'  impo ible to plot on a map, can't you?” “Er…if you  ay  o,”  aid Harry. “But I think Durm trang mu t be  omewhere in the far north,”  aid Hermione thoughtfully. “Somewhere very cold, becau e they've got fur cape  a  part of their uniform .” “Ah, think of the po ibilitie ,”  aid Ron dreamily. “It would've been  o ea y to pu h Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident.…Shame hi  mother like  him.…” The rain became heavier and heavier a  the train moved farther north. The  ky wa   o dark and the window   o  teamy that the lantern  were lit by midday. The lunch trolley came rattling along the corridor, and Harry bought a large  tack of Cauldron Cake  for them to  hare. Several of their friend  looked in on them a  the afternoon progre ed, including Seamu  Finnigan, Dean Thoma , and Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought up by hi  formidable witch of a grandmother. Seamu  wa   till wearing hi  Ireland ro ette. Some of it  magic  eemed to be wearing off now; it wa   till  queaking “Troy - Mullet - Moran!” but in a very feeble and exhau ted  ort of way. After half an hour or  o, Hermione, growing tired of the endle  Quidditch talk, buried her elf once more in The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 4, and  tarted trying to learn a Summoning Charm. Neville li tened jealou ly to the other ' conver ation a  they relived the Cup match. “Gran didn't want to go,” he  aid mi erably. “Wouldn't buy ticket . It  ounded amazing though.” “It wa ,”  aid Ron. “Look at thi , Neville…” He rummaged in hi  trunk up in the luggage rack and pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum. “Oh wow,”  aid Neville enviou ly a  Ron tipped Krum onto hi  pudgy hand. “We  aw him right up clo e, a  well,”  aid Ron. “We were in the Top Box -” “For the fir t and la t time in your life, Wea ley.” Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind him  tood Crabbe and Goyle, hi  enormou , thuggi h cronie , both of whom appeared to have grown at lea t a foot during the  ummer. Evidently they had overheard the conver ation through the compartment door, which Dean and Seamu  had left ajar. “Don't remember a king you to join u , Malfoy,”  aid Harry coolly. “Wea ley…what i  that?”  aid Malfoy, pointing at Pigwidgeon'  cage. A  leeve of Ron'  dre  robe  wa  dangling from it,  waying with the motion of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obviou . Ron made to  tuff the robe  out of  ight, but Malfoy wa  too quick for him; he  eized the  leeve and pulled. “Look at thi !”  aid Malfoy in ec ta y, holding up Ron'  robe  and  howing Crabbe and Goyle, “Wea ley, you weren't thinking of wearing the e, were you? I mean - they were very fa hionable in about eighteen ninety…” “Eat dung, Malfoy!”  aid Ron, the  ame color a  the dre  robe  a  he  natched them back out of Malfoy'  grip. Malfoy howled with deri ive laughter; Crabbe and Goyle guffawed  tupidly. “So…going to enter, Wea ley? Going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? There'  money involved a  well, you know…you'd be able to afford  ome decent robe  if you won.…” “What are you talking about?”  napped Ron. “Are you going to enter?” Malfoy repeated. “I  uppo e you will, Potter? You never mi  a chance to  how off, do you?” “Either explain what you're on about or go away, Malfoy,”  aid Hermione te tily, over the top of The Standard Book of Spell , Grade 4. A gleeful  mile  pread acro  Malfoy'  pale face “Don't tell me you don't know?” he  aid delightedly. “You've got a father and brother at the Mini try and you don't even know? My God, my father told me about it age  ago…heard it from Corneliu  Fudge. But then, Father'  alway  a ociated with the top people at the Mini try.…Maybe your father'  too junior to know about it, Wea ley…ye …they probably don't talk about important  tuff in front of him.…” Laughing once more, Malfoy beckoned to Crabbe and Goyle, and the three of them di appeared. Ron got to hi  feet and  lammed the  liding compartment door  o hard behind them that the gla   hattered. “Ron!”  aid Hermione reproachfully, and  he pulled out her wand, muttered “Reparo!” and the gla   hard  flew back into a  ingle pane and back into the door. “Well…making it look like he know  everything and we don't.…” Ron  narled. “'Father'  alway  a ociated with the top people at the Mini try'…Dad could've got a promotion any time…he ju t like  it where he i .…” “Of cour e he doe ,”  aid Hermione quietly. “Don't let Malfoy get to you, Ron -” “Him! Get to me!? A  if!”  aid Ron, picking up one of the remaining Cauldron Cake  and  qua hing it into a pulp. Ron'  bad mood continued for the re t of the journey. He didn't talk much a  they changed into their  chool robe , and wa   till glowering when the Hogwart  Expre   lowed down at la t and finally  topped in the pitch-darkne  of Hog meade  tation. A  the train door  opened, there wa  a rumble of thunder overhead. Hermione bundled up Crook hank  in her cloak and Ron left hi  dre  robe  over Pigwidgeon a  they left the train, head  bent and eye  narrowed again t the downpour. The rain wa  now coming down  o thick and fa t that it wa  a  though bucket  of ice-cold water were being emptied repeatedly over their head . “Hi, Hagrid!” Harry yelled,  eeing a gigantic  ilhouette at the far end of the platform. “All righ', Harry?” Hagrid bellowed back, waving. “See yeh at the fea t if we don' drown!” Fir t year  traditionally reached Hogwart  Ca tle by  ailing acro  the lake with Hagrid. “Oooh, I wouldn't fancy cro ing the lake in thi  weather,”  aid Hermione fervently,  hivering a  they inched  lowly along the dark platform with the re t of the crowd. A hundred hor ele  carriage   tood waiting for them out ide the  tation. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of them, the door  hut with a  nap, and a few moment  later, with a great lurch, the long proce ion of carriage  wa  rumbling and  pla hing it  way up the track toward Hogwart  Ca tle. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWELVE THE TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT T hrough the gate , flanked with  tatue  of winged boar , and up the  weeping drive the carriage  trundled,  waying dangerou ly in what wa  fa t becoming a gale. Leaning again t the window, Harry could  ee Hogwart  coming nearer, it  many lighted window  blurred and  himmering behind the thick curtain of rain. Lightning fla hed acro  the  ky a  their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front door , which  tood at the top of a flight of  tone  tep . People who had occupied the carriage  in front were already hurrying up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from their carriage and da hed up the  tep  too, looking up only when they were  afely in ide the cavernou , torch-lit entrance hall, with it  magnificent marble  tairca e. “Blimey,”  aid Ron,  haking hi  head and  ending water everywhere, “if that keep  up the lake'  going to overflow. I'm  oak - ARRGH!” A large, red, water-filled balloon had dropped from out of the ceiling onto Ron'  head and exploded. Drenched and  puttering, Ron  taggered  ideway  into Harry, ju t a  a  econd water bomb dropped - narrowly mi ing Hermione, it bur t at Harry'  feet,  ending a wave of cold water over hi   neaker  into hi   ock . People all around them  hrieked and  tarted pu hing one another in their effort  to get out of the line of fire. Harry looked up and  aw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeve  the Poltergei t, a little man in a bell-covered hat and orange bow tie, hi  wide, maliciou  face contorted with concentration a  he took aim again. “PEEVES!” yelled an angry voice. “Peeve , come down here at ONCE!” Profe or McGonagall, Deputy Headmi tre  and head of Gryffindor Hou e, had come da hing out of the Great Hall;  he  kidded on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione around the neck to  top her elf from falling. “Ouch -  orry, Mi  Granger -” “That'  all right, Profe or!” Hermione ga ped, ma aging her throat. “Peeve , get down here NOW!” barked Profe or McGonagall,  traightening her pointed hat and glaring upward through her  quare-rimmed  pectacle . “Not doing nothing!” cackled Peeve , lobbing a water bomb at  everal fifth-year girl , who  creamed and dived into the Great Hall. “Already wet, aren't they? Little  quirt ! Wheeeeeeeeee!” And he aimed another bomb at a group of  econd year  who had ju t arrived. “I  hall call the headma ter!”  houted Profe or McGonagall. “I'm warning you, Peeve  -” Peeve   tuck out hi  tongue, threw the la t of hi  water bomb  into the air, and zoomed off up the marble  tairca e, cackling in anely. “Well, move along, then!”  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply to the bedraggled crowd. “Into the Great Hall, come on!” Harry, Ron, and Hermione  lipped and  lid acro  the entrance hall and through the double door  on the right, Ron muttering furiou ly under hi  breath a  he pu hed hi   opping hair off hi  face. The Great Hall looked it  u ual  plendid  elf, decorated for the  tart-of-term fea t. Golden plate  and goblet  gleamed by the light of hundred  and hundred  of candle , floating over the table  in midair. The four long Hou e table  were packed with chattering  tudent ; at the top of the Hall, the  taff  at along one  ide of a fifth table, facing their pupil . It wa  much warmer in here. Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked pa t the Slytherin , the Ravenclaw , and the Hufflepuff , and  at down with the re t of the Gryffindor  at the far  ide of the Hall, next to Nearly Headle  Nick, the Gryffindor gho t. Pearly white and  emitran parent, Nick wa  dre ed tonight in hi  u ual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which  erved the dual purpo e of looking extra-fe tive, and in uring that hi  head didn't wobble too much on hi  partially  evered neck. “Good evening,” he  aid, beaming at them. “Say  who?”  aid Harry, taking off hi   neaker  and emptying them of water. “Hope they hurry up with the Sorting. I'm  tarving.” The Sorting of the new  tudent  into Hou e  took place at the  tart of every  chool year, but by an unlucky combination of circum tance , Harry hadn't been pre ent at one  ince hi  own. He wa  quite looking forward to it. Ju t then, a highly excited, breathle  voice called down the table. “Hiya, Harry!” It wa  Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry wa   omething of a hero. “Hi, Colin,”  aid Harry warily. “Harry, gue  what? Gue  what, Harry? My brother'   tarting! My brother Denni !” “Er - good,”  aid Harry. “He'  really excited!”  aid Colin, practically bouncing up and down in hi   eat. “I ju t hope he'  in Gryffindor! Keep your finger  cro ed, eh, Harry?” “Er - yeah, all right,”  aid Harry. He turned back to Hermione, Ron, and Nearly Headle  Nick. “Brother  and  i ter  u ually go in the  ame Hou e , don't they?” he  aid. He wa  judging by the Wea ley , all  even of whom had been put into Gryffindor. “Oh no, not nece arily,”  aid Hermione. “Parvati Patil'  twin'  in Ravenclaw, and they're identical. You'd think they'd be together, wouldn't you?” Harry looked up at the  taff table. There  eemed to be rather more empty  eat  there than u ual. Hagrid, of cour e, wa   till fighting hi  way acro  the lake with the fir t year ; Profe or McGonagall wa  pre umably  upervi ing the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there wa  another empty chair too, and Harry couldn't think who el e wa  mi ing. “Where'  the new Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher?”  aid Hermione, who wa  al o looking up at the teacher . They had never yet had a Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher who had la ted more than three term . Harry'  favorite by far had been Profe or Lupin, who had re igned la t year. He looked up and down the  taff table. There wa  definitely no new face there. “Maybe they couldn't get anyone!”  aid Hermione, looking anxiou . Harry  canned the table more carefully. Tiny little Profe or Flitwick, the Charm  teacher, wa   itting on a large pile of cu hion  be ide Profe or Sprout, the Herbology teacher, who e hat wa  a kew over her flyaway gray hair. She wa  talking to Profe or Sini tra of the A tronomy department. On Profe or Sini tra'  other  ide wa  the  allow-faced, hook-no ed, grea y-haired Potion  ma ter, Snape - Harry'  lea t favorite per on at Hogwart . Harry'  loathing of Snape wa  matched only by Snape'  hatred of him, a hatred which had, if po ible, inten ified la t year, when Harry had helped Siriu  e cape right under Snape'  overlarge no e - Snape and Siriu  had been enemie   ince their own  chool day . On Snape'  other  ide wa  an empty  eat, which Harry gue ed wa  Profe or McGonagall' . Next to it, and in the very center of the table,  at Profe or Dumbledore, the headma ter, hi   weeping  ilver hair and beard  hining in the candlelight, hi  magnificent deep green robe  embroidered with many  tar  and moon . The tip  of Dumbledore'  long, thin finger  were together and he wa  re ting hi  chin upon them,  taring up at the ceiling through hi  half-moon  pectacle  a  though lo t in thought. Harry glanced up at the ceiling too. It wa  enchanted to look like the  ky out ide, and he had never  een it look thi   tormy. Black and purple cloud  were  wirling acro  it, and a  another thunderclap  ounded out ide, a fork of lightning fla hed acro  it. “Oh hurry up,” Ron moaned, be ide Harry, “I could eat a hippogriff.” The word  were no  ooner out of hi  mouth than the door  of the Great Hall opened and  ilence fell. Profe or McGonagall wa  leading a long line of fir t year  up to the top of the Hall. If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it wa  nothing to how the e fir t year  looked. They appeared to have  wum acro  the lake rather than  ailed. All of them were  hivering with a combination of cold and nerve  a  they filed along the  taff table and came to a halt in a line facing the re t of the  chool - all of them except the  malle t of the lot, a boy with mou y hair, who wa  wrapped in what Harry recognized a  Hagrid'  mole kin overcoat. The coat wa   o big for him that it hooked a  though he were draped in a furry black circu  tent. Hi   mall face protruded from over the collar, looking almo t painfully excited. When he had lined up with hi  terrified-looking peer , he caught Colin Creevey'  eye, gave a double thumb -up, and mouthed, I fell in the lake! He looked po itively delighted about it. Profe or McGonagall now placed a three-legged  tool on the ground before the fir t year  and, on top of it, an extremely old, dirty patched wizard'  hat. The fir t year   tared at it. So did everyone el e. For a moment, there wa   ilence. Then a long tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into  ong: A thou and year  or more ago, When I wa  newly  ewn,There lived four wizard  of renown, Who e name  are  till well known: Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fin. They  hared a wi h, a hope, a dream, They hatched a daring plan To educate young  orcerer  Thu  Hogwart  School began. Now each of the e four founder  Formed their own hou e, for each Did value different virtue  In the one  they had to teach. By Gryffindor, the brave t were Prized far beyond the re t; For Ravenclaw, the clevere t Would alway  be the be t; For Hufflepuff, hard worker  were Mo t worthy of admi ion; And power-hungry Slytherin Loved tho e of great ambition. While  till alive they did divide Their favorite  from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy one  When they were dead and gone? Twa  Gryffindor who found the way, He whipped me off hi  head The founder  put  ome brain  in me So I could choo e in tead! Now  lip me  nug about your ear , I've never yet been wrong, I'll have a look in ide your mind And tell where you belong! The Great Hall rang with applau e a  the Sorting Hat fini hed. “That'  not the  ong it  ang when it Sorted u ,”  aid Harry, clapping along with everyone el e. “Sing  a different one every year,”  aid Ron. “It'  got to be a pretty boring life, ha n't it, being a hat? I  uppo e it  pend  all year making up the next one.” Profe or McGonagall wa  now unrolling a large  croll of parchment. “When I call out your name, you will put on the hat and  it on the  tool,”  he told the fir t year . "When the hat announce  your Hou e, you will go and  it at the appropriate table. “Ackerley, Stewart!” A boy walked forward, vi ibly trembling from head to foot, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on, and  at down on the  tool. “RAVENCLAW!”  houted the hat. Stewart Ackerley took off the hat and hurried into a  eat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone wa  applauding him. Harry caught a glimp e of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley a  he  at down. For a fleeting  econd, Harry had a  trange de ire to join the Ravenclaw table too. “Baddock, Malcolm!” “SLYTHERIN!” The table on the other  ide of the hall erupted with cheer ; Harry could  ee Malfoy clapping a  Baddock joined the Slytherin . Harry wondered whether Baddock knew that Slytherin Hou e had turned out more Dark witche  and wizard  than any other. Fred and George hi ed Malcolm Baddock a  he  at down. “Bran tone, Eleanor!” “HUFFLEPUFF!” “Cauldwell, Owen!” “HUFFLEPUFF!” “Creevey, Denni !” Tiny Denni  Creevey  taggered forward, tripping over Hagrid'  mole kin, ju t a  Hagrid him elf  idled into the Hall through a door behind the teacher ' table. About twice a  tall a  a normal man, and at lea t three time  a  broad, Hagrid, with hi  long, wild, tangled black hair and beard, looked  lightly alarming - a mi leading impre ion, for Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew Hagrid to po e  a very kind nature. He winked at them a  he  at down at the end of the  taff table and watched Denni  Creevey putting on the Sorting Hat. The rip at the brim opened wide - “GRYFFINDOR!” the hat  houted. Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindor  a  Denni  Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed it back on the  tool, and hurried over to join hi  brother. “Colin, I fell in!” he  aid  hrilly, throwing him elf into an empty  eat. “It wa  brilliant! And  omething in the water grabbed me and pu hed me back in the boat!” “Cool!”  aid Colin, ju t a  excitedly. “It wa  probably the giant  quid, Denni !” “Wow!”  aid Denni , a  though nobody in their wilde t dream  could hope for more than being thrown into a  torm-to ed, fathom -deep lake, and pu hed out of it again by a giant  ea mon ter. “Denni ! Denni ! See that boy down there? The one with the black hair and gla e ? See him? Know who he i , Denni ?” Harry looked away,  taring very hard at the Sorting Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobb . The Sorting continued; boy  and girl  with varying degree  of fright on their face  moving one by one to the three-legged  tool, the line dwindling  lowly a  Profe or McGonagall pa ed the L' . “Oh hurry up,” Ron moaned, ma aging hi   tomach. “Now, Ron, the Sorting'  much more important than food,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick a  “Madley, Laura!” became a Hufflepuff. “Cour e it i , if you're dead,”  napped Ron. “I do hope thi  year'  batch of Gryffindor  are up to  cratch,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick, applauding a  “McDonald, Natalie!” joined the Gryffindor table. “We don't want to break our winning  treak, do we?” Gryffindor had won the Inter-Hou e Champion hip for the la t three year  in a row. “Pritchard, Graham!” “SLYTHERIN!” “Quirke, Orla!” “RAVENCLAW!” And finally, with “Whitby, Kevin!” (“HUFFLEPUFF!”), the Sorting ended. Profe or McGonagall picked up the hat and the  tool and carried them away. “About time,”  aid Ron,  eizing hi  knife and fork and looking expectantly at hi  golden plate. Profe or Dumbledore had gotten to hi  feet. He wa   miling around at the  tudent , hi  arm  opened wide in welcome. “I have only two word  to  ay to you,” he told them, hi  deep voice echoing around the Hall. “Tuck in.” “Hear, hear!”  aid Harry and Ron loudly a  the empty di he  filled magically before their eye . Nearly Headle  Nick watched mournfully a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione loaded their own plate . “Aaah, 'at'  be'er,”  aid Ron, with hi  mouth full of ma hed potato. “You're lucky there'  a fea t at all tonight, you know,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick. “There wa  trouble in the kitchen  earlier.” “Why? Wha' 'appened?”  aid Harry, through a  izable chunk of  teak. “Peeve , of cour e,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick,  haking hi  head, which wobbled dangerou ly. He pulled hi  ruff a little higher up on hi  neck. “The u ual argument, you know. He wanted to attend the fea t - well, it'  quite out of the que tion, you know what he'  like, utterly uncivilized, can't  ee a plate of food without throwing it. We held a gho t'  council - the Fat Friar wa  all for giving him the chance - but mo t wi ely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put hi  foot down.” The Bloody Baron wa  the Slytherin gho t, a gaunt and  ilent  pecter covered in  ilver blood tain . He wa  the only per on at Hogwart  who could really control Peeve . “Yeah, we thought Peeve   eemed hacked off about  omething,”  aid Ron darkly. “So what did he do in the kitchen ?” “Oh the u ual,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick,  hrugging. “Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pot  and pan  everywhere. Place  wimming in  oup. Terrified the hou e-elve  out of their wit  -” Clang. Hermione had knocked over her golden goblet. Pumpkin juice  pread  teadily over the tablecloth,  taining  everal feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid no attention. “There are hou e-elve  here?”  he  aid,  taring, horror- truck, at Nearly Headle  Nick. “Here at Hogwart ?” “Certainly,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick, looking  urpri ed at her reaction. “The large t number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred.” “I've never  een one!”  aid Hermione. “Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick. “They come out at night to do a bit of cleaning… ee to the fire  and  o on.…I mean, you're not  uppo ed to  ee them, are you? That'  the mark of a good hou e-elf, i n't it, that you don't know it'  there?” Hermione  tared at him. “But they get paid?”  he  aid. “They get holiday , don't they? And - and  ick leave, and pen ion , and everything?” Nearly Headle  Nick chortled  o much that hi  ruff  lipped and hi  head flopped off, dangling on the inch or  o of gho tly  kin and mu cle that  till attached it to hi  neck. “Sick leave and pen ion ?” he  aid, pu hing hi  head back onto hi   houlder  and  ecuring it once more with hi  ruff. “Hou e-elve  don't want  ick leave and pen ion !” Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of food, then put her knife and fork down upon it and pu hed it away from her. “Oh c'mon, 'Er-my-knee,”  aid Ron, accidentally  praying Harry with bit  of York hire pudding. “Oop  -  orry, 'Arry -” He  wallowed. “You won't get them  ick leave by  tarving your elf!” “Slave labor,”  aid Hermione, breathing hard through her no e. “That'  what made thi  dinner. Slave labor.” And  he refu ed to eat another bite. The rain wa   till drumming heavily again t the high, dark gla . Another clap of thunder  hook the window , and the  tormy ceiling fla hed, illuminating the golden plate  a  the remain  of the fir t cour e vani hed and were replaced, in tantly, with pudding . “Treacle tart, Hermione!”  aid Ron, deliberately wafting it   mell toward her. “Spotted dick, look! Chocolate gateau!” But Hermione gave him a look  o remini cent of Profe or McGonagall that he gave up. When the pudding  too had been demoli hed, and the la t crumb  had faded off the plate , leaving them  parkling clean, Albu  Dumbledore got to hi  feet again. The buzz of chatter filling the Hall cea ed almo t at once,  o that only the howling wind and pounding rain could be heard. “So!”  aid Dumbledore,  miling around at them all. “Now that we are all fed and watered,” (“Hmph!”  aid Hermione) "I mu t once more a k for your attention, while I give out a few notice . “Mr. Filch, the caretaker, ha  a ked me to tell you that the li t of object  forbidden in ide the ca tle ha  thi  year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yo , Fanged Fri bee , and Ever-Ba hing Boomerang . The full li t compri e   ome four hundred and thirty- even item , I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch'  office, if anybody would like to check it.” The corner  of Dumbledore'  mouth twitched. He continued, "A  ever, I would like to remind you all that the fore t on the ground  i  out-of-bound  to  tudent , a  i  the village of Hog meade to all below third year. “It i  al o my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-Hou e Quidditch Cup will not take place thi  year.” “What?” Harry ga ped. He looked around at Fred and George, hi  fellow member  of the Quidditch team. They were mouthing  oundle ly at Dumbledore, apparently too appalled to  peak. Dumbhedore went on, “Thi  i  due to an event that will be  tarting in October, and continuing throughout the  chool year, taking up much of the teacher ' time and energy - but I am  ure you will all enjoy it immen ely. I have great plea ure in announcing that thi  year at Hogwart  -” But at that moment, there wa  a deafening rumble of thunder and the door  of the Great Hall banged open. A man  tood in the doorway, leaning upon a long  taff,  hrouded in a black traveling cloak. Every head in the Great Hall  wiveled toward the  tranger,  uddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning that fla hed acro  the ceiling. He lowered hi  hood,  hook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, then began to walk up toward the teacher ' table. A dull clunk echoed through the Hall on hi  every other  tep. He reached the end of the top table, turned right, and limped heavily toward Dumbledore. Another fla h of lightning cro ed the ceiling. Hermione ga ped. The lightning had thrown the man'  face into  harp relief, and it wa  a face unlike any Harry had ever  een.It looked a  though it had been carved out of weathered wood by  omeone who had only the vague t idea of what human face  are  uppo ed to look like, and wa  none too  killed with a chi el. Every inch of  kin  eemed to be  carred. The mouth looked like a diagonal ga h, and a large chunk of the no e wa  mi ing. But it wa  the man'  eye  that made him frightening. One of them wa   mall, dark, and beady. The other wa  large, round a  a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. The blue eye wa  moving cea ele ly, without blinking, and wa  rolling up, down, and from  ide to  ide, quite independently of the normal eye - and then it rolled right over, pointing into the back of the man'  head,  o that all they could  ee wa  whitene . The  tranger reached Dumbledore. He  tretched out a hand that wa  a  badly  carred a  hi  face, and Dumbhedore  hook it, muttering word  Harry couldn't hear. He  eemed to be making  ome inquiry of the  tranger, who  hook hi  head un milingly and replied in an undertone. Dumbledore nodded and ge tured the man to the empty  eat on hi  right-hand  ide. The  tranger  at down,  hook hi  mane of dark gray hair out of hi  face, pulled a plate of  au age  toward him, rai ed it to what wa  left of hi  no e, and  niffed it. He then took a  mall knife out of hi  pocket,  peared a  au age on the end of it, and began to eat. Hi  normal eye wa  fixed upon the  au age , but the blue eye wa   till darting re tle ly around in it   ocket, taking in the Hall and the  tudent . “May I introduce our new Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher?”  aid Dumbledore brightly into the  ilence. “Profe or Moody.” It wa  u ual for new  taff member  to be greeted with applau e, but none of the  taff or  tudent  chapped except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put their hand  together and applauded, but the  ound echoed di mally into the  ilence, and they  topped fairly quickly. Everyone el e  eemed too tran fixed by Moody'  bizarre appearance to do more than  tare at him. “Moody?” Harry muttered to Ron. “Mad-Eye Moody? The one your dad went to help thi  morning?” “Mu t be,”  aid Ron in a low, awed voice. “What happened to him?” Hermione whi pered. “What happened to hi  face?” “Dunno,” Ron whi pered back, watching Moody with fa cination. Moody  eemed totally indifferent to hi  le -than-warm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached again into hi  traveling cloak, pulled out a hip fla k, and took a long draught from it. A  he lifted hi  arm to drink, hi  cloak wa  pulled a few inche  from the ground, and Harry  aw, below the table,  everal inche  of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot. Dumbledore cleared hi  throat. “A  I wa   aying,” he  aid,  miling at the  ea of  tudent  before him, all of whom were  till gazing tran fixed at Mad-Eye Moody, “we are to have the honor of ho ting a very exciting event over the coming month , an event that ha  not been held for over a century. It i  my very great plea ure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwart  thi  year.” “You're JOKING!”  aid Fred Wea ley loudly. The ten ion that had filled the Hall ever  ince Moody'  arrival  uddenly broke. Nearly everyone laughed, and Dumbledore chuckled appreciatively. “I am not joking, Mr. Wea ley,” he  aid, “though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the  ummer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar.” Profe or McGonagall cleared her throat loudly. “Er - but maybe thi  i  not the time…no…”  aid Dumbledore, "where wa  I? Ah ye , the Triwizard Tournament…well,  ome of you will not know what thi  tournament involve ,  o I hope tho e who do know will forgive me for giving a  hort explanation, and allow their attention to wander freely. “The Triwizard Tournament wa  fir t e tabli hed  ome  even hundred year  ago a  a friendly competition between the three large t European  chool  of wizardry: Hogwart , Beauxbaton , and Durm trang. A champion wa   elected to repre ent each  chool, and the three champion  competed in three magical ta k . The  chool  took it in turn  to ho t the tournament once every five year , and it wa  generally agreed to be a mo t excellent way of e tabli hing tie  between young witche  and wizard  of different nationalitie  - until, that i , the death toll mounted  o high that the tournament wa  di continued.” “Death toll?” Hermione whi pered, looking alarmed. But her anxiety did not  eem to be  hared by the majority of  tudent  in the Hall; many of them were whi pering excitedly to one another, and Harry him elf wa  far more intere ted in hearing about the tournament than in worrying about death  that had happened hundred  of year  ago. “There have been  everal attempt  over the centurie  to rein tate the tournament,” Dumbledore continued, "none of which ha  been very  ucce ful. However, our own department  of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Game  and Sport  have decided the time i  ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the  ummer to en ure that thi  time, no champion will find him elf or her elf in mortal danger. “The head  of Beauxbaton  and Durm trang will be arriving with their  hort-li ted contender  in October, and the  election of the three champion  will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which  tudent  are mo t worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their  chool, and a thou and Galleon  per onal prize money.” “I'm going for it!” Fred Wea ley hi ed down the table, hi  face lit with enthu ia m at the pro pect of  uch glory and riche . He wa  not the only per on who  eemed to be vi ualizing him elf a  the Hogwart  champion. At every Hou e table, Harry could  ee people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or el e whi pering fervently to their neighbor . But then Dumbledore  poke again, and the Hall quieted once more. “Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwart ,” he  aid, “the head  of the participating  chool , along with the Mini try of Magic, have agreed to impo e an age re triction on contender  thi  year. Only  tudent  who are of age - that i  to  ay,  eventeen year  or older - will be allowed to put forward their name  for con ideration. Thi  -” Dumbledore rai ed hi  voice  lightly, for  everal people had made noi e  of outrage at the e word , and the Wea ley twin  were  uddenly looking furiou  - “i  a mea ure we feel i  nece ary, given that the tournament ta k  will  till be difficult and dangerou , whatever precaution  we take, and it i  highly unlikely that  tudent  below  ixth and  eventh year will be able to cope with them. I will per onally be en uring that no underage  tudent hoodwink  our impartial judge into making them Hogwart  champion.” Hi  light blue eye  twinkled a  they flickered over Fred'  and George'  mutinou  face . "I therefore beg you not to wa te your time  ubmitting your elf if you are under  eventeen. “The delegation  from Beauxbaton  and Durm trang will be arriving in October and remaining with u  for the greater part of thi  year. I know that you will all extend every courte y to our foreign gue t  while they are with u , and will give your whole-hearted  upport to the Hogwart  champion when he or  he i   elected. And now, it i  late, and I know how important it i  to you all to be alert and re ted a  you enter your le on  tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!” Dumbledore  at down again and turned to talk to Mad-Eye Moody. There wa  a great  craping and banging a  all the  tudent  got to their feet and  warmed toward the double door  into the entrance hall. “They can't do that!”  aid George Wea ley, who had not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but wa   tanding up and glaring at Dumbledore. “We're  eventeen in April, why can't we have a  hot?” “They're not  topping me entering,”  aid Fred  tubbornly, al o  cowling at the top table. “The champion 'll get to do all  ort  of  tuff you'd never be allowed to do normally. And a thou and Galleon  prize money!” “Yeah,”  aid Ron, a faraway look on hi  face. “Yeah, a thou and Galleon .…” “Come on,”  aid Hermione, “we'll be the only one  left here if you don't move.” Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George  et off for the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the way  in which Dumbledore might  top tho e who were under  eventeen from entering the tournament. “Who'  thi  impartial judge who'  going to decide who the champion  are?”  aid Harry. “Dunno,”  aid Fred, “but it'  them we'll have to fool. I reckon a couple of drop  of Aging Potion might do it, George…” “Dumbledore know  you're not of age, though,”  aid Ron. “Yeah, but he'  not the one who decide  who the champion i , i  he?”  aid Fred  hrewdly. “Sound  to me like once thi  judge know  who want  to enter, he'll choo e the be t from each  chool and never mind how old they are. Dumbledore'  trying to  top u  giving our name .” “People have died, though!”  aid Hermione in a worried voice a  they walked through a door concealed behind a tape try and  tarted up another, narrower  tairca e. “Yeah,”  aid Fred airily, “but that wa  year  ago, wa n't it? Anyway, where'  the fun without a bit of ri k? Hey, Ron, what if we find out how to get 'round Dumbledore? Fancy entering?” “What d'you reckon?” Ron a ked Harry. “Be cool to enter, wouldn't it? But I  'po e they might want  omeone older….Dunno if we've learned enough…” “I definitely haven't,” came Neville'  gloomy voice from behind Fred and George. “I expect my gran'd want me to try, though. She'  alway  going on about how I  hould be upholding the family honor. I'll ju t have to - oop …” Neville'  foot had  unk right through a  tep halfway up the  tairca e. There were many of the e trick  tair  at Hogwart ; it wa   econd nature to mo t of the older  tudent  to jump thi  particular  tep, but Neville'  memory wa  notoriou ly poor. Harry and Ron  eized him under the armpit  and pulled him out, while a  uit of armor at the top of the  tair  creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily. “Shut it, you,”  aid Ron, banging down it  vi or a  they pa ed. They made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which wa  concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink  ilk dre . “Pa word?”  he  aid a  they approached. “Balderda h,”  aid George, “a prefect down tair  told me.” The portrait  wung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, which wa  full of  qua hy armchair  and table . Hermione ca t the merrily dancing flame  a dark look, and Harry di tinctly heard her mutter “Slave labor” before bidding them good night and di appearing through the doorway to the girl ' dormitory. Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the la t,  piral  tairca e until they reached their own dormitory, which wa   ituated at the top of the tower. Five four-po ter bed  with deep crim on hanging   tood again t the wall , each with it  owner'  trunk at the foot. Dean and Seamu  were already getting into bed; Seamu  had pinned hi  Ireland ro ette to hi  headboard, and Dean had tacked up a po ter of Viktor Krum over hi  bed ide table. Hi  old po ter of the We t Ham football team wa  pinned right next to it. “Mental,” Ron  ighed,  haking hi  head at the completely  tationary  occer player . Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pajama  and into bed. Someone - a hou e-elf, no doubt - had placed warming pan  between the  heet . It wa  extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and li tening to the  torm raging out ide. “I might go in for it, you know,” Ron  aid  leepily through the darkne , “if Fred and George find out how to…the tournament.…you never know, do you?” “S'po e not.…” Harry rolled over in bed, a  erie  of dazzling new picture  forming in hi  mind'  eye….He had hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing he wa   eventeen.…he had become Hogwart  champion…he wa   tanding on the ground , hi  arm  rai ed in triumph in front of the whole  chool, all of whom were applauding and  creaming…he had ju t won the Triwizard Tournament. Cho'  face  tood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face glowing with admiration…. Harry grinned into hi  pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn't  ee what he could. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTEEN MAD-EYE MOODY T he  torm had blown it elf out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall wa   till gloomy; heavy cloud  of pewter gray  wirled overhead a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione examined their new cour e  chedule  at breakfa t. A few  eat  along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were di cu ing magical method  of aging them elve  and bluffing their way into the Triwizard Tournament. “Today'  not bad…out ide all morning,”  aid Ron, who wa  running hi  finger down the Monday column of hi   chedule. “Herbology with the Hufflepuff  and Care of Magical Creature …damn it, we're  till with the Slytherin ….” “Double Divination thi  afternoon,” Harry groaned, looking down. Divination wa  hi  lea t favorite  ubject, apart from Potion . Profe or Trelawney kept predicting Harry'  death, which he found extremely annoying. “You  hould have given it up like me,  houldn't you?”  aid Hermione bri kly, buttering her elf  ome toa t. “Then you'd be doing  omething  en ible like Arithmancy.” “You're eating again, I notice,”  aid Ron, watching Hermione adding liberal amount  of jam to her toa t too. “I've decided there are better way  of making a  tand about elf right ,”  aid Hermione haughtily. “Yeah…and you were hungry,”  aid Ron, grinning. There wa  a  udden ru tling noi e above them, and a hundred owl  came  oaring through the open window  carrying the morning mail. In tinctively, Harry looked up, but there wa  no  ign of white among the ma  of brown and gray. The owl  circled the table , looking for the people to whom their letter  and package  were addre ed. A large tawny owl  oared down to Neville Longbottom and depo ited a parcel into hi  lap - Neville almo t alway  forgot to pack  omething. On the other  ide of the Hall Draco Malfoy'  eagle owl had landed on hi   houlder, carrying what looked like hi  u ual  upply of  weet  and cake  from home. Trying to ignore the  inking feeling of di appointment in hi   tomach, Harry returned to hi  porridge. Wa  it po ible that  omething had happened to Hedwig, and that Siriu  hadn't even got hi  letter? Hi  preoccupation la ted all the way acro  the  odden vegetable patch until they arrived in greenhou e three, but here he wa  di tracted by Profe or Sprout  howing the cla  the uglie t plant  Harry had ever  een. Indeed, they looked le  like plant  than thick, black, giant  lug , protruding vertically out of the  oil. Each wa   quirming  lightly and had a number of large,  hiny  welling  upon it, which appeared to be full of liquid. “Bubotuber ,” Profe or Sprout told them bri kly. “They need  queezing. You will collect the pu  -” “The what?”  aid Seamu  Finnigan,  ounding revolted. “Pu , Finnigan, pu ,”  aid Profe or Sprout, “and it'  extremely valuable,  o don't wa te it. You will collect the pu , I  ay, in the e bottle . Wear your dragon-hide glove ; it can do funny thing  to the  kin when undiluted, bubotuber pu .” Squeezing the bubotuber  wa  di gu ting, but oddly  ati fying. A  each  welling wa  popped, a large amount of thick yellowi h-green liquid bur t forth, which  melled  trongly of petrol. They caught it in the bottle  a  Profe or Sprout had indicated, and by the end of the le on had collected  everal pint . “Thi 'll keep Madam Pomfrey happy,”  aid Profe or Sprout,  toppering the la t bottle with a cork. “An excellent remedy for the more  tubborn form  of acne, bubotuber pu . Should  top  tudent  re orting to de perate mea ure  to rid them elve  of pimple .” “Like poor Eloi e Midgen,”  aid Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, in a hu hed voice. “She tried to cur e her  off.” “Silly girl,”  aid Profe or Sprout,  haking her head. “But Madam Pomfrey fixed her no e back on in the end.” A booming bell echoed from the ca tle acro  the wet ground ,  ignaling the end of the le on, and the cla   eparated; the Hufflepuff  climbing the  tone  tep  for Tran figuration, and the Gryffindor  heading in the other direction, down the  loping lawn toward Hagrid'   mall wooden cabin, which  tood on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t. Hagrid wa   tanding out ide hi  hut, one hand on the collar of hi  enormou  black boarhound, Fang. There were  everal open wooden crate  on the ground at hi  feet, and Fang wa  whimpering and  training at hi  collar, apparently keen to inve tigate the content  more clo ely. A  they drew nearer, an odd rattling noi e reached their ear , punctuated by what  ounded like minor explo ion . “Mornin'!” Hagrid  aid, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “Be'er wait fer the Slytherin , they won' want ter mi  thi  - Bla t-Ended Skrewt !” “Come again?”  aid Ron. Hagrid pointed down into the crate . “Eurgh!”  quealed Lavender Brown, jumping backward. “Eurgh” ju t about  ummed up the Bla t-Ended Skrewt  in Harry'  opinion. They looked like deformed,  hell-le  lob ter , horribly pale and  limy-looking, with leg   ticking out in very odd place  and no vi ible head . There were about a hundred of them in each crate, each about  ix inche  long, crawling over one another, bumping blindly into the  ide  of the boxe . They were giving off a very powerful  mell of rotting fi h. Every now and then,  park  would fly out of the end of a  krewt, and with a  mall phut, it would be propelled forward  everal inche . “On'y ju ' hatched,”  aid Hagrid proudly, “ o yeh'll be able ter rai e 'em yer elve ! Thought we'd make a bit of a project of it!” “And why would we want to rai e them?”  aid a cold voice. The Slytherin  had arrived. The  peaker wa  Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling appreciatively at hi  word . Hagrid looked  tumped at the que tion. “I mean, what do they do?” a ked Malfoy. “What i  the point of them?” Hagrid opened hi  mouth, apparently thinking hard; there wa  a few  econd ' pau e, then he  aid roughly, “Tha'  next le on, Malfoy. Yer ju ' feedin' 'em today. Now, yeh'll wan' ter try 'em on a few diff'rent thing  - I've never had 'em before, not  ure what they'll go fer - I got ant egg  an' frog liver  an' a bit o' gra   nake - ju t try 'em out with a bit of each.” “Fir t pu  and now thi ,” muttered Seamu . Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up  quelchy handful  of frog liver and lower them into the crate  to tempt the Bla t-Ended Skrewt . Harry couldn't  uppre  the  u picion that the whole thing wa  entirely pointle , becau e the  krewt  didn't  eem to have mouth . “Ouch!” yelled Dean Thoma  after about ten minute . “It got me.” Hagrid hurried over to him, looking anxiou . “It  end exploded!”  aid Dean angrily,  howing Hagrid a burn on hi  hand. “Ah, yeah, that can happen when they bla t off,”  aid Hagrid, nodding. “Eurgh!”  aid Lavender Brown again. “Eurgh, Hagrid, what'  that pointy thing on it?” “Ah,  ome of 'em have got  ting ,”  aid Hagrid enthu ia tically (Lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box). “I reckon they're the male .…The female 've got  orta  ucker thing  on their bellie ….I think they might be ter  uck blood.” “Well, I can certainly  ee why we're trying to keep them alive,”  aid Malfoy  arca tically. “Who wouldn't want pet  that can burn,  ting, and bite all at once?” “Ju t becau e they're not very pretty, it doe n't mean they're not u eful,” Hermione  napped. “Dragon blood'  amazingly magical, but you wouldn't want a dragon for a pet, would you?” Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive  mile from behind hi  bu hy beard. Hagrid would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well - he had owned one for a brief period during their fir t year, a viciou  Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert. Hagrid  imply loved mon trou  creature , the more lethal, the better. “Well, at lea t the  krewt  are  mall,”  aid Ron a  they made their way back up to the ca tle for lunch an hour later. “They are now,”  aid Hermione in an exa perated voice, “but once Hagrid'  found out what they eat, I expect they'll be  ix feet long.” “Well, that won't matter if they turn out to cure  ea ickne  or  omething, will it?”  aid Ron, grinning  lyly at her. “You know perfectly well I only  aid that to  hut Malfoy up,”  aid Hermione. “A  a matter of fact I think he'  right. The be t thing to do would be to  tamp on the lot of them before they  tart attacking u  all.” They  at down at the Gryffindor table and helped them elve  to lamb chop  and potatoe . Hermione began to eat  o fa t that Harry and Ron  tared at her. “Er - i  thi  the new  tand on elf right ?”  aid Ron. “You're going to make your elf puke in tead?” “No,”  aid Hermione, with a  much dignity a   he could mu ter with her mouth bulging with  prout . “I ju t want to get to the library.” “What?”  aid Ron in di belief. “Hermione - it'  the fir t day back! We haven't even got homework yet!” Hermione  hrugged and continued to  hovel down her food a  though  he had not eaten for day . Then  he leapt to her feet,  aid, “See you at dinner!” and departed at high  peed. When the bell rang to  ignal the  tart of afternoon le on , Harry and Ron  et off for North Tower where, at the top of a tightly  piraling  tairca e, a  ilver  tepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling, and the room where Profe or Trelawney lived. The familiar  weet perfume  preading from the fire met their no tril  a  they emerged at the top of the  tepladder. A  ever, the curtain  were all clo ed; the circular room wa  bathed in a dim reddi h light ca t by the many lamp , which were all draped with  carve  and  hawl . Harry and Ron walked through the ma  of occupied chintz chair  and pouf  that cluttered the room, and  at down at the  ame  mall circular table. “Good day,”  aid the mi ty voice of Profe or Trelawney right behind Harry, making him jump. A very thin woman with enormou  gla e  that made her eye  appear far too large for her face, Profe or Trelawney wa  peering down at Harry with the tragic expre ion  he alway  wore whenever  he  aw him. The u ual large amount of bead , chain , and bangle  glittered upon her per on in the firelight. “You are preoccupied, my dear,”  he  aid mournfully to Harry. “My inner eye  ee  pa t your brave face to the troubled  oul within. And I regret to  ay that your worrie  are not ba ele . I  ee difficult time  ahead for you, ala …mo t difficult…I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pa .…and perhap   ooner than you think…” Her voice dropped almo t to a whi per. Ron rolled hi  eye  at Harry, who looked  tonily back. Profe or Trelawney  wept pa t them and  eated her elf in a large winged armchair before the fire, facing the cla . Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply admired Profe or Trelawney, were  itting on pouf  very clo e to her. “My dear , it i  time for u  to con ider the  tar ,”  he  aid. “The movement  of the planet  and the my teriou  portent  they reveal only to tho e who under tand the  tep  of the cele tial dance. Human de tiny may be deciphered by the planetary ray , which intermingle.…” But Harry'  thought  had drifted. The perfumed fire alway  made him feel  leepy and dull-witted, and Profe or Trelawney'  rambling talk  on fortune-telling never held him exactly  pellbound - though he couldn't help thinking about what  he had ju t  aid to him. “I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pa …” But Hermione wa  right, Harry thought irritably, Profe or Trelawney really wa  an old fraud. He wa n't dreading anything at the moment at all…well, unle  you counted hi  fear  that Siriu  had been caught…but what did Profe or Trelawney know? He had long  ince come to the conclu ion that her brand of fortunetelling wa  really no more than lucky gue work and a  pooky manner. Except, of cour e, for that time at the end of la t term, when  he had made the prediction about Voldemort ri ing again…and Dumbledore him elf had  aid that he thought that trance had been genuine, when Harry had de cribed it to him. “Harry!” Ron muttered. “What?” Harry looked around; the whole cla  wa   taring at him. He  at up  traight; he had been almo t dozing off, lo t in the heat and hi  thought . “I wa   aying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn,”  aid Profe or Trelawney, a faint note of re entment in her voice at the fact that he had obviou ly not been hanging on her word . “Born under - what,  orry?”  aid Harry. “Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!”  aid Profe or Trelawney,  ounding definitely irritated that he wa n't riveted by thi  new . “I wa   aying that Saturn wa   urely in a po ition of power in the heaven  at the moment of your birth.…Your dark hair…your mean  tature…tragic lo e   o young in life…I think I am right in  aying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?” “No,”  aid Harry, “I wa  born in July.” Ron ha tily turned hi  laugh into a hacking cough. Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and wa  attempting to fill in the po ition of the planet  at their moment of birth. It wa  dull work, requiring much con ultation of timetable  and calculation of angle . “I've got two Neptune  here,”  aid Harry after a while, frowning down at hi  piece of parchment, “that can't be right, can it?” “Aaaaah,”  aid Ron, imitating Profe or Trelawney'  my tical whi per, “when two Neptune  appear in the  ky, it i  a  ure  ign that a midget in gla e  i  being born, Harry….” Seamu  and Dean, who were working nearby,  niggered loudly, though not loudly enough to ma k the excited  queal  from Lavender Brown - “Oh Profe or, look! I think I've got an una pected planet! Oooh, which one'  that, Profe or?” “It i  Uranu , my dear,”  aid Profe or Trelawney, peering down at the chart. “Can I have a look at Uranu  too, Lavender?”  aid Ron. Mo t unfortunately, Profe or Trelawney heard him, and it wa  thi , perhap , that made her give them  o much homework at the end of the cla . “A detailed analy i  of the way the planetary movement  in the coming month will affect you, with reference to your per onal chart,”  he  napped,  ounding much more like Profe or McGonagall than her u ual airy-fairy  elf. “I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excu e !” “Mi erable old bat,”  aid Ron bitterly a  they joined the crowd  de cending the  tairca e  back to the Great Hall and dinner. “That'll take all weekend, that will…” “Lot  of homework?”  aid Hermione brightly, catching up with them. “Profe or Vector didn't give u  any at all!” “Well, bully for Profe or Vector,”  aid Ron moodily. They reached the entrance hall, which wa  packed with people queuing for dinner. They had ju t joined the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind them. “Wea ley! Hey, Wea ley!” Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were  tanding there, each looking thoroughly plea ed about  omething. “What?”  aid Ron  hortly. “Your dad'  in the paper, Wea ley!”  aid Malfoy, brandi hing a copy of the Daily Prophet and  peaking very loudly,  o that everyone in the packed entrance hall could hear. "Li ten to thi ! FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC It  eem  a  though the Mini try of Magic'  trouble  are not yet at an end, write  Rita Skeeter, Special Corre pondent. Recently under fire for it  poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and  till unable to account for the di appearance of one of it  witche , the Mini try wa  plunged into fre h embarra ment ye terday by the antic  of Arnold Wea ley, of the Mi u e of Muggle Artifact  Office." Malfoy looked up. “Imagine them not even getting hi  name right, Wea ley. It'  almo t a  though he'  a complete nonentity, i n't it?” he crowed. Everyone in the entrance hall wa  li tening now. Malfoy  traightened the paper with a flouri h and read on: Arnold Wea ley, who wa  charged with po e ion of a flying car two year  ago, wa  ye terday involved in a tu le with  everal Muggle law-keeper  (“policemen”) over a number of highly aggre ive du tbin . Mr. Wea ley appear  to have ru hed to the aid of “Mad-Eye” Moody, the aged ex-Auror who retired from the Mini try when no longer able to tell the difference between a hand hake and attempted murder. Un urpri ingly, Mr. Wea ley found, upon arrival at Mr. Moody'  heavily guarded hou e, that Mr. Moody had once again rai ed a fal e alarm. Mr. Wea ley wa  forced to modify  everal memorie  before he could e cape from the policemen, but refu ed to an wer Daily Prophet que tion  about why he had involved the Mini try in  uch an undignified and potentially embarra ing  cene. “And there'  a picture, Wea ley!”  aid Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding it up. “A picture of your parent  out ide their hou e - if you can call it a hou e! Your mother could do with lo ing a bit of weight, couldn't  he?” Ron wa   haking with fury. Everyone wa   taring at him. “Get  tuffed, Malfoy,”  aid Harry. “C'mon, Ron…” “Oh yeah, you were  taying with them thi   ummer, weren't you, Potter?”  neered Malfoy. “So tell me, i  hi  mother really that porky, or i  it ju t the picture?” “You know your mother, Malfoy?”  aid Harry - both he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron'  robe  to  top him from launching him elf at Malfoy - “that expre ion  he'  got, like  he'  got dung under her no e? Ha   he alway  looked like that, or wa  it ju t becau e you were with her?” Malfoy'  pale face went  lightly pink. “Don't you dare in ult my mother, Potter.” “Keep your fat mouth  hut, then,”  aid Harry, turning away. BANG! Several people  creamed - Harry felt  omething white-hot graze the  ide of hi  face - he plunged hi  hand into hi  robe  for hi  wand, but before he'd even touched it, he heard a  econd loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall. “OH NO YOU DON'T, LADDIE!” Harry  pun around. Profe or Moody wa  limping down the marble  tairca e. Hi  wand wa  out and it wa  pointing right at a pure white ferret, which wa   hivering on the  tone-flagged floor, exactly where Malfoy had been  tanding. There wa  a terrified  ilence in the entrance hall. Nobody but Moody wa  moving a mu cle. Moody turned to look at Harry - at lea t, hi  normal eye wa  looking at Harry; the other one wa  pointing into the back of hi  head. “Did he get you?” Moody growled. Hi  voice wa  low and gravelly. “No,”  aid Harry, “mi ed.” “LEAVE IT!” Moody  houted. “Leave - what?” Harry  aid, bewildered. “Not you - him!” Moody growled, jerking hi  thumb over hi   houlder at Crabbe, who had ju t frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. It  eemed that Moody'  rolling eye wa  magical and could  ee out of the back of hi  head. Moody  tarted to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a terrified  queak and took off,  treaking toward the dungeon . “I don't think  o!” roared Moody, pointing hi  wand at the ferret again - it flew ten feet into the air, fell with a  mack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more. “I don't like people who attack when their opponent'  back'  turned,” growled Moody a  the ferret bounced higher and higher,  quealing in pain. “Stinking, cowardly,  cummy thing to do…” The ferret flew through the air, it  leg  and tail flailing helple ly. “Never - do - that - again -”  aid Moody,  peaking each word a  the ferret hit the  tone floor and bounced upward again. “Profe or Moody!”  aid a  hocked voice. Profe or McGonagall wa  coming down the marble  tairca e with her arm  full of book . “Hello, Profe or McGonagall,”  aid Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret  till higher. “What - what are you doing?”  aid Profe or McGonagall, her eye  following the bouncing ferret'  progre  through the air. “Teaching,”  aid Moody. “Teach - Moody, i  that a  tudent?”  hrieked Profe or McGonagall, the book   pilling out of her arm . “Yep,”  aid Moody. “No!” cried Profe or McGonagall, running down the  tair  and pulling out her wand; a moment later, with a loud  napping noi e, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with hi   leek blond hair all over hi  now brilliantly pink face. He got to hi  feet, wincing. “Moody, we never u e Tran figuration a  a puni hment!”  aid Profe or McGonagall wealdy. “Surely Profe or Dumbledore told you that?” “He might've mentioned it, yeah,”  aid Moody,  cratching hi  chin unconcernedly, “but I thought a good  harp  hock -” “We give detention , Moody! Or  peak to the offender'  Head of Hou e!” “I'll do that, then,”  aid Moody,  taring at Malfoy with great di like. Malfoy, who e pale eye  were  till watering with pain and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Moody and muttered  omething in which the word  “my father” were di tingui hable. “Oh yeah?”  aid Moody quietly, limping forward a few  tep , the dull clunk of hi  wooden leg echoing around the hall. “Well, I know your father of old, boy.…You tell him Moody'  keeping a clo e eye on hi   on…you tell him that from me.…Now, your Head of Hou e'll be Snape, will it?” “Ye ,”  aid Malfoy re entfully. “Another old friend,” growled Moody. “I've been looking forward to a chat with old Snape.…Come on, you…” And he  eized Malfoy'  upper arm and marched him off toward the dungeon . Profe or McGonagall  tared anxiou ly after them for a few moment , then waved her wand at her fallen book , cau ing them to  oar up into the air and back into her arm . “Don't talk to me,” Ron  aid quietly to Harry and Hermione a  they  at down at the Gryffindor table a few minute  later,  urrounded by excited talk on all  ide  about what had ju t happened. “Why not?”  aid Hermione in  urpri e. “Becau e I want to fix that in my memory forever,”  aid Ron, hi  eye  clo ed and an uplifted expre ion on hi  face. “Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret.” Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began doling beef ca erole onto each of their plate . “He could have really hurt Malfoy, though,”  he  aid. “It wa  good, really, that Profe or McGonagall  topped it -” “Hermione!”  aid Ron furiou ly, hi  eye   napping open again, “you're ruining the be t moment of my life!” Hermione made an impatient noi e and began to eat at top  peed again. “Don't tell me you're going back to the library thi  evening?”  aid Harry, watching her. “Got to,”  aid Hermione thickly. “Load  to do.” “But you told u  Profe or Vector -” “It'  not  choolwork,”  he  aid. Within five minute ,  he had cleared her plate and departed. No  ooner had  he gone than her  eat wa  taken by Fred Wea ley. “Moody!” he  aid. “How cool i  he?” “Beyond cool,”  aid George,  itting down oppo ite Fred. “Supercool,”  aid the twin ' be t friend, Lee Jordan,  liding into the  eat be ide George. “We had him thi  afternoon,” he told Harry and Ron. “What wa  it like?”  aid Harry eagerly. Fred, George, and Lee exchanged look  full of meaning. “Never had a le on like it,”  aid Fred. “He know , man,”  aid Lee. “Know  what?”  aid Ron, leaning forward. “Know  what it'  like to be out there doing it,”  aid George impre ively. “Doing what?”  aid Harry. “Fighting the Dark Art ,”  aid Fred. “He'   een it all,”  aid George. “'Mazing,”  aid Lee. Ron dived into hi  bag for hi   chedule. “We haven't got him till Thur day!” he  aid in a di appointed voice. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER FOURTEEN THE UNFORGIVABLE CURSES T he next two day  pa ed without great incident, unle  you counted Neville melting hi   ixth cauldron in Potion . Profe or Snape, who  eemed to have attained new level  of vindictivene  over the  ummer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned from it in a  tate of nervou  collap e, having been made to di embowel a barrel full of horned toad . “You know why Snape'  in  uch a foul mood, don't you?”  aid Ron to Harry a  they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog gut  from under hi  fingernail . “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Moody.” It wa  common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Art  job, and he had now failed to get it for the fourth year running. Snape had di liked all of their previou  Dark Art  teacher , and  hown it - but he  eemed  trangely wary of di playing overt animo ity to Mad-Eye Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry  aw the two of them together - at mealtime , or when they pa ed in the corridor  - he had the di tinct impre ion that Snape wa  avoiding Moody'  eye, whether magical or normal. “I reckon Snape'  a bit  cared of him, you know,” Harry  aid thoughtfully. “Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad,”  aid Ron, hi  eye  mi ting over, “and bounced him all around hi  dungeon…” The Gryffindor fourth year  were looking forward to Moody'  fir t le on  o much that they arrived early on Thur day lunchtime and queued up out ide hi  cla room before the bell had even rung. The only per on mi ing wa  Hermione, who turned up ju t in time for the le on. “Been in the -” “Library.” Harry fini hed her  entence for her. “C'mon, quick, or we won't get decent  eat .” They hurried into three chair  right in front of the teacher'  de k, took out their copie  of The Dark Force : A Guide to Self-Protection, and waited, unu ually quiet. Soon they heard Moody'  di tinctive clunking foot tep  coming down the corridor, and he entered the room, looking a   trange and frightening a  ever. They could ju t  ee hi  clawed, wooden foot protruding from underneath hi  robe . “You can put tho e away,” he growled,  tumping over to hi  de k and  itting down, “tho e book . You won't need them.” They returned the book  to their bag , Ron looking excited. Moody took out a regi ter,  hook hi  long mane of grizzled gray hair out of hi  twi ted and  carred face, and began to call out name , hi  normal eye moving  teadily down the li t while hi  magical eye  wiveled around, fixing upon each  tudent a  he or  he an wered. “Right then,” he  aid, when the la t per on had declared them elve  pre ent, “I've had a letter from Profe or Lupin about thi  cla . Seem  you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creature  - you've covered boggart , Red Cap , hinkypunk , grindylow , Kappa , and werewolve , i  that right?” There wa  a general murmur of a ent. “But you're behind - very behind - on dealing with cur e ,”  aid Moody. “So I'm here to bring you up to  cratch on what wizard  can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark -” “What, aren't you  taying?” Ron blurted out. Moody'  magical eye  pun around to  tare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehen ive, but after a moment Moody  miled - the fir t time Harry had  een him do  o. The effect wa  to make hi  heavily  carred face look more twi ted and contorted than ever, but it wa  neverthele  good to know that he ever did anything a  friendly a   mile. Ron looked deeply relieved. “You'll be Arthur Wea ley'   on, eh?” Moody  aid. “Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few day  ago.…Yeah, I'm  taying ju t the one year. Special favor to Dumbledor.…One year, and then back to my quiet retirement.” He gave a har h laugh, and then clapped hi  gnarled hand  together. “So -  traight into it. Cur e . They come in many  trength  and form . Now, according to the Mini try of Magic, I'm  uppo ed to teach you countercur e  and leave it at that. I'm not  uppo ed to  how you what illegal Dark cur e  look like until you're in the  ixth year. You're not  uppo ed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Profe or Dumbledore'  got a higher opinion of your nerve , he reckon  you can cope, and I  ay, the  ooner you know what you're up again t, the better. How are you  uppo ed to defend your elf again t  omething you've never  een? A wizard who'  about to put an illegal cur e on you i n't going to tell you what he'  about to do. He'  not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Mi  Brown, when I'm talking.” Lavender jumped and blu hed. She had been  howing Parvati her completed horo cope under the de k. Apparently Moody'  magical eye could  ee through  olid wood, a  well a  out of the back of hi  head. “So…do any of you know which cur e  are mo t heavily puni hed by wizarding law?” Several hand  ro e tentatively into the air, including Ron'  and Hermione' . Moody pointed at Ron, though hi  magical eye wa   till fixed on Lavender. “Er,”  aid Ron tentatively, “my dad told me about one.…I  it called the Imperiu  Cur e, or  omething?” “Ah, ye ,”  aid Moody appreciatively. “Your father would know that one. Gave the Mini try a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperiu  Cur e.” Moody got heavily to hi  mi matched feet, opened hi  de k drawer, and took out a gla  jar. Three large black  pider  were  cuttling around in ide it. Harry felt Ron recoil  lightly next to him - Ron hated  pider . Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the  pider , and held it in the palm of hi  hand  o that they could all  ee it. He then pointed hi  wand at it and muttered, “Imperio!” The  pider leapt from Moody'  hand on a fine thread of  ilk and began to  wing backward and forward a  though on a trapeze. It  tretched out it  leg  rigidly, then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the de k, where it began to cartwheel in circle . Moody jerked hi  wand, and the  pider ro e onto two of it  hind leg  and went into what wa  unmi takably a tap dance. Everyone wa  laughing - everyone except Moody. “Think it'  funny, do you?” he growled. “You'd like it, would you, if I did it to you?” The laughter died away almo t in tantly. “Total control,”  aid Moody quietly a  the  pider balled it elf up and began to roll over and over. “I could make it jump out of the window, drown it elf, throw it elf down one of your throat …” Ron gave an involuntary  hudder. “Year  back, there were a lot of witche  and wizard  being controlled by the Imperiu  Cur e,”  aid Moody, and Harry knew he wa  talking about the day  in which Voldemort had been all-powerful. "Some job for the Mini try, trying to  ort out who wa  being forced to act, and who wa  acting of their own free will. “The Imperiu  Cur e can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but it take  real  trength of character, and not everyone'  got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!” he barked, and everyone jumped. Moody picked up the  omer aulting  pider and threw it back into the jar. “Anyone el e know one? Another illegal cur e?” Hermione'  hand flew into the air again and  o, to Harry'   light  urpri e, did Neville' . The only cla  in which Neville u ually volunteered information wa  Herbology which wa  ea ily hi  be t  ubject. Neville looked  urpri ed at hi  own daring. “Ye ?”  aid Moody, hi  magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville. “There'  one - the Cruciatu  Cur e,”  aid Neville in a  mall but di tinct voice. Moody wa  looking very intently at Neville, thi  time with both eye . “Your name'  Longbottom?” he  aid, hi  magical eye  wooping down to check the regi ter again. Neville nodded nervou ly, but Moody made no further inquirie . Turning back to the cla  at large, he reached into the jar for the next  pider and placed it upon the de ktop, where it remained motionle , apparently too  cared to move. “The Cruciatu  Cur e,”  aid Moody. “Need  to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,” he  aid, pointing hi  wand at the  pider. “Engorgio!” The  pider  welled. It wa  now larger than a tarantula. Abandoning all preten e, Ron pu hed hi  chair backward, a  far away from Moody'  de k a  po ible. Moody rai ed hi  wand again, pointed it at the  pider, and muttered, “Crucio!” At once, the  pider'  leg  bent in upon it  body; it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from  ide to  ide. No  ound came from it, but Harry wa   ure that if it could have given voice, it would have been  creaming. Moody did not remove hi  wand, and the  pider  tarted to  hudder and jerk more violently - “Stop it!” Hermione  aid  hrilly." Harry looked around at her. She wa  looking, not at the  pider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze,  aw that Neville'  hand  were clenched upon the de k in front of him, hi  knuckle  white, hi  eye  wide and horrified. Moody rai ed hi  wand. The  pider'  leg  relaxed, but it continued to twitch. “Reducio,” Moody muttered, and the  pider  hrank back to it  proper  ize. He put it back into the jar. “Pain,”  aid Moody  oftly. "You don't need thumb crew  or knive  to torture  omeone if you can perform the Cruciatu  Cur e.…That one wa  very popular once too. “Right…anyone know any other ?” Harry looked around. From the look  on everyone'  face , he gue ed they were all wondering what wa  going to happen to the la t  pider. Hermione'  hand  hook  lightly a , for the third time,  he rai ed it into the air. “Ye ?”  aid Moody, looking at her. “Avada Kedavra,” Hermione whi pered. Several people looked unea ily around at her, including Ron. “Ah,”  aid Moody, another  light  mile twi ting hi  lop ided mouth. “Ye , the la t and wor t. Avada Kedavra.…the Killing Cur e.” He put hi  hand into the gla  jar, and almo t a  though it knew what wa  coming, the third  pider  cuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar, trying to evade Moody'  finger , but he trapped it, and placed it upon the de ktop. It  tarted to  cuttle frantically acro  the wooden  urface. Moody rai ed hi  wand, and Harry felt a  udden thrill of foreboding. “Avada Kedavra!” Moody roared. There wa  a fla h of blinding green light and a ru hing  ound, a  though a va t, invi ible  omething wa   oaring through the air - in tantaneou ly the  pider rolled over onto it  back, unmarked, but unmi takably dead. Several of the  tudent   tifled crie ; Ron had thrown him elf backward and almo t toppled off hi   eat a  the  pider  kidded toward him. Moody  wept the dead  pider off the de k onto the floor. “Not nice,” he  aid calmly. “Not plea ant. And there'  no countercur e. There'  no blocking it. Only one known per on ha  ever  urvived it, and he'   itting right in front of me.” Harry felt hi  face redden a  Moody'  eye  (both of them) looked into hi  own. He could feel everyone el e looking around at him too. Harry  tared at the blank blackboard a  though fa cinated by it, but not really  eeing it at all.… So that wa  how hi  parent  had died…exactly like that  pider. Had they been unblemi hed and unmarked too? Had they  imply  een the fla h of green light and heard the ru h of  peeding death, before life wa  wiped from their bodie ? Harry had been picturing hi  parent ' death  over and over again for three year  now, ever  ince he'd found out they had been murdered, ever  ince he'd found out what had happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed hi  parent ' whereabout  to Voldemort, who had come to find them at their cottage. How Voldemort had killed Harry'  father fir t. How Jame  Potter had tried to hold him off, while he  houted at hi  wife to take Harry and run…Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move a ide  o that he could kill Harry…how  he had begged him to kill her in tead, refu ed to  top  hielding her  on…and  o Voldemort had murdered her too, before turning hi  wand on Harry.… Harry knew the e detail  becau e he had heard hi  parent ' voice  when he had fought the dementor  la t year - for that wa  the terrible power of the dementor : to force their victim  to relive the wor t memorie  of their live , and drown, powerle , in their own de pair.… Moody wa   peaking again, from a great di tance, it  eemed to Harry. With a ma ive effort, he pulled him elf back to the pre ent and li tened to what Moody wa   aying. "Avada Kedavra'  a cur e that need  a powerful bit of magic behind it - you could all get your wand  out now and point them at me and  ay the word , and I doubt I'd get  o much a  a no ebleed. But that doe n't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it. “Now, if there'  no countercur e, why am I  howing you? Becau e you've got to know. You've got to appreciate what the wor t i . You don't want to find your elf in a  ituation where you're facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!” he roared, and the whole cla  jumped again. “Now…tho e three cur e  - Avada Kedavra, Imperiu , and Cruciatu  - are known a  the Unforgivable Cur e . The u e of any one of them on a fellow human being i  enough to earn a life  entence in Azkaban. That'  what you're up again t. That'  what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But mo t of all, you need to practice con tant, never-cea ing vigilance. Get out your quill …copy thi  down.…” They  pent the re t of the le on taking note  on each of the Unforgivable Cur e . No one  poke until the bell rang - but when Moody had di mi ed them and they had left the cla room, a torrent of talk bur t forth. Mo t people were di cu ing the cur e  in awed voice  - “Did you  ee it twitch?” “- and when he killed it - ju t like that!” They were talking about the le on, Harry thought, a  though it had been  ome  ort of  pectacular  how, but he hadn't found it very entertaining - and nor, it  eemed, had Hermione. “Hurry up,”  he  aid ten ely to Harry and Ron. “Not the ruddy library again?”  aid Ron. “No,”  aid Hermione curtly, pointing up a  ide pa age. “Neville.” Neville wa   tanding alone, halfway up the pa age,  taring at the  tone wall oppo ite him with the  ame horrified, wide-eyed look he had worn when Moody had demon trated the Cruciatu  Cur e. “Neville?” Hermione  aid gently. Neville looked around. “Oh hello,” he  aid, hi  voice much higher than u ual. “Intere ting le on, wa n't it? I wonder what'  for dinner, I'm - I'm  tarving, aren't you?” “Neville, are you all right?”  aid Hermione. “Oh ye , I'm fine,” Neville gabbled in the  ame unnaturally high voice. “Very intere ting dinner - I mean le on - what'  for eating?” Ron gave Harry a  tartled look. “Neville, what -?” But an odd clunking noi e  ounded behind them, and they turned to  ee Profe or Moody limping toward them. All four of them fell  ilent, watching him apprehen ively, but when he  poke, it wa  in a much lower and gentler growl than they had yet heard. “It'  all right,  onny,” he  aid to Neville. “Why don't you come up to my office? Come on…we can have a cup of tea.…” Neville looked even more frightened at the pro pect of tea with Moody. He neither moved nor  poke. Moody turned hi  magical eye upon Harry. “You all right, are you, Potter?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, almo t defiantly. Moody'  blue eye quivered  lightly in it   ocket a  it  urveyed Harry. Then he  aid, “You've got to know. It  eem  har h, maybe, but you've got to know. No point pretending…well…come on, Longbottom, I've got  ome book  that might intere t you.” Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they didn't  ay anything,  o Neville had no choice but to allow him elf to be  teered away, one of Moody'  gnarled hand  on hi   houlder. “What wa  that about?”  aid Ron, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner. “I don't know,”  aid Hermione, looking pen ive. “Some le on, though, eh?”  aid Ron to Harry a  they  et off for the Great Hall. “Fred and George were right, weren't they? He really know  hi   tuff, Moody, doe n't he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that  pider ju t died, ju t  nuffed it right -” But Ron fell  uddenly  ilent at the look on Harry'  face and didn't  peak again until they reached the Great Hall, when he  aid he  uppo ed they had better make a  tart on Profe or Trelawney'  prediction  tonight,  ince they would take hour . Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron'  conver ation during dinner, but ate furiou ly fa t, and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing el e all through dinner, now rai ed the  ubject of the Unforgivable Cur e  him elf. “Wouldn't Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Mini try if they knew we'd  een the cur e ?” Harry a ked a  they approached the Fat Lady. “Yeah, probably,”  aid Ron. “But Dumbledore'  alway  done thing  hi  way, ha n't he, and Moody'  been getting in trouble for year , I reckon. Attack  fir t and a k  que tion  later - look at hi  du tbin . Balderda h.” The Fat Lady  wung forward to reveal the entrance hole, and they climbed into the Gryffindor common room, which wa  crowded and noi y. “Shall we get our Divination  tuff, then?”  aid Harry. “I  'po e,” Ron groaned. They went up to the dormitory to fetch their book  and chart , to find Neville there alone,  itting on hi  bed, reading. He looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Moody'  le on, though  till not entirely normal. Hi  eye  were rather red. “You all right, Neville?” Harry a ked him. “Oh ye ,”  aid Neville, “I'm fine, thank . Ju t reading thi  book Profe or Moody lent me…” He held up the book: Magical Water Plant  of the Mediterranean. “Apparently, Profe or Sprout told Profe or Moody I'm really good at Herbology,” Neville  aid. There wa  a faint note of pride in hi  voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. “He thought I'd like thi .” Telling Neville what Profe or Sprout had  aid, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that he wa  good at anything. It wa  the  ort of thing Profe or Lupin would have done. Harry and Ron took their copie  of Unfogging the Future back down to the common room, found a table, and  et to work on their prediction  for the coming month. An hour later, they had made very little progre , though their table wa  littered with bit  of parchment bearing  um  and  ymbol , and Harry'  brain wa  a  fogged a  though it had been filled with the fume  from Profe or Trelawney'  fire. “I haven't got a clue what thi  lot'   uppo ed to mean,” he  aid,  taring down at a long li t of calculation . “You know,”  aid Ron, who e hair wa  on end becau e of all the time  he had run hi  finger  through it in fru tration, “I think it'  back to the old Divination  tandby.” “What - make it up?” “Yeah,”  aid Ron,  weeping the jumble of  crawled note  off the table, dipping hi  pen into  ome ink, and  tarting to write. “Next Monday,” he  aid a  he  cribbled, “I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mar  and Jupiter.” He looked up at Harry. “You know her - ju t put in load  of mi ery,  he'll lap it up.” “Right,”  aid Harry, crumpling up hi  fir t attempt and lobbing it over the head  of a group of chattering fir t year  into the fire. “Okay…on Monday, I will be in danger of - er - burn .” “Yeah, you will be,”  aid Ron darkly, “we're  eeing the  krewt  again on Monday. Okay, Tue day, I'll…erm…” “Lo e a trea ured po e ion,”  aid Harry, who wa  flicking through Unfogging the Future for idea . “Good one,”  aid Ron, copying it down. “Becau e of…erm…Mercury. Why don't you get  tabbed in the back by  omeone you thought wa  a friend?” “Yeah…cool…”  aid Harry,  cribbling it down, “becau e…Venu  i  in the twelfth hou e.” “And on Wedne day, I think I'll come off wor t in a fight.” “Aaah, I wa  going to have a fight. Okay, I'll lo e a bet.” “Yeah, you'll be betting I'll win my fight.…” They continued to make up prediction  (which grew  teadily more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around them  lowly emptied a  people went up to bed. Crook hank  wandered over to them, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and  tared in crutably at Harry, rather a  Hermione might look if  he knew they weren't doing their homework properly. Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of mi fortune he hadn't yet u ed, Harry  aw Fred and George  itting together again t the oppo ite wall, head  together, quill  out, poring over a  ingle piece of parchment. It wa  mo t unu ual to  ee Fred and George hidden away in a corner and working  ilently; they u ually liked to be in the thick of thing  and the noi y center of attention. There wa   omething  ecretive about the way they were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry wa  reminded of how they had  at together writing  omething back at the Burrow. He had thought then that it wa  another order form for Wea ley ' Wizard Wheeze , but it didn't look like that thi  time; if it had been, they would  urely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. He wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament. A  Harry watched, George  hook hi  head at Fred,  cratched out  omething with hi  quill, and  aid, in a very quiet voice that neverthele  carried acro  the almo t de erted room, “No - that  ound  like we're accu ing him. Got to be careful…” Then George looked over and  aw Harry watching him. Harry grinned and quickly returned to hi  prediction  - he didn't want George to think he wa  eave dropping. Shortly after that, the twin  rolled up their parchment,  aid good night, and went off to bed. Fred and George had been gone ten minute  or  o when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room carrying a  heaf of parchment in one hand and a box who e content  rattled a   he walked in the other. Crook hank  arched hi  back, purring. “Hello,”  he  aid, “I've ju t fini hed!” “So have I!”  aid Ron triumphantly, throwing down hi  quill. Hermione  at down, laid the thing   he wa  carrying in an empty armchair, and pulled Ron'  prediction  toward her. “Not going to have a very good month, are you?”  he  aid  ardonically a  Crook hank  curled up in her lap. “Ah well, at lea t I'm forewarned,” Ron yawned. “You  eem to be drowning twice,”  aid Hermione. “Oh am I?”  aid Ron, peering down at hi  prediction . “I'd better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging hippogriff.” “Don't you think it'  a bit obviou  you've made the e up?”  aid Hermione. “How dare you!”  aid Ron, in mock outrage. “We've been working like hou e-elve  here!” Hermione rai ed her eyebrow . “It'  ju t an expre ion,”  aid Ron ha tily. Harry laid down hi  quill too, having ju t fini hed predicting hi  own death by decapitation. “What'  in the box?” he a ked, pointing at it. “Funny you  hould a k,”  aid Hermione, with a na ty look at Ron. She took off the lid and  howed them the content . In ide were about fifty badge , all of different color , but all bearing the  ame letter : S. P. E .W. “Spew?”  aid Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. “What'  thi  about?” “Not  pew,”  aid Hermione impatiently. “It'  S-P-E-W. Stand  for the Society for the Promotion of Elfi h Welfare.” “Never heard of it,”  aid Ron. “Well, of cour e you haven't,”  aid Hermione bri kly, “I've only ju t  tarted it.” “Yeah?”  aid Ron in mild  urpri e. “How many member  have you got?” “Well - if you two join - three,”  aid Hermione. “And you think we want to walk around wearing badge   aying ' pew,' do you?”  aid Ron. “S-P-E-W!”  aid Hermione hotly. “I wa  going to put Stop the Outrageou  Abu e of Our Fellow Magical Creature  and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Statu  - but it wouldn't fit. So that'  the heading of our manife to.” She brandi hed the  heaf of parchment at them. “I've been re earching it thoroughly in the library. Elf en lavement goe  back centurie . I can't believe no one'  done anything about it before now.” “Hermione - open your ear ,”  aid Ron loudly. “They. Like. It. They like being en laved!” “Our  hort-term aim ,”  aid Hermione,  peaking even more loudly than Ron, and acting a  though  he hadn't heard a word, “are to  ecure hou e-elve  fair wage  and working condition . Our long-term aim  include changing the law about non-wand u e, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature , becau e they're  hockingly underrepre ented.” “And how do we do all thi ?” Harry a ked. “We  tart by recruiting member ,”  aid Hermione happily. “I thought two Sickle  to join - that buy  a badge - and the proceed  can fund our leaflet campaign. You're trea urer, Ron - I've got you a collecting tin up tair  - and Harry, you're  ecretary,  o you might want to write down everything I'm  aying now, a  a record of our fir t meeting.” There wa  a pau e in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry  at, torn between exa peration at Hermione and amu ement at the look on Ron'  face. The  ilence wa  broken, not by Ron, who in any ca e looked a  though he wa  temporarily dumb truck, but by a  oft tap, tap on the window. Harry looked acro  the now empty common room and  aw, illuminated by the moonlight, a  nowy owl perched on the window ill. “Hedwig!” he  houted, and he launched him elf out of hi  chair and acro  the room to pull open the window. Hedwig flew in ide,  oared acro  the room, and landed on the table on top of Harry'  prediction . “About time!”  aid Harry, hurrying after her. “She'  got an an wer!”  aid Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig'  leg. Harry ha tily untied it and  at down to read, whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto hi  knee, hooting  oftly. “What doe  it  ay?” Hermione a ked breathle ly. The letter wa  very  hort, and looked a  though it had been  crawled in a great hurry. Harry read it aloud: Harry - I'm flying north immediately. Thi  new  about your  car i  the late t in a  erie  of  trange rumor  that have reached me here. If it hurt  again, go  traight to Dumbledore - they're  aying he'  got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which mean  he'  reading the  ign , even if no one el e i . I'll be in touch  oon. My be t to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eye  open, Harry. Siriu  Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who  tared back at him. “He'  flying north?” Hermione whi pered. “He'  coming back?” “Dumbledore'  reading what  ign ?”  aid Ron, looking perplexed. “Harry - what'  up?” For Harry had ju t hit him elf in the forehead with hi  fi t, jolting Hedwig out of hi  lap. “I  houldn't've told him!” Harry  aid furiou ly. “What are you on about?”  aid Ron in  urpri e. “It'  made him think he'  got to come back!”  aid Harry, now  lamming hi  fi t on the table  o that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron'  chair, hooting indignantly. “Coming back, becau e he think  I'm in trouble! And there'  nothing wrong with me! And I haven't got anything for you,” Harry  napped at Hedwig, who wa  clicking her beak expectantly, “you'll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food.” Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and took off for the open window, cuffing him around the head with her out tretched wing a   he went. “Harry,” Hermione began, in a pacifying  ort of voice. “I'm going to bed,”  aid Harry  hortly. “See you in the morning.” Up tair  in the dormitory he pulled on hi  pajama  and got into hi  four-po ter, but he didn't feel remotely tired. If Siriu  came back and got caught, it would be hi , Harry' , fault. Why hadn't he kept hi  mouth  hut? A few  econd ' pain and he'd had to blab.…If he'd ju t had the  en e to keep it to him elf.… He heard Ron come up into the dormitory a  hort while later, but did not  peak to him. For a long time, Harry lay  taring up at the dark canopy of hi  bed. The dormitory wa  completely  ilent, and, had he been le  preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the ab ence of Neville'  u ual  nore  meant that he wa  not the only one lying awake. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER FIFTEEN BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTRANG E arly next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in hi  mind, a  though hi   leeping brain had been working on it all night. He got up, dre ed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and went back down to the de erted common room. Here he took a piece of parchment from the table upon which hi  Divination homework  till lay and wrote the following letter: Dear Siriu , I reckon I ju t imagined my  car hurting, I wa  half a leep when I wrote to you la t time. There'  no point coming back, everything'  fine here. Don't worry about me, my head feel  completely normal. Harry He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the  ilent ca tle (held up only briefly by Peeve , who tried to overturn a large va e on him halfway along the fourth-floor corridor), finally arriving at the Owlery, which wa   ituated at the top of We t Tower. The Owlery wa  a circular  tone room, rather cold and drafty, becau e none of the window  had gla  in them. The floor wa  entirely covered in  traw, owl dropping , and the regurgitated  keleton  of mice and vole . Hundred  upon hundred  of owl  of every breed imaginable were ne tled here on perche  that ro e right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them a leep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. He  potted Hedwig ne tled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her,  liding a little on the dropping- trewn floor. It took him a while to per uade her to wake up and then to look at him, a   he kept  huffling around on her perch,  howing him her tail. She wa  evidently  till furiou  about hi  lack of gratitude the previou  night. In the end, it wa  Harry  ugge ting  he might be too tired, and that perhap  he would a k Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her  tick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it. “Ju t find him, all right?” Harry  aid,  troking her back a  he carried her on hi  arm to one of the hole  in the wall. “Before the dementor  do.” She nipped hi  finger, perhap  rather harder than  he would ordinarily have done, but hooted  oftly in a rea uring  ort of way all the  ame. Then  he  pread her wing  and took off into the  unri e. Harry watched her fly out of  ight with the familiar feeling of unea e back in hi   tomach. He had been  o  ure that Siriu '  reply would alleviate hi  worrie  rather than increa ing them. “That wa  a lie, Harry,”  aid Hermione  harply over breakfa t, when he told her and Ron what he had done. “You didn't imagine your  car hurting and you know it.” “So what?”  aid Harry. “He'  not going back to Azkaban becau e of me.” “Drop it,”  aid Ron  harply to Hermione a   he opened her mouth to argue  ome more, and for once, Hermione heeded him, and fell  ilent. Harry did hi  be t not to worry about Siriu  over the next couple of week . True, he could not  top him elf from looking anxiou ly around every morning when the po t owl  arrived, nor, late at night before he went to  leep, prevent him elf from  eeing horrible vi ion  of Siriu , cornered by dementor  down  ome dark London  treet, but betweentime  he tried to keep hi  mind off hi  godfather. He wi hed he  till had Quidditch to di tract him; nothing worked  o well on a troubled mind a  a good, hard training  e ion. On the other hand, their le on  were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Moody'  Defen e Again t the Dark Art . To their  urpri e, Profe or Moody had announced that he would be putting the Imperiu  Cur e on each of them in turn, to demon trate it  power and to  ee whether they could re i t it  effect . “But - but you  aid it'  illegal, Profe or,”  aid Hermione uncertainly a  Moody cleared away the de k  with a  weep of hi  wand, leaving a large clear  pace in the middle of the room. “You  aid - to u e it again t another human wa  -” “Dumbledore want  you taught what it feel  like,”  aid Moody, hi  magical eye  wiveling onto Hermione and fixing her with an eerie, unblinking  tare. “If you'd rather learn the hard way - when  omeone'  putting it on you  o they can control you completely - fine by me. You're excu ed. Off you go.” He pointed one gnarled finger toward the door. Hermione went very pink and muttered  omething about not meaning that  he wanted to leave. Harry and Ron grinned at each other. They knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pu  than mi   uch an important le on. Moody began to beckon  tudent  forward in turn and put the Imperiu  Cur e upon them. Harry watched a , one by one, hi  cla mate  did the mo t extraordinary thing  under it  influence. Dean Thoma  hopped three time  around the room,  inging the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitated a  quirrel. Neville performed a  erie  of quite a toni hing gymna tic  he would certainly not have been capable of in hi  normal  tate. Not one of them  eemed to be able to fight off the cur e, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed it. “Potter,” Moody growled, “you next.” Harry moved forward into the middle of the cla room, into the  pace that Moody had cleared of de k . Moody rai ed hi  wand, pointed it at Harry, and  aid, “Imperio!” It wa  the mo t wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating  en ation a  every thought and worry in hi  head wa  wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happine . He  tood there feeling immen ely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching him. And then he heard Mad-Eye Moody'  voice, echoing in  ome di tant chamber of hi  empty brain: Jump onto the de k…jump onto the de k… Harry bent hi  knee  obediently, preparing to  pring. Jump onto the de k .… Why, though? Another voice had awoken in the back of hi  brain. Stupid thing to do, really,  aid the voice. Jump onto the de k.… No, I don't think I will, thank ,  aid the other voice, a little more firmly…no, I don't really want to.… Jump! NOW! The next thing Harry felt wa  con iderable pain. He had both jumped and tried to prevent him elf from jumping - the re ult wa  that he'd  ma hed headlong into the de k knocking it over, and, by the feeling in hi  leg , fractured both hi  kneecap . “Now, that'  more like it!” growled Moody'  voice, and  uddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in hi  head di appear. He remembered exactly what wa  happening, and the pain in hi  knee   eemed to double. “Look at that, you lot…Potter fought! He fought it, and he damn near beat it! We'll try that again, Potter, and the re t of you, pay attention - watch hi  eye , that'  where you  ee it - very good, Potter, very good indeed! They'll have trouble controlling you!” “The way he talk ,” Harry muttered a  he hobbled out of the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  cla  an hour later (Moody had in i ted on putting Harry through hi  pace  four time  in a row, until Harry could throw off the cur e entirely), “you'd think we were all going to be attacked any  econd.” “Yeah, I know,”  aid Ron, who wa   kipping on every alternate  tep. He had had much more difficulty with the cur e than Harry, though Moody a ured him the effect  would wear off by lunchtime. “Talk about paranoid…” Ron glanced nervou ly over hi   houlder to check that Moody wa  definitely out of ear hot and went on. “No wonder they were glad to get  hot of him at the Mini try. Did you hear him telling Seamu  what he did to that witch who  houted 'Boo' behind him on April Fool ' Day? And when are we  uppo ed to read up on re i ting the Imperiu  Cur e with everything el e we've got to do?” All the fourth year  had noticed a definite increa e in the amount of work they were required to do thi  term. Profe or McGonagall explained why, when the cla  gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Tran figuration homework  he had a igned. “You are now entering a mo t important pha e of your magical education!”  he told them, her eye  glinting dangerou ly behind her  quare  pectacle . “Your Ordinary Wizarding Level  are drawing clo er -” “We don't take O.W.L.  till fifth year!”  aid Dean Thoma  indignantly. “Maybe not, Thoma , but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! Mi  Granger remain  the only per on in thi  cla  who ha  managed to turn a hedgehog into a  ati factory pincu hion. I might remind you that your pincu hion, Thoma ,  till curl  up in fright if anyone approache  it with a pin!” Hermione, who had turned rather pink again,  eemed to be trying not to look too plea ed with her elf. Harry and Ron were deeply amu ed when Profe or Trelawney told them that they had received top mark  for their homework in their next Divination cla . She read out large portion  of their prediction , commending them for their unflinching acceptance of the horror  in  tore for them - but they were le  amu ed when  he a ked them to do the  ame thing for the month after next; both of them were running out of idea  for cata trophe . Meanwhile Profe or Binn , the gho t who taught Hi tory of Magic, had them writing weekly e ay  on the goblin rebellion  of the eighteenth century. Profe or Snape wa  forcing them to re earch antidote . They took thi  one  eriou ly, a  he had hinted that he might be poi oning one of them before Chri tma  to  ee if their antidote worked. Profe or Flitwick had a ked them to read three extra book  in preparation for their le on on Summoning Charm . Even Hagrid wa  adding to their workload. The Bla t-Ended Skrewt  were growing at a remarkable pace given that nobody had yet di covered what they ate. Hagrid wa  delighted, and a  part of their “project,”  ugge ted that they come down to hi  hut on alternate evening  to ob erve the  krewt  and make note  on their extraordinary behavior. “I will not,”  aid Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid had propo ed thi  with the air of Father Chri tma  pulling an extra-large toy out of hi   ack. “I  ee enough of the e foul thing  during le on , thank .” Hagrid'   mile faded off hi  face. “Yeh'll do wha' yer told,” he growled, “or I'll be takin' a leaf outta Profe or Moody'  book.…I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy.” The Gryffindor  roared with laughter. Malfoy flu hed with anger, but apparently the memory of Moody'  puni hment wa   till  ufficiently painful to  top him from retorting. Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to the ca tle at the end of the le on in high  pirit ;  eeing Hagrid put down Malfoy wa  particularly  ati fying, e pecially becau e Malfoy had done hi  very be t to get Hagrid  acked the previou  year. When they arrived in the entrance hall, they found them elve  unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of  tudent  congregated there, all milling around a large  ign that had been erected at the foot of the marble  tairca e. Ron, the talle t of the three,  tood on tiptoe to  ee over the head  in front of them and read the  ign aloud to the other two: TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT THE DELEGATIONS FROM BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTRANG WILL BE ARRIVING AT 6 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY THE 30TH OF OCTOBER. LESSONS WILL END HALF AN HOUR EARLY- “Brilliant!”  aid Harry. “It'  Potion  la t thing on Friday! Snape won't have time to poi on u  all!” STUDENTS WILL RETURN THEIR BAGS AND BOOKS TO THEIR DORMITORIES AND ASSEMBLE IN FRONT OF THE CASTLE TO GREET OUR GUESTS BEFORETHE WELCOMING FEAST. “Only a week away!”  aid Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, hi  eye  gleaming. “I wonder if Cedric know ? Think I'll go and tell him.…” “Cedric?”  aid Ron blankly a  Ernie hurried off. “Diggory,”  aid Harry. “He mu t be entering the tournament.” “That idiot, Hogwart  champion?”  aid Ron a  they pu hed their way through the chattering crowd toward the  tairca e. “He'  not an idiot. You ju t don't like him becau e he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch,”  aid Hermione. “I've heard he'  a really good  tudent - and he'  a prefect.” She  poke a  though thi   ettled the matter. “You only like him becau e he'  hand ome,”  aid Ron  cathingly. “Excu e me, I don't like people ju t becau e they're hand ome!”  aid Hermione indignantly. Ron gave a loud fal e cough, which  ounded oddly like “Lockhart!” The appearance of the  ign in the entrance hall had a marked effect upon the inhabitant  of the ca tle. During the following week, there  eemed to be only one topic of conver ation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumor  were flying from  tudent to  tudent like highly contagiou  germ : who wa  going to try for Hogwart  champion, what the tournament would involve, how the  tudent  from Beauxbaton  and Durm trang differed from them elve . Harry noticed too that the ca tle  eemed to be undergoing an extra-thorough cleaning. Several grimy portrait  had been  crubbed, much to the di plea ure of their  ubject , who  at huddled in their frame  muttering darkly and wincing a  they felt their raw pink face . The  uit  of armor were  uddenly gleaming and moving without  queaking, and Argu  Filch, the caretaker, wa  behaving  o ferociou ly to any  tudent  who forgot to wipe their  hoe  that he terrified a pair of fir t-year girl  into hy teric . Other member  of the  taff  eemed oddly ten e too. “Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can't even perform a  imple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durm trang!” Profe or McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult le on, during which Neville had accidentally tran planted hi  own ear  onto a cactu . When they went down to breakfa t on the morning of the thirtieth of October, they found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormou   ilk banner  hung from the wall , each of them repre enting a Hogwart  Hou e: red with a gold lion for Gryffiindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a  ilver  erpent for Slytherin. Behind the teacher ' table, the large t banner of all bore the Hogwart  coat of arm : lion, eagle, badger, and  nake united around a large letter H. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  at down be ide Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and mo t unu ually, they were  itting apart from everyone el e and conver ing in low voice . Ron led the way over to them. “It'  a bummer, all right,” George wa   aying gloomily to Fred. “But if he won't talk to u  in per on, we'll have to  end him the letter after all. Or we'll  tuff it into hi  hand. He can't avoid u  forrever.” “Who'  avoiding you?”  aid Ron,  itting down next to them. “Wi h you would,”  aid Fred, looking irritated at the interruption. “What'  a bummer?” Ron a ked George. “Having a no y git like you for a brother,”  aid George. “You two got any idea  on the Triwizard Tournament yet?” Harry a ked. “Thought any more about trying to enter?” “I a ked McGonagall how the champion  are cho en but  he wa n't telling,”  aid George bitterly. “She ju t told me to  hut up and get on with tran figuring my raccoon.” “Wonder what the ta k  are going to be?”  aid Ron thoughtfully. “You know, I bet we could do them, Harry. We've done dangerou   tuff before.…” “Not in front of a panel of judge , you haven't,”  aid Fred. “McGonagall  ay  the champion  get awarded point  according to how well they've done the ta k .” “Who are the judge ?” Harry a ked. “Well, the Head  of the participating  chool  are alway  on the panel,”  aid Hermione, and everyone looked around at her, rather  urpri ed, “becau e all three of them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champion  were  uppo ed to be catching went on the rampage.” She noticed them all looking at her and  aid, with her u ual air of impatience that nobody el e had read all the book   he had, “It'  all in Hogwart , A Hi tory. Though, of cour e, that book'  not entirely reliable. A Revi ed Hi tory of Hogwart  would be a more accurate title. Or A Highly Bia ed and Selective Hi tory of Hogwart , Which Glo e  Over the Na tier A pect  of the School.” “What are you on about?”  aid Ron, though Harry thought he knew what wa  coming. “Hou e-elve !”  aid Hermione, her eye  fla hing. “Not once, in over a thou and page , doe  Hogwart , A Hi tory mention that we are all colluding in the oppre ion of a hundred  lave !” Harry  hook hi  head and applied him elf to hi   crambled egg . Hi  and Ron'  lack of enthu ia m had done nothing what oever to curb Hermione'  determination to pur ue ju tice for hou e-elve . True, both of them had paid two Sickle  for a S.P.E.W. badge, but they had only done it to keep her quiet. Their Sickle  had been wa ted, however; if anything, they  eemed to have made Hermione more vociferou . She had been badgering Harry and Ron ever  ince, fir t to wear the badge , then to per uade other  to do the  ame, and  he had al o taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and  haking the collecting tin under their no e . “You do realize that your  heet  are changed, your fire  lit, your cla room  cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creature  who are unpaid and en laved?”  he kept  aying fiercely. Some people, like Neville, had paid up ju t to  top Hermione from glowering at them. A few  eemed mildly intere ted in what  he had to  ay, but were reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. Many regarded the whole thing a  a joke. Ron now rolled hi  eye  at the ceiling, which wa  flooding them all in autumn  unlight, and Fred became extremely intere ted in hi  bacon (both twin  had refu ed to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, however, leaned in toward Hermione. “Li ten, have you ever been down in the kitchen , Hermione?” “No, of cour e not,”  aid Hermione curtly, “I hardly think  tudent  are  uppo ed to -” “Well, we have,”  aid George, indicating Fred, “load  of time , to nick food. And we've met them, and they're happy. They think they've got the be t job in the world -” “That'  becau e they're uneducated and brainwa hed!” Hermione began hotly, but her next few word  were drowned out by the  udden whoo hing noi e from overhead, which announced the arrival of the po t owl . Harry looked up at once, and  aw Hedwig  oaring toward him. Hermione  topped talking abruptly;  he and Ron watched Hedwig anxiou ly a   he fluttered down onto Harry'   houlder, folded her wing , and held out her leg wearily. Harry pulled off Siriu '  reply and offered Hedwig hi  bacon rind , which  he ate gratefully. Then, checking that Fred and George were  afely immer ed in further di cu ion  about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read out Siriu '  letter in a whi per to Ron and Hermione. Nice try, Harry. I'm back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me po ted on everything that'  going on at Hogwart . Don't u e Hedwig, keep changing owl , and don't worry about me, ju t watch out for your elf Don't forget what I  aid about your  car. Siriu  “Why d'you have to keep changing owl ?” Ron a ked in a low voice. “Hedwig'll attract too much attention,”  aid Hermione at once. “She  tand  out. A  nowy owl that keep  returning to wherever he'  hiding…I mean, they're not native bird , are they?” Harry rolled up the letter and  lipped it in ide hi  robe , wondering whether he felt more or le  worried than before. He  uppo ed that Siriu  managing to get back without being caught wa   omething. He couldn't deny either that the idea that Siriu  wa  much nearer wa  rea uring; at lea t he wouldn't have to wait  o long for a re pon e every time he wrote. “Thank , Hedwig,” he  aid,  troking her. She hooted  leepily, dipped her beak briefly into hi  goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly de perate for a good long  leep in the Owlery. There wa  a plea ant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. Nobody wa  very attentive in le on , being much more intere ted in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbaton  and Durm trang; even Potion  wa  more bearable than u ual, a  it wa  half an hour  horter. When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, depo ited their bag  and book  a  they had been in tructed, pulled on their cloak , and ru hed back down tair  into the entrance hall. The Head  of Hou e  were ordering their  tudent  into line . “Wea ley,  traighten your hat,” Profe or McGonagall  napped at Ron. “Mi  Patil, take that ridiculou  thing out of your hair.” Parvati  cowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait. “Follow me, plea e,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Fir t year  in front…no pu hing.…” They filed down the  tep  and lined up in front of the ca tle. It wa  a cold, clear evening; du k wa  falling and a pale, tran parent-looking moon wa  already  hining over the Forbidden Fore t. Harry,  tanding between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front,  aw Denni  Creevey po itively  hivering with anticipation among the other fir t year . “Nearly  ix,”  aid Ron, checking hi  watch and then  taring down the drive that led to the front gate . “How d'you reckon they're coming? The train?” “I doubt it,”  aid Hermione. “How, then? Broom tick ?” Harry  ugge ted, looking up at the  tarry  ky. “I don't think  o…not from that far away.…” “A Portkey?” Ron  ugge ted. “Or they could Apparate - maybe you're allowed to do it under  eventeen wherever they come from?” “You can't Apparate in ide the Hogwart  ground , how often do I have to tell you?”  aid Hermione impatiently. They  canned the darkening ground  excitedly, but nothing wa  moving; everything wa   till,  ilent, and quite a  u ual. Harry wa   tarting to feel cold. He wi hed they'd hurry up.…Maybe the foreign  tudent  were preparing a dramatic entrance.…He remembered what Mr. Wea ley had  aid back at the camp ite before the Quidditch World Cup: “alway  the  ame - we can't re i t  howing off when we get together.…” And then Dumbledore called out from the back row where he  tood with the other teacher  - “Aha! Unle  I am very much mi taken, the delegation from Beauxbaton  approache !” “Where?”  aid many  tudent  eagerly, all looking in different direction . “There!” yelled a  ixth year, pointing over the fore t. Something large, much larger than a broom tick - or, indeed, a hundred broom tick  - wa  hurtling acro  the deep blue  ky toward the ca tle, growing larger all the time. “It'  a dragon!”  hrieked one of the fir t year , lo ing her head completely. “Don't be  tupid…it'  a flying hou e!”  aid Denni  Creevey. Denni '  gue  wa  clo er.…A  the gigantic black  hape  kimmed over the treetop  of the Forbidden Fore t and the light   hining from the ca tle window  hit it, they  aw a gigantic, powderblue, hor e-drawn carriage, the  ize of a large hou e,  oaring toward them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged hor e , all palomino , and each the  ize of an elephant. The front three row  of  tudent  drew backward a  the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendou   peed - then, with an almighty cra h that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year'  foot, the hor e ' hoove , larger than dinner plate , hit the ground. A  econd later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon it  va t wheel , while the golden hor e  to ed their enormou  head  and rolled large, fiery red eye . Harry ju t had time to  ee that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arm  (two cro ed, golden wand , each emitting three  tar ) before it opened. A boy in pale blue robe  jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with  omething on the carriage floor, and unfolded a  et of golden  tep . He  prang back re pectfully. Then Harry  aw a  hining, high-heeled black  hoe emerging from the in ide of the carriage - a  hoe the  ize of a child'   led - followed, almo t immediately, by the large t woman he had ever  een in hi  life. The  ize of the carriage, and of the hor e , wa  immediately explained. A few people ga ped. Harry had only ever  een one per on a  large a  thi  woman in hi  life, and that wa  Hagrid; he doubted whether there wa  an inch difference in their height . Yet  omehow - maybe  imply becau e he wa  u ed to Hagrid - thi  woman (now at the foot of the  tep , and looking around at the waiting, wide-eyed crowd)  eemed even more unnaturally large. A   he  tepped into the light flooding from the entrance hall,  he wa  revealed to have a hand ome, olive- kinned face; large, black, liquid-looking eye ; and a rather beaky no e. Her hair wa  drawn back in a  hining knob at the ba e of her neck. She wa  dre ed from head to foot in black  atin, and many magnificent opal  gleamed at her throat and on her thick finger . Dumbledore  tarted to clap; the  tudent , following hi  lead, broke into applau e too, many of them  tanding on tiptoe, the better to look at thi  woman. Her face relaxed into a graciou   mile and  he walked forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Dumbledore, though tall him elf, had barely to bend to ki  it. “My dear Madame Maxime,” he  aid. “Welcome to Hogwart .” “Dumbly-dort,”  aid Madame Maxime in a deep voice. “I 'ope I find you well?” “In excellent form, I thank you,”  aid Dumbledore. “My pupil ,”  aid Madame Maxime, waving one of her enormou  hand  carele ly behind her. Harry, who e attention had been focu ed completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a dozen boy  and girl , all, by the look of them, in their late teen , had emerged from the carriage and were now  tanding behind Madame Maxime. They were  hivering, which wa  un urpri ing, given that their robe   eemed to be made of fine  ilk, and none of them were wearing cloak . A few had wrapped  carve  and  hawl  around their head . From what Harry could  ee of them (they were  tanding in Madame Maxime'  enormou   hadow), they were  taring up at Hogwart  with apprehen ive look  on their face . “A  Karkaroff arrived yet?” Madame Maxime a ked. “He  hould be here any moment,”  aid Dumbledore. “Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to  tep in ide and warm up a trifle?” “Warm up, I think,”  aid Madame Maxime. “But ze 'or e  -” “Our Care of Magical Creature  teacher will be delighted to take care of them,”  aid Dumbledore, “the moment he ha  returned from dealing with a  light  ituation that ha  ari en with  ome of hi  other - er - charge .” “Skrewt ,” Ron muttered to Harry, grinning. “My  teed  require - er - forceful 'andling,”  aid Madame Maxime, looking a  though  he doubted whether any Care of Magical Creature  teacher at Hogwart  could be up to the job. “Zey are very  trong.…” “I a ure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “Very well,”  aid Madame Maxime, bowing  lightly. “Will you plea e inform zi  'Agrid zat ze 'or e  drink only  ingle-malt whi key?” “It will be attended to,”  aid Dumbledore, al o bowing. “Come,”  aid Madame Maxime imperiou ly to her  tudent , and the Hogwart  crowd parted to allow her and her  tudent  to pa  up the  tone  tep . “How big d'you reckon Durm trang'  hor e  are going to be?” Seamu  Finnigan  aid, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to addre  Harry and Ron. “Well, if they're any bigger than thi  lot, even Hagrid won't be able to handle them,”  aid Harry. “That'  if he ha n't been attacked by hi   krewt . Wonder what'  up with them?” “Maybe they've e caped,”  aid Ron hopefully. “Oh don't  ay that,”  aid Hermione with a  hudder. “Imagine that lot loo e on the ground .…” They  tood,  hivering  lightly now, waiting for the Durm trang party to arrive. Mo t people were gazing hopefully up at the  ky. For a few minute , the  ilence wa  broken only by Madame Maxime'  huge hor e   norting and  tamping. But then - “Can you hear  omething?”  aid Ron  uddenly. Harry li tened; a loud and oddly eerie noi e wa  drifting toward them from out of the darkne : a muffled rumbling and  ucking  ound, a  though an immen e vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed.… “The lake!” yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at it. “Look at the lake!” From their po ition at the top of the lawn  overlooking the ground , they had a clear view of the  mooth black  urface of the water - except that the  urface wa   uddenly not  mooth at all. Some di turbance wa  taking place deep in the center; great bubble  were forming on the  urface, wave  were now wa hing over the muddy bank  -and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, a  if a giant plug had ju t been pulled out of the lake'  floor.… What  eemed to be a long, black pole began to ri e  lowly out of the heart of the whirlpool…and then Harry  aw the rigging.… “It'  a ma t!” he  aid to Ron and Hermione. Slowly, magnificently, the  hip ro e out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. It had a  trangely  keletal look about it, a  though it were a re urrected wreck, and the dim, mi ty light   himmering at it  porthole  looked like gho tly eye . Finally, with a great  lo hing noi e, the  hip emerged entirely, bobbing on the turbulent water, and began to glide toward the bank. A few moment  later, they heard the  pla h of an anchor being thrown down in the  hallow , and the thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank. People were di embarking; they could  ee their  ilhouette  pa ing the light  in the  hip'  porthole . All of them, Harry noticed,  eemed to be built along the line  of Crabbe and Goyle…but then, a  they drew nearer, walking up the lawn  into the light  treaming from the entrance hall, he  aw that their bulk wa  really due to the fact that they were wearing cloak  of  ome kind of  haggy, matted fur. But the man who wa  leading them up to the ca tle wa  wearing fur  of a different  ort:  leek and  ilver, like hi  hair. “Dumbledore!” he called heartily a  he walked up the  lope. “How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?” “Blooming, thank you, Profe or Karkaroff,” Dumbledore replied. Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuou  voice; when he  tepped into the light pouring from the front door  of the ca tle they  aw that he wa  tall and thin like Dumbledore, but hi  white hair wa   hort, and hi  goatee (fini hing in a  mall curl) did not entirely hide hi  rather weak chin. When he reached Dumbledore, he  hook hand  with both of hi  own. “Dear old Hogwart ,” he  aid, looking up at the ca tle and  miling; hi  teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that hi   mile did not extend to hi  eye , which remained cold and  hrewd. “How good it i  to be here, how good.…Viktor, come along, into the warmth…you don't mind, Dumbledore? Viktor ha  a  light head cold…” Karkaroff beckoned forward one of hi   tudent . A  the boy pa ed, Harry caught a glimp e of a prominent curved no e and thick black eyebrow . He didn't need the punch on the arm Ron gave him, or the hi  in hi  ear, to recognize that profile. “Harry - it'  Krum!” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER SIXTEEN THE GOBLET OF FIRE I don't believe it!“ Ron  aid, in a  tunned voice, a  the Hogwart   tudent  filed back up the  tep  behind the party from Durm trang. ”Krum, Harry! Viktor Krum!" “For heaven'   ake, Ron, he'  only a Quidditch player,”  aid Hermione. “Only a Quidditch player?” Ron  aid, looking at her a  though he couldn't believe hi  ear . “Hermione - he'  one of the be t Seeker  in the world! I had no idea he wa   till at  chool!” A  they recro ed the entrance hall with the re t of the Hogwart   tudent  heading for the Great Hall, Harry  aw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the  ole  of hi  feet to get a better look at the back of Krum'  head. Several  ixth-year girl  were frantically  earching their pocket  a  they walked - “Oh I don't believe it, I haven't got a  ingle quill on me -” “D'you think he'd  ign my hat in lip tick?” “Really,” Hermione  aid loftily a  they pa ed the girl , now  quabbling over the lip tick. “I'm getting hi  autograph if I can,”  aid Ron. “You haven't got a quill, have you, Harry?” “Nope, they're up tair  in my bag,”  aid Harry. They walked over to the Gryffindor table and  at down. Ron took care to  it on the  ide facing the doorway, becau e Krum and hi  fellow Durm trang  tudent  were  till gathered around it, apparently un ure about where they  hould  it. The  tudent  from Beauxbaton  had cho en  eat  at the Ravenclaw table. They were looking around the Great Hall with glum expre ion  on their face . Three of them were  till clutching  carve  and  hawl  around their head . “It'  not that cold,”  aid Hermione defen ively. “Why didn't they bring cloak ?” “Over here! Come and  it over here!” Ron hi ed. “Over here! Hermione, budge up, make a  pace -” “What?” “Too late,”  aid Ron bitterly. Viktor Krum and hi  fellow Durm trang  tudent  had  ettled them elve  at the Slytherin table. Harry could  ee Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very  mug about thi . A  he watched, Malfoy bent forward to  peak to Krum. “Yeah, that'  right,  marm up to him, Malfoy,”  aid Ron  cathingly. “I bet Krum can  ee right through him, though…bet he get  people fawning over him all the time.…Where d'you reckon they're going to  leep? We could offer him a  pace in our dormitory, Harry…I wouldn't mind giving him my bed, I could kip on a camp bed.” Hermione  norted. “They look a lot happier than the Beauxbaton  lot,”  aid Harry. The Durm trang  tudent  were pulling off their heavy fur  and looking up at the  tarry black ceiling with expre ion  of intere t; a couple of them were picking up the golden plate  and goblet  and examining them, apparently impre ed. Up at the  taff table, Filch, the caretaker, wa  adding chair . He wa  wearing hi  moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occa ion. Harry wa   urpri ed to  ee that he added four chair , two on either  ide of Dumbledore' . “But there are only two extra people,” Harry  aid. “Why'  Filch putting out four chair , who el e i  coming?” “Eh?”  aid Ron vaguely. He wa   till  taring avidly at Krum. When all the  tudent  had entered the Hall and  ettled down at their Hou e table , the  taff entered, filing up to the top table and taking their  eat . La t in line were Profe or Dumbledore, Profe or Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When their headmi tre  appeared, the pupil  from Beauxbaton  leapt to their feet. A few of the Hogwart   tudent  laughed. The Beauxbaton  party appeared quite unembarra ed, however, and did not re ume their  eat  until Madame Maxime had  at down on Dumbledore'  left-hand  ide. Dumbledore remained  tanding, and a  ilence fell over the Great Hall. “Good evening, ladie  and gentlemen, gho t  and - mo t particularly - gue t ,”  aid Dumbledore, beaming around at the foreign  tudent . “I have great plea ure in welcoming you all to Hogwart . I hope and tru t that your  tay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable.” One of the Beauxbaton  girl   till clutching a muffler around her head gave what wa  unmi takably a deri ive laugh. “No one'  making you  tay!” Hermione whi pered, bri tling at her. “The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the fea t,”  aid Dumbledore. “I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make your elve  at home!” He  at down, and Harry  aw Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage him in conver ation. The plate  in front of them filled with food a  u ual. The hou e-elve  in the kitchen  eemed to have pulled out all the  top ; there wa  a greater variety of di he  in front of them than Harry had ever  een, including  everal that were definitely foreign. “What'  that?”  aid Ron, pointing at a large di h of  ome  ort of  hellfi h  tew that  tood be ide a large  teak-and-kidney pudding. “Bouillabai e,”  aid Hermione. “Ble  you,”  aid Ron. “It'  French,”  aid Hermione, “I had it on holiday  ummer before la t. It'  very nice.” “I'll take your word for it,”  aid Ron, helping him elf to black pudding. The Great Hall  eemed  omehow much more crowded than u ual, even though there were barely twenty additional  tudent  there; perhap  it wa  becau e their differently colored uniform   tood out  o clearly again t the black of the Hogwart ' robe . Now that they had removed their fur , the Durm trang  tudent  were revealed to be wearing robe  of a deep bloodred. Hagrid  idled into the Hall through a door behind the  taff table twenty minute  after the  tart of the fea t. He  lid into hi   eat at the end and waved at Harry, Ron, and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged hand. “Skrewt  doing all right, Hagrid?” Harry called. “Thrivin',” Hagrid called back happily. “Yeah, I'll ju t bet they are,”  aid Ron quietly. “Look  like they've finally found a food they like, doe n't it? Hagrid'  finger .” At that moment, a voice  aid, “Excu e me, are you wanting ze bouillabai e?” It wa  the girl from Beauxbaton  who had laughed during Dumbledore'   peech. She had finally removed her muffler. A long  heet of  ilvery-blonde hair fell almo t to her wai t. She had large, deep blue eye , and very white, even teeth. Ron went purple. He  tared up at her, opened hi  mouth to reply, but nothing came out except a faint gurgling noi e. “Yeah, have it,”  aid Harry, pu hing the di h toward the girl. “You 'ave fini hed wiz it?” “Yeah,” Ron  aid breathle ly. “Yeah, it wa  excellent.” The girl picked up the di h and carried it carefully off to the Ravenclaw table. Ron wa   till goggling at the girl a  though he had never  een one before. Harry  tarted to laugh. The  ound  eemed to jog Ron back to hi   en e . “She'  a veela!” he  aid hoar ely to Harry. “Of cour e  he i n't!”  aid Hermione tartly. “I don't  ee anyone el e gaping at her like an idiot!” But  he wa n't entirely right about that. A  the girl cro ed the Hall, many boy ' head  turned, and  ome of them  eemed to have become temporarily  peechle , ju t like Ron. “I'm telling you, that'  not a normal girl!”  aid Ron, leaning  ideway   o he could keep a clear view of her. “They don't make them like that at Hogwart !” “They make them okay at Hogwart ,”  aid Harry without thinking. Cho happened to be  itting only a few place  away from the girl with the  ilvery hair. “When you've both put your eye  back in,”  aid Hermione bri kly, “you'll be able to  ee who'  ju t arrived.” She wa  pointing up at the  taff table. The two remaining empty  eat  had ju t been filled. Ludo Bagman wa  now  itting on Profe or Karkaroff'  other  ide, while Mr. Crouch, Percy'  bo , wa  next to Madame Maxime. “What are they doing here?”  aid Harry in  urpri e. “They organized the Triwizard Tournament, didn't they?”  aid Hermione. “I  uppo e they wanted to be here to  ee it  tart.” When the  econd cour e arrived they noticed a number of unfamiliar de ert  too. Ron examined an odd  ort of pale blancmange clo ely, then moved it carefully a few inche  to hi  right,  o that it would be clearly vi ible from the Ravenclaw table. The girl who looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, however, and did not come over to get it. Once the golden plate  had been wiped clean, Dumbledore  tood up again. A plea ant  ort of ten ion  eemed to fill the Hall now. Harry felt a  light thrill of excitement, wondering what wa  coming. Several  eat  down from them, Fred and George were leaning forward,  taring at Dumbledore with great concentration. “The moment ha  come,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling around at the  ea of upturned face . “The Triwizard Tournament i  about to  tart. I would like to  ay a few word  of explanation before we bring in the ca ket -” “The what?” Harry muttered. Ron  hrugged. “- ju t to clarify the procedure that we will be following thi  year. But fir t, let me introduce, for tho e who do not know them, Mr. Bartemiu  Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation” - there wa  a  mattering of polite applau e - “and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Game  and Sport .” There wa  a much louder round of applau e for Bagman than for Crouch, perhap  becau e of hi  fame a  a Beater, or  imply becau e he looked  o much more likable. He acknowledged it with a jovial wave of hi  hand. Bartemiu  Crouch did not  mile or wave when hi  name wa  announced. Remembering him in hi  neat  uit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought he looked  trange in wizard'  robe . Hi  toothbru h mu tache and  evere parting looked very odd next to Dumbledore'  long white hair and beard. “Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirele ly over the la t few month  on the arrangement  for the Triwizard Tournament,” Dumbledore continued, “and they will be joining my elf, Profe or Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champion ' effort .” At the mention of the word “champion ,” the attentivene  of the li tening  tudent   eemed to  harpen. Perhap  Dumbledore had noticed their  udden  tillne , for he  miled a  he  aid, “The ca ket, then, if you plea e, Mr. Filch.” Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a great wooden che t encru ted with jewel . It looked extremely old. A murmur of excited intere t ro e from the watching  tudent ; Denni  Creevey actually  tood on hi  chair to  ee it properly, but, being  o tiny, hi  head hardly ro e above anyone el e' . “The in truction  for the ta k  the champion  will face thi  year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman,”  aid Dumbledore a  Filch placed the che t carefully on the table before him, “and they have made the nece ary arrangement  for each challenge. There will be three ta k ,  paced throughout the  chool year, and they will te t the champion  in many different way .. their magical prowe  - their daring - their power  of deduction - and, of cour e, their ability to cope with danger.” At thi  la t word, the Hall wa  filled with a  ilence  o ab olute that nobody  eemed to be breathing. “A  you know, three champion  compete in the tournament,” Dumbledore went on calmly, “one from each of the participating  chool . They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament ta k  and the champion with the highe t total after ta k three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champion  will be cho en by an impartial  elector: the Goblet of Fire.” Dumbledore now took out hi  wand and tapped three time  upon the top of the ca ket. The lid creaked  lowly open. Dumbledore reached in ide it and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It would have been entirely unremarkable had it not been full to the brim with dancing blue-white flame . Dumbledore clo ed the ca ket and placed the goblet carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly vi ible to everyone in the Hall. “Anybody wi hing to  ubmit them elve  a  champion mu t write their name and  chool clearly upon a  lip of parchment and drop it into the goblet,”  aid Dumbledore. "A piring champion  have twenty-four hour  in which to put their name  forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the name  of the three it ha  judged mo t worthy to repre ent their  chool . The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely acce ible to all tho e wi hing to compete. “To en ure that no underage  tudent yield  to temptation,”  aid Dumbledore, "I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it ha  been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of  eventeen will be able to cro  thi  line. “Finally, I wi h to impre  upon any of you wi hing to compete that thi  tournament i  not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion ha  been  elected by the Goblet of Fire, he or  he i  obliged to  ee the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet con titute  a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Plea e be very  ure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it i  time for bed. Good night to you all.” “An Age Line!” Fred Wea ley  aid, hi  eye  glinting, a  they all made their way acro  the Hall to the door  into the entrance hall. “Well, that  hould be fooled by an Aging Potion,  houldn't it? And once your name'  in that goblet, you're laughing - it can't tell whether you're  eventeen or not!” “But I don't think anyone under  eventeen will  tand a chance,”  aid Hermione, “we ju t haven't learned enough…” “Speak for your elf,”  aid George  hortly. “You'll try and get in, won't you, Harry?” Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore'  in i tence that nobody under  eventeen  hould  ubmit their name, but then the wonderful picture of him elf winning the Triwizard Tournament filled hi  mind again.…He wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if  omeone younger than  eventeen did find a way to get over the Age Line. “Where i  he?”  aid Ron, who wa n't li tening to a word of thi  conver ation, but looking through the crowd to  ee what had become of Krum. “Dumbledore didn't  ay where the Durm trang people are  leeping, did he?” But thi  query wa  an wered almo t in tantly; they were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff had ju t bu tled up to hi   tudent . “Back to the  hip, then,” he wa   aying. “Viktor, how are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I  end for  ome mulled wine from the kitchen ?” Harry  aw Krum  hake hi  head a  he pulled hi  fur  back on. “Profe or, Ivood like  ome vine,”  aid one of the other Durm trang boy  hopefully. “I wa n't offering it to you, Poliakoff,”  napped Karkaroff, hi  warmly paternal air vani hing in an in tant. “I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robe  again, di gu ting boy -” Karkaroff turned and led hi   tudent  toward the door , reaching them at exactly the  ame moment a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry  topped to let him walk through fir t. “Thank you,”  aid Karkaroff carele ly, glancing at him. And then Karkaroff froze. He turned hi  head back to Harry and  tared at him a  though he couldn't believe hi  eye . Behind their headma ter, the  tudent  from Durm trang came to a halt too. Karkaroff'  eye  moved  lowly up Harry'  face and fixed upon hi   car. The Durm trang  tudent  were  taring curiou ly at Harry too. Out of the corner of hi  eye, Harry  aw comprehen ion dawn on a few of their face . The boy with food all down hi  front nudged the girl next to him and pointed openly at Harry'  forehead. “Yeah, that'  Harry Potter,”  aid a growling voice from behind them. Profe or Karkaroff  pun around. Mad-Eye Moody wa   tanding there, leaning heavily on hi   taff, hi  magical eye glaring unblinkingly at the Durm trang headma ter. The color drained from Karkaroff'  face a  Harry watched. A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came over him. “You!” he  aid,  taring at Moody a  though un ure he wa  really  eeing him. “Me,”  aid Moody grimly. “And unle  you've got anything to  ay to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You're blocking the doorway.” It wa  true; half the  tudent  in the Hall were now waiting behind them, looking over one another'   houlder  to  ee what wa  cau ing the holdup. Without another word, Profe or Karkaroff  wept hi   tudent  away with him. Moody watched him until he wa  out of  ight, hi  magical eye fixed upon hi  back, a look of inten e di like upon hi  mutilated face. A  the next day wa  Saturday, mo t  tudent  would normally have breakfa ted late. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were not alone in ri ing much earlier than they u ually did on weekend . When they went down into the entrance hall, they  aw about twenty people milling around it,  ome of them eating toa t, all examining the Goblet of Fire. It had been placed in the center of the hall on the  tool that normally bore the Sorting Hat. A thin golden line had been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet around it in every direction. “Anyone put their name in yet?” Ron a ked a third-year girl eagerly. “All the Durm trang lot,”  he replied. “But I haven't  een anyone from Hogwart  yet.” “Bet  ome of them put it in la t night after we'd all gone to bed,”  aid Harry. “I would've if it had been me…wouldn't have wanted everyone watching. What if the goblet ju t gobbed you right back out again?” Someone laughed behind Harry. Turning, he  aw Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the  tairca e, all three of them looking extremely excited. “Done it,” Fred  aid in a triumphant whi per to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “Ju t taken it.” “What?”  aid Ron. “The Aging Potion, dung brain ,”  aid Fred. “One drop each,”  aid George, rubbing hi  hand  together with glee. “We only need to be a few month  older.” “We're going to  plit the thou and Galleon  between the three of u  if one of u  win ,”  aid Lee, grinning broadly. “I'm not  ure thi  i  going to work, you know,”  aid Hermione warningly. “I'm  ure Dumbledore will have thought of thi .” Fred, George, and Lee ignored her. “Ready?” Fred  aid to the other two, quivering with excitement. “C'mon, then - I'll go fir t -” Harry watched, fa cinated, a  Fred pulled a  lip of parchment out of hi  pocket bearing the word  Fred Wea ley - Hogwart . Fred walked right up to the edge of the line and  tood there, rocking on hi  toe  like a diver preparing for a fifty-foot drop. Then, with the eye  of every per on in the entrance hall upon him, he took a great breath and  tepped over the line. For a  plit  econd Harry thought it had worked - George certainly thought  o, for he let out a yell of triumph and leapt after Fred - but next moment, there wa  a loud  izzling  ound, and both twin  were hurled out of the golden circle a  though they had been thrown by an invi ible  hot-putter. They landed painfully, ten feet away on the cold  tone floor, and to add in ult to injury, there wa  a loud popping noi e, and both of them  prouted identical long white beard . The entrance hall rang with laughter. Even Fred and George joined in, once they had gotten to their feet and taken a good look at each other'  beard . “I did warn you,”  aid a deep, amu ed voice, and everyone turned to  ee Profe or Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. He  urveyed Fred and George, hi  eye  twinkling. “I  ugge t you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She i  already tending to Mi  Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summer , of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age them elve  up a little too. Though I mu t  ay, neither of their beard  i  anything like a  fine a  your .” Fred and George  et off for the ho pital wing, accompanied by Lee, who wa  howling with laughter, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione, al o chortling, went in to breakfa t. The decoration  in the Great Hall had changed thi  morning. A  it wa  Halloween, a cloud of live bat  wa  fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundred  of carved pumpkin  leered from every corner. Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamu , who were di cu ing tho e Hogwart   tudent  of  eventeen or over who might be entering. “There'  a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put hi  name in,” Dean told Harry. “That big bloke from Slytherin who look  like a  loth.” Harry, who had played Quidditch again t Warrington,  hook hi  head in di gu t. “We can't have a Slytherin champion!” “And all the Hufflepuff  are talking about Diggory,”  aid Seamu  contemptuou ly. “But I wouldn't have thought he'd have wanted to ri k hi  good look .” “Li ten!”  aid Hermione  uddenly. People were cheering out in the entrance hall. They all  wiveled around in their  eat  and  aw Angelina John on coming into the Hall, grinning in an embarra ed  ort of way. A tall black girl who played Cha er on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina came over to them,  at down, and  aid, “Well, I've done it! Ju t put my name in!” “You're kidding!”  aid Ron, looking impre ed. “Are you  eventeen, then?” a ked Harry. “Cour e  he i , can't  ee a beard, can you?”  aid Ron. “I had my birthday la t week,”  aid Angelina. “Well, I'm glad  omeone from Gryffindor'  entering,”  aid Hermione. “I really hope you get it, Angelina!” “Thank , Hermione,”  aid Angelina,  miling at her. Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory,  aid Seamu , cau ing  everal Hufflepuff  pa ing their table to  cowl heavily at him. “What're we going to do today, then?” Ron a ked Harry and Hermione when they had fini hed breakfa t and were leaving the Great Hall. “We haven't been down to vi it Hagrid yet,”  aid Harry. “Okay,”  aid Ron, “ju t a  long a  he doe n't a k u  to donate a few finger  to the  krewt .” A look of great excitement  uddenly dawned on Hermione'  face. “I've ju t realized - I haven't a ked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet!”  he  aid brightly. “Wait for me, will you, while I nip up tair  and get the badge ?” “What i  it with her?”  aid Ron, exa perated, a  Hermione ran away up the marble  tairca e. “Hey, Ron,”  aid Harry  uddenly. “It'  your friend…” The  tudent  from Beauxbaton  were coming through the front door  from the ground , among them, the veela-girl. Tho e gathered around the Goblet of Fire  tood back to let them pa , watching eagerly. Madame Maxime entered the hall behind her  tudent  and organized them into a line. One by one, the Beauxbaton   tudent   tepped acro  the Age Line and dropped their  lip  of parchment into the blue-white flame . A  each name entered the fire, it turned briefly red and emitted  park . “What d'you reckon'll happen to the one  who aren't cho en?” Ron muttered to Harry a  the veela-girl dropped her parchment into the Goblet of Fire. “Reckon they'll go back to  chool, or hang around to watch the tournament?” “Dunno,”  aid Harry. “Hang around, I  uppo e.…Madame Maxime'   taying to judge, i n't  he?” When all the Beauxbaton   tudent  had  ubmitted their name , Madame Maxime led them back out of the hall and out onto the ground  again. “Where are they  leeping, then?”  aid Ron, moving toward the front door  and  taring after them. A loud rattling noi e behind them announced Hermione'  reappearance with the box of S. P. E.W. badge . “Oh good, hurry up,”  aid Ron, and he jumped down the  tone  tep , keeping hi  eye  on the back of the veela-girl, who wa  now halfway acro  the lawn with Madame Maxime. A  they neared Hagrid'  cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Fore t, the my tery of the Beauxbaton '  leeping quarter  wa   olved. The gigantic powder-blue carriage in which they had arrived had been parked two hundred yard  from Hagrid'  front door, and the  tudent  were climbing back in ide it. The elephantine flying hor e  that had pulled the carriage were now grazing in a make hift paddock along ide it. Harry knocked on Hagrid'  door, and Fang'  booming bark  an wered in tantly. “'Bout time!”  aid Hagrid, when he'd flung open the door. “Thought you lot'd forgotten where I live!” “We've been really bu y, Hag -” Hermione  tarted to  ay, but then  he  topped dead, looking up at Hagrid, apparently lo t for word . Hagrid wa  wearing hi  be t (and very horrible) hairy brown  uit, plu  a checked yellow-and-orange tie. Thi  wa n't the wor t of it, though; he had evidently tried to tame hi  hair, u ing large quantitie  of what appeared to be axle grea e. It wa  now  licked down into two bunche  - perhap  he had tried a ponytail like Bill' , but found he had too much hair. The look didn't really  uit Hagrid at all. For a moment, Hermione goggled at him, then, obviou ly deciding not to comment,  he  aid, “Erm - where are the  krewt .” “Out by the pumpkin patch,”  aid Hagrid happily. “They're gettin' ma ive, mu ' be nearly three foot long now. On'y trouble i , they've  tarted killin' each other.” “Oh no, really?”  aid Hermione,  hooting a repre ive look at Ron, who,  taring at Hagrid'  odd hair tyle, had ju t opened hi  mouth to  ay  omething about it. “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid  adly. “S' okay, though, I've got 'em in  eparate boxe  now. Still got abou' twenty.” “Well, that'  lucky,”  aid Ron. Hagrid mi ed the  arca m. Hagrid'  cabin compri ed a  ingle room, in one corner of which wa  a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork quilt. A  imilarly enormou  wooden table and chair   tood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured ham  and dead bird  hanging from the ceiling. They  at down at the table while Hagrid  tarted to make tea, and were  oon immer ed in yet more di cu ion of the Triwizard Tournament. Hagrid  eemed quite a  excited about it a  they were. “You wait,” he  aid, grinning. “You ju ' wait. Yer going ter  ee  ome  tuff yeh've never  een before. Fir ' ta k…ah, but I'm not  uppo ed ter  ay.” “Go on, Hagrid!” Harry, Ron, and Hermione urged him, but he ju t  hook hi  head, grinning. “I don' want ter  poil it fer yeh,”  aid Hagrid. “But it'  gonna be  pectacular, I'll tell yeh that. Them champion 're going ter have their work cut out. Never thought I'd live ter  ee the Triwizard Tournament played again!” They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though they didn't eat much - Hagrid had made what he  aid wa  a beef ca erole, but after Hermione unearthed a large talon in her ,  he, Harry, and Ron rather lo t their appetite . However, they enjoyed them elve  trying to make Hagrid tell them what the ta k  in the tournament were going to be,  peculating which of the entrant  were likely to be  elected a  champion , and wondering whether Fred and George were beardle  yet. A light rain had  tarted to fall by midafternoon; it wa  very cozy  itting by the fire, li tening to the gentle patter of the drop  on the window, watching Hagrid darning hi   ock  and arguing with Hermione about hou e-elve  - for he flatly refu ed to join S.P.E.W. when  he  howed him her badge . “It'd be doin' 'em an unkindne , Hermione,” he  aid gravely, threading a ma ive bone needle with thick yellow yarn. “It'  in their nature ter look after human , that'  what they like,  ee? Yeh'd be makin' 'em unhappy ter take away their work, an' in utin' 'em if yeh tried ter pay 'em.” “But Harry  et Dobby free, and he wa  over the moon about it!”  aid Hermione. “And we heard he'  a king for wage  now!” “Yeah, well, yeh get weirdo  in every breed. I'm not  ayin' there i n't the odd elf who'd take freedom, but yeh'll never per uade mo t of 'em ter do it - no, nothin' doin', Hermione.” Hermione looked very cro  indeed and  tuffed her box of badge  back into her cloak pocket. By half pa t five it wa  growing dark, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione decided it wa  time to get back up to the ca tle for the Halloween fea t - and, more important, the announcement of the  chool champion . “I'll come with yeh,”  aid Hagrid, putting away hi  darning. “Ju ' give u  a  ec.” Hagrid got up, went acro  to the che t of drawer  be ide hi  bed, and began  earching for  omething in ide it. They didn't pay too much attention until a truly horrible  mell reached their no tril . Coughing, Ron  aid, “Hagrid, what'  that?” “Eh?”  aid Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in hi  hand. “Don' yeh like it?” “I  that after have?”  aid Hermione in a  lightly choked voice. “Er - eau de cologne,” Hagrid muttered. He wa  blu hing. “Maybe it'  a bit much,” he  aid gruffly. “I'll go take it off, hang on…” He  tumped out of the cabin, and they  aw him wa hing him elf vigorou ly in the water barrel out ide the window. “Eau de cologne?”  aid Hermione in amazement. “Hagrid?” “And what'  with the hair and the  uit?”  aid Harry in an undertone. “Look!”  aid Ron  uddenly, pointing out of the window. Hagrid had ju t  traightened up and turned 'round. If he had been blu hing before, it wa  nothing to what he wa  doing now. Getting to their feet very cautiou ly,  o that Hagrid wouldn't  pot them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and  aw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbaton   tudent  had ju t emerged from their carriage, clearly about to  et off for the fea t too. They couldn't hear what Hagrid wa   aying, but he wa  talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, mi ty-eyed expre ion Harry had only ever  een him wear once before - when he had been looking at the baby dragon, Norbert. “He'  going up to the ca tle with her!”  aid Hermione indignantly. “I thought he wa  waiting for u !” Without  o much a  a backward glance at hi  cabin, Hagrid wa  trudging off up the ground  with Madame Maxime, the Beauxbaton   tudent  following in their wake, jogging to keep up with their enormou   tride . “He fancie  her!”  aid Ron incredulou ly. “Well, if they end up having children, they'll be  etting a world record - bet any baby of their  would weigh about a ton.” They let them elve  out of the cabin and  hut the door behind them. It wa   urpri ingly dark out ide. Drawing their cloak  more clo ely around them elve , they  et off up the  loping lawn . “Ooh it'  them, look!” Hermione whi pered. The Durm trang party wa  walking up toward the ca tle from the lake. Viktor Krum wa  walking  ide by  ide with Karkaroff, and the other Durm trang  tudent  were  traggling along behind them. Ron watched Krum excitedly, but Krum did not look around a  he reached the front door  a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through them. When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it wa  almo t full. The Goblet of Fire had been moved; it wa  now  tanding in front of Dumbledore'  empty chair at the teacher ' table. Fred and George - clean- haven again -  eemed to have taken their di appointment fairly well. “Hope it'  Angelina,”  aid Fred a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione  at down. “So do I!”  aid Hermione breathle ly. “Well, we'll  oon know!” The Halloween fea t  eemed to take much longer than u ual. Perhap  becau e it wa  their  econd fea t in two day , Harry didn't  eem to fancy the extravagantly prepared food a  much a  he would have normally. Like everyone el e in the Hall, judging by the con tantly craning neck , the impatient expre ion  on every face, the fidgeting, and the  tanding up to  ee whether Dumbledore had fini hed eating yet, Harry  imply wanted the plate  to clear, and to hear who had been  elected a  champion . At long la t, the golden plate  returned to their original  potle   tate; there wa  a  harp up wing in the level of noi e within the Hall, which died away almo t in tantly a  Dumbledore got to hi  feet. On either  ide of him, Profe or Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked a  ten e and expectant a  anyone. Ludo Bagman wa  beaming and winking at variou   tudent . Mr. Crouch, however, looked quite unintere ted, almo t bored. “Well, the goblet i  almo t ready to make it  deci ion,”  aid Dumbledore. “I e timate that it require  one more minute. Now, when the champion ' name  are called, I would a k them plea e to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the  taff table, and go through into the next chamber” - he indicated the door behind the  taff table - “where they will be receiving their fir t in truction .” He took out hi  wand and gave a great  weeping wave with it; at once, all the candle  except tho e in ide the carved pumpkin  were extingui hed, plunging them into a  tate of  emidarkne . The Goblet of Fire now  hone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the  parkling bright, bluey-whitene  of the flame  almo t painful on the eye . Everyone watched, waiting.…A few people kept checking their watche … “Any  econd,” Lee Jordan whi pered, two  eat  away from Harry. The flame  in ide the goblet turned  uddenly red again. Spark  began to fly from it. Next moment, a tongue of flame  hot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it - the whole room ga ped. Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held it at arm'  length,  o that he could read it by the light of the flame , which had turned back to blue-white. “The champion for Durm trang,” he read, in a  trong, clear voice, “will be Viktor Krum.” “No  urpri e  there!” yelled Ron a  a  torm of applau e and cheering  wept the Hall. Harry  aw Viktor Krum ri e from the Slytherin table and  louch up toward Dumbledore; he turned right, walked along the  taff table, and di appeared through the door into the next chamber. “Bravo, Viktor!” boomed Karkaroff,  o loudly that everyone could hear him, even over all the applau e. “Knew you had it in you!” The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyone'  attention wa  focu ed again on the goblet, which,  econd  later, turned red once more. A  econd piece of parchment  hot out of it, propelled by the flame . “The champion for Beauxbaton ,”  aid Dumbledore, “i  Fleur Delacour!” “It'  her, Ron!” Harry  houted a  the girl who  o re embled a veela got gracefully to her feet,  hook back her  heet of  ilvery blonde hair, and  wept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff table . “Oh look, they're all di appointed,” Hermione  aid over the noi e, nodding toward the remainder of the Beauxbaton  party. “Di appointed” wa  a bit of an under tatement, Harry thought. Two of the girl  who had not been  elected had di olved into tear  and were  obbing with their head  on their arm . When Fleur Delacour too had vani hed into the  ide chamber,  ilence fell again, but thi  time it wa  a  ilence  o  tiff with excitement you could almo t ta te it. The Hogwart  champion next… And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more;  park   howered out of it; the tongue of flame  hot high into the air, and from it  tip Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment. “The Hogwart  champion,” he called, “i  Cedric Diggory!” “No! ”  aid Ron loudly, but nobody heard him except Harry; the uproar from the next table wa  too great. Every  ingle Hufflepuff had jumped to hi  or her feet,  creaming and  tamping, a  Cedric made hi  way pa t them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teacher ' table. Indeed, the applau e for Cedric went on  o long that it wa   ome time before Dumbledore could make him elf heard again. “Excellent!” Dumbledore called happily a  at la t the tumult died down. “Well, we now have our three champion . I am  ure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining  tudent  from Beauxbaton  and Durm trang, to give your champion  every ounce of  upport you can mu ter. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real -” But Dumbledore  uddenly  topped  peaking, and it wa  apparent to everybody what had di tracted him. The fire in the goblet had ju t turned red again. Spark  were flying out of it. A long flame  hot  uddenly into the air, and borne upon it wa  another piece of parchment. Automatically, it  eemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and  eized the parchment. He held it out and  tared at the name written upon it. There wa  a long pau e, during which Dumbledore  tared at the  lip in hi  hand , and everyone in the room  tared at Dumbledore. And then Dumbledore cleared hi  throat and read out - “Harry Potter.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER SEVENTEEN THE FOUR CHAMPIONS H arry  at there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at him. He wa   tunned. He felt numb. He wa   urely dreaming. He had not heard correctly. There wa  no applau e. A buzzing, a  though of angry bee , wa   tarting to fill the Hall;  ome  tudent  were  tanding up to get a better look at Harry a  he  at, frozen, in hi   eat. Up at the top table, Profe or McGonagall had got to her feet and  wept pa t Ludo Bagman and Profe or Karkaroff to whi per urgently to Profe or Dumbledore, who bent hi  ear toward her, frowning  lightly. Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them, he  aw the long Gryffindor table all watching him, openmouthed. “I didn't put my name in,” Harry  aid blankly. “You know I didn't.” Both of them  tared ju t a  blankly back. At the top table, Profe or Dumbledore had  traightened up, nodding to Profe or McGonagall. “Harry Potter!” he called again. “Harry! Up here, if you plea e!” “Go on,” Hermione whi pered, giving Harry a  light pu h. Harry got to hi  feet, trod on the hem of hi  robe , and  tumbled  lightly. He  et off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff table . It felt like an immen ely long walk; the top table didn't  eem to be getting any nearer at all, and he could feel hundred  and hundred  of eye  upon him, a  though each were a  earchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. After what  eemed like an hour, he wa  right in front of Dumbledore, feeling the  tare  of all the teacher  upon him. “Well…through the door, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. He wa n't  miling. Harry moved off along the teacher ' table. Hagrid wa   eated right at the end. He did not wink at Harry, or wave, or give any of hi  u ual  ign  of greeting. He looked completely a toni hed and  tared at Harry a  he pa ed like everyone el e. Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found him elf in a  maller room, lined with painting  of witche  and wizard . A hand ome fire wa  roaring in the fireplace oppo ite him. The face  in the portrait  turned to look at him a  he entered. He  aw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walru  mu tache. The wizened witch  tarted whi pering in hi  ear. Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire. They looked  trangely impre ive,  ilhouetted again t the flame . Krum, hunched-up and brooding, wa  leaning again t the mantelpiece,  lightly apart from the other two. Cedric wa   tanding with hi  hand  behind hi  back,  taring into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back her  heet of long,  ilvery hair. “What i  it?”  he  aid. “Do zey want u  back in ze Hall?” She thought he had come to deliver a me age. Harry didn't know how to explain what had ju t happened. He ju t  tood there, looking at the three champion . It  truck him how very tall all of them were. There wa  a  ound of  currying feet behind him, and Ludo Bagman entered the room. He took Harry by the arm and led him forward. “Extraordinary!” he muttered,  queezing Harry'  arm. “Ab olutely extraordinary! Gentlemen…lady,” he added, approaching the fire ide and addre ing the other three. “May I introduce - incredible though it may  eem - the fourth Triwizard champion?” Viktor Krum  traightened up. Hi   urly face darkened a  he  urveyed Harry. Cedric looked nonplu ed. He looked from Bagman to Harry and back again a  though  ure he mu t have mi heard what Bagman had  aid. Fleur Delacour, however, to ed her hair,  miling, and  aid, “Oh, vairy funny joke, Mee ter Bagman.” “Joke?” Bagman repeated, bewildered. “No, no, not at all! Harry'  name ju t came out of the Goblet of Fire!” Krum'  thick eyebrow  contracted  lightly. Cedric wa   till looking politely bewildered. Fleur frowned. “But evidently zair 'a  been a mi take,”  he  aid contemptuou ly to Bagman. “'E cannot compete. 'E i  too young.” “Well…it i  amazing,”  aid Bagman, rubbing hi   mooth chin and  miling down at Harry. “But, a  you know, the age re triction wa  only impo ed thi  year a  an extra  afety mea ure. And a  hi  name'  come out of the goblet…I mean, I don't think there can be any ducking out at thi   tage.…It'  down in the rule , you're obliged…Harry will ju t have to do the be t he -” The door behind them opened again, and a large group of people came in: Profe or Dumbledore, followed clo ely by Mr. Crouch, Profe or Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Profe or McGonagall, and Profe or Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the hundred  of  tudent  on the other  ide of the wall, before Profe or McGonagall clo ed the door. “Madame Maxime!”  aid Fleur at once,  triding over to her headmi tre . “Zey are  aying zat zi  little boy i  to compete al o!” Somewhere under Harry'  numb di belief he felt a ripple of anger. Little boy? Madame Maxime had drawn her elf up to her full, and con iderable, height. The top of her hand ome head bru hed the candle-filled chandelier, and her gigantic black- atin bo om  welled. “What i  ze meaning of zi , Dumbly-dorr?”  he  aid imperiou ly. “I'd rather like to know that my elf, Dumbledore,”  aid Profe or Karkaroff. He wa  wearing a  teely  mile, and hi  blue eye  were like chip  of ice. “Two Hogwart  champion ? I don't remember anyone telling me the ho t  chool i  allowed two champion  - or have I not read the rule  carefully enough?” He gave a  hort and na ty laugh. “C'e t impo ible,”  aid Madame Maxime, who e enormou  hand with it  many  uperb opal  wa  re ting upon Fleur'   houlder. “'Ogwart  cannot 'ave two champion . It i  mo t inju t.” “We were under the impre ion that your Age Line would keep out younger conte tant , Dumbledore,”  aid Karkaroff, hi   teely  mile  till in place, though hi  eye  were colder than ever. “Otherwi e, we would, of cour e, have brought along a wider  election of candidate  from our own  chool .” “It'  no one'  fault but Potter' , Karkaroff,”  aid Snape  oftly. Hi  black eye  were alight with malice. “Don't go blaming Dumbledore for Potter'  determination to break rule . He ha  been cro ing line  ever  ince he arrived here -” “Thank you, Severu ,”  aid Dumbledore firmly, and Snape went quiet, though hi  eye   till glinted malevolently through hi  curtain of grea y black hair. Profe or Dumbledore wa  now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at him, trying to di cern the expre ion of the eye  behind the half-moon  pectacle . “Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry?” he a ked calmly. “No,”  aid Harry. He wa  very aware of everybody watching him clo ely. Snape made a  oft noi e of impatient di belief in the  hadow . “Did you a k an older  tudent to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you?”  aid Profe or Dumbledore, ignoring Snape. “No,”  aid Harry vehemently. “Ah, but of cour e 'e i  lying!” cried Madame Maxime. Snape wa  now  haking hi  head, hi  lip curling. “He could not have cro ed the Age Line,”  aid Profe or McGonagall  harply. “I am  ure we are all agreed on that -” “Dumbly-dorr mu t 'ave made a mi take wiz ze line,”  aid Madame Maxime,  hrugging. “It i  po ible, of cour e,”  aid Dumbledore politely. “Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mi take!”  aid Profe or McGonagall angrily. “Really, what non en e! Harry could not have cro ed the line him elf, and a  Profe or Dumbledore believe  that he did not per uade an older  tudent to do it for him, I'm  ure that  hould be good enough for everybody el e!” She  hot a very angry look at Profe or Snape. “Mr. Crouch…Mr. Bagman,”  aid Karkaroff, hi  voice unctuou  once more, “you are our - er - objective judge . Surely you will agree that thi  i  mo t irregular?” Bagman wiped hi  round, boyi h face with hi  handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch, who wa   tanding out ide the circle of the firelight, hi  face half hidden in  hadow. He looked  lightly eerie, the half darkne  making him look much older, giving him an almo t  kull-like appearance. When he  poke, however, it wa  in hi  u ual curt voice. “We mu t follow the rule , and the rule   tate clearly that tho e people who e name  come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament.” “Well, Barty know  the rule book back to front,”  aid Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, a  though the matter wa  now clo ed. “I in i t upon re ubmitting the name  of the re t of my  tudent ,”  aid Karkaroff. He had dropped hi  unctuou  tone and hi   mile now. Hi  face wore a very ugly look indeed. “You will  et up the Goblet of Fire once more, and we will continue adding name  until each  chool ha  two champion . It'  only fair, Dumbledore.” “But Karkaroff, it doe n't work like that,”  aid Bagman. “The Goblet of Fire'  ju t gone out - it won't reignite until the  tart of the next tournament -” “- in which Durm trang will mo t certainly not be competing!” exploded Karkaroff. “After all our meeting  and negotiation  and compromi e , I little expected  omething of thi  nature to occur! I have half a mind to leave now!” “Empty threat, Karkaroff,” growled a voice from near the door. “You can't leave your champion now. He'  got to compete. They've all got to compete. Binding magical contract, like Dumbledore  aid. Convenient, eh?” Moody had ju t entered the room. He limped toward the fire, and with every right  tep he took, there wa  a loud clunk. “Convenient?”  aid Karkaroff. “I'm afraid I don't under tand you, Moody.” Harry could tell he wa  trying to  ound di dainful, a  though what Moody wa   aying wa  barely worth hi  notice, but hi  hand  gave him away; they had balled them elve  into fi t . “Don't you?”  aid Moody quietly. “It'  very  imple, Karkaroff. Someone put Potter'  name in that goblet knowing he'd have to compete if it came out.” “Evidently,  omeone 'oo wi hed to give 'Ogwart  two bite  at ze apple!”  aid Madame Maxime. “I quite agree, Madame Maxime,”  aid Karkaroff, bowing to her. “I  hall be lodging complaint  with the Mini try of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizard  -” “If anyone'  got rea on to complain, it'  Potter,” growled Moody, “but…funny thing…I don't hear him  aying a word…” “Why  hould 'e complain?” bur t out Fleur Delacour,  tamping her foot. “'E 'a  ze chance to compete, 'a n't 'e? We 'ave all been 'oping to be cho en for week  and week ! Ze honor for our  chool ! A thou and Galleon  in prize money - zi  i  a chance many would die for!” “Maybe  omeone'  hoping Potter i  going to die for it,”  aid Moody, with the mere t trace of a growl. An extremely ten e  ilence followed the e word . Ludo Bagman, who wa  looking very anxiou  indeed, bounced nervou ly up and down on hi  feet and  aid, “Moody, old man…what a thing to  ay!” “We all know Profe or Moody con ider  the morning wa ted if he ha n't di covered  ix plot  to murder him before lunchtime,”  aid Karkaroff loudly. "Apparently he i  now teaching hi   tudent  to fear a a ination too. An odd quality in a Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your rea on . “Imagining thing , am I?” growled Moody. “Seeing thing , eh? It wa  a  killed witch or wizard who put the boy'  name in that goblet…” “Ah, what evidence i  zere of zat?”  aid Madame Maxime, throwing up her huge hand . “Becau e they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!”  aid Moody. “It would have needed an exceptionally  trong Confundu  Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three  chool  compete in the tournament.…I'm gue ing they  ubmitted Potter'  name under a fourth  chool, to make  ure he wa  the only one in hi  category.…” “You  eem to have given thi  a great deal of thought, Moody,”  aid Karkaroff coldly, “and a very ingeniou  theory it i  - though of cour e, I heard you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday pre ent  contained a cunningly di gui ed ba ili k egg, and  ma hed it to piece  before realizing it wa  a carriage clock. So you'll under tand if we don't take you entirely  eriou ly.…” “There are tho e who'll turn innocent occa ion  to their advantage,” Moody retorted in a menacing voice. "It'  my job to think the way Dark wizard  do, Karkaroff - a  you ought to remember… “Ala tor!”  aid Dumbledore warningly. Harry wondered for a moment whom he wa   peaking to, but then realized “Mad-Eye” could hardly be Moody'  real fir t name. Moody fell  ilent, though  till  urveying Karkaroff with  ati faction - Karkaroff'  face wa  burning. “How thi   ituation aro e, we do not know,”  aid Dumbledore,  peaking to everyone gathered in the room. “It  eem  to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have been cho en to compete in the Tournament. Thi , therefore, they will do.…” “Ah, but Dumbly-dorr -” “My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it.” Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not  peak,  he merely glared. She wa n't the only one either. Snape looked furiou ; Karkaroff livid; Bagman, however, looked rather excited. “Well,  hall we crack on, then?” he  aid, rubbing hi  hand  together and  miling around the room. “Got to give our champion  their in truction , haven't we? Barty, want to do the honor ?” Mr. Crouch  eemed to come out of a deep reverie. “Ye ,” he  aid, “in truction . Ye …the fir t ta k…” He moved forward into the firelight. Clo e up, Harry thought he looked ill. There were dark  hadow  beneath hi  eye  and a thin, papery look about hi  wrinkled  kin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup. “The fir t ta k i  de igned to te t your daring,” he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, " o we are not going to be telling you what it i . Courage in the face of the unknown i  an important quality in a wizard…very important.… "The fir t ta k will take place on November the twenty-fourth, in front of the other  tudent  and the panel of judge . “The champion  are not permitted to a k for or accept help of any kind from their teacher  to complete the ta k  in the tournament. The champion  will face the fir t challenge armed only with their wand . They will receive information about the  econd ta k when the fir t i  over. Owing to the demanding and time-con uming nature of the tournament, the champion  are exempted from end-of-year te t .” Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore. “I think that'  all, i  it, Albu ?” “I think  o,”  aid Dumbledore, who wa  looking at Mr. Crouch with mild concern. “Are you  ure you wouldn't like to  tay at Hogwart  tonight, Barty?” “No, Dumbledore, I mu t get back to the Mini try,”  aid Mr. Crouch. “It i  a very bu y, very difficult time at the moment.…I've left young Weatherby in charge.…Very enthu ia tic…a little overenthu ia tic, if truth be told…” “You'll come and have a drink before you go, at lea t?”  aid Dumbledore. “Come on, Barry, I'm  taying!”  aid Bagman brightly. “It'  all happening at Hogwart  now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!” “I think not, Ludo,”  aid Crouch with a touch of hi  old impatience. “Profe or Karkaroff - Madame Maxime - a nightcap?”  aid Dumbledore. But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur'   houlder  and wa  leading her  wiftly out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking very fa t in French a  they went off into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and they, too, exited, though in  ilence. “Harry, Cedric, I  ugge t you go up to bed,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling at both of them. “I am  ure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a  hame to deprive them of thi  excellent excu e to make a great deal of me  and noi e.” Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together. The Great Hall wa  de erted now; the candle  had burned low, giving the jagged  mile  of the pumpkin  an eerie, flickering quality. “So,”  aid Cedric, with a  light  mile. “We're playing again t each other again!” “I  'po e,”  aid Harry. He really couldn't think of anything to  ay. The in ide of hi  head  eemed to be in complete di array, a  though hi  brain had been ran acked. “So…tell me…”  aid Cedric a  they reached the entrance hall, which wa  now lit only by torche  in the ab ence of the Goblet of Fire. “How did you get your name in?” “I didn't,”  aid Harry,  taring up at him. “I didn't put it in. I wa  telling the truth.” “Ah…okay,”  aid Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric didn't believe him. “Well… ee you, then.” In tead of going up the marble  tairca e, Cedric headed for a door to it  right. Harry  tood li tening to him going down the  tone  tep  beyond it, then,  lowly, he  tarted to climb the marble one . Wa  anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe him, or would they all think he'd put him elf in for the tournament? Yet how could anyone think that, when he wa  facing competitor  who'd had three year ' more magical education than he had - when he wa  now facing ta k  that not only  ounded very dangerou , but which were to be performed in front of hundred  of people? Ye , he'd thought about it…he'd fanta ized about it…but it had been a joke, really, an idle  ort of dream…he'd never really,  eriou ly con idered entering.… But  omeone el e had con idered it… omeone el e had wanted him in the tournament, and had made  ure he wa  entered. Why? To give him a treat? He didn't think  o,  omehow… To  ee him make a fool of him elf? Well, they were likely to get their wi h.… But to get him killed? Wa  Moody ju t being hi  u ual paranoid  elf? Couldn't  omeone have put Harry'  name in the goblet a  a trick, a practical joke? Did anyone really want him dead? Harry wa  able to an wer that at once. Ye ,  omeone wanted him dead,  omeone had wanted him dead ever  ince he had been a year old…Lord Voldemort. But how could Voldemort have en ured that Harry'  name got into the Goblet of Fire? Voldemort wa   uppo ed to be far away, in  ome di tant country, in hiding, alone…feeble and powerle .… Yet in that dream he had had, ju t before he had awoken with hi   car hurting, Voldemort had not been alone…he had been talking to Wormtail…plotting Harry'  murder.… Harry got a  hock to find him elf facing the Fat Lady already. He had barely noticed where hi  feet were carrying him. It wa  al o a  urpri e to  ee that  he wa  not alone in her frame. The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbor'  painting when he had joined the champion  down tair  wa  now  itting  mugly be ide the Fat Lady. She mu t have da hed through every picture lining  even  tairca e  to reach here before him. Both  he and the Fat Lady were looking down at him with the keene t intere t. “Well, well, well,”  aid the Fat Lady, “Violet'  ju t told me everything. Who'  ju t been cho en a   chool champion, then?” “Balderda h,”  aid Harry dully. “It mo t certainly i n't!”  aid the pale witch indignantly. “No, no, Vi, it'  the pa word,”  aid the Fat Lady  oothingly, and  he  wung forward on her hinge  to let Harry into the common room. The bla t of noi e that met Harry'  ear  when the portrait opened almo t knocked him backward. Next thing he knew, he wa  being wrenched in ide the common room by about a dozen pair  of hand , and wa  facing the whole of Gryffindor Hou e, all of whom were  creaming, applauding, and whi tling. “You  hould've told u  you'd entered!” bellowed Fred; he looked half annoyed, half deeply impre ed. “How did you do it without getting a beard? Brilliant!” roared George. “I didn't,” Harry  aid. “I don't know how -” But Angelina had now  wooped down upon him; “Oh if it couldn't be me, at lea t it'  a Gryffindor -” “You'll be able to pay back Diggory for that la t Quidditch match, Harry!”  hrieked Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Cha er . “We've got food, Harry, come and have  ome -” “I'm not hungry, I had enough at the fea t -” But nobody wanted to hear that he wa n't hungry; nobody wanted to hear that he hadn't put hi  name in the goblet; not one  ingle per on  eemed to have noticed that he wa n't at all in the mood to celebrate.…Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from  omewhere, and he in i ted on draping it around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldn't get away; whenever he tried to  idle over to the  tairca e up to the dormitorie , the crowd around him clo ed rank , forcing another butterbeer on him,  tuffing cri p  and peanut  into hi  hand .…Everyone wanted to know how he had done it, how he had tricked Dumbledore'  Age Line and managed to get hi  name into the goblet.… “I didn't,” he  aid, over and over again, “I don't know how it happened.” But for all the notice anyone took, he might ju t a  well not have an wered at all. “I'm tired!” he bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour. “No,  eriou ly, George - I'm going to bed -” He wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to find a bit of  anity, but neither of them  eemed to be in the common room. In i ting that he needed to  leep, and almo t flattening the little Creevey brother  a  they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the  tair , Harry managed to  hake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory a  fa t a  he could. To hi  great relief, he found Ron wa  lying on hi  bed in the otherwi e empty dormitory,  till fully dre ed. He looked up when Harry  lammed the door behind him. “Where've you been?” Harry  aid. “Oh hello,”  aid Ron. He wa  grinning, but it wa  a very odd,  trained  ort of grin. Harry  uddenly became aware that he wa   till wearing the  carlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him. He ha tened to take it off, but it wa  knotted very tightly. Ron lay on the bed without moving, watching Harry  truggle to remove it. “So,” he  aid, when Harry had finally removed the banner and thrown it into a corner. “Congratulation .” “What d'you mean, congratulation ?”  aid Harry,  taring at Ron. There wa  definitely  omething wrong with the way Ron wa   miling: It wa  more like a grimace. “Well…no one el e got acro  the Age Line,”  aid Ron. “Not even Fred and George. What did you u e - the Invi ibility Cloak?” “The Invi ibility Cloak wouldn't have got me over that line,”  aid Harry  lowly. “Oh right,”  aid Ron. “I thought you might've told me if it wa  the cloak…becau e it would've covered both of u , wouldn't it? But you found another way, did you?” “Li ten,”  aid Harry, “I didn't put my name in that goblet. Someone el e mu t've done it.” Ron rai ed hi  eyebrow . “What would they do that for?” “I dunno,”  aid Harry. He felt it would  ound very melodramatic to  ay, “To kill me.” Ron'  eyebrow  ro e  o high that they were in danger of di appearing into hi  hair. “It'  okay, you know, you can tell me the truth,” he  aid. “If you don't want everyone el e to know, fine, but I don't know why you're bothering to lie, you didn't get into trouble for it, did you? That friend of the Fat Lady' , that Violet,  he'  already told u  all Dumbledore'  letting you enter. A thou and Galleon  prize money, eh? And you don't have to do end-of-year te t  either.…” “I didn't put my name in that goblet!”  aid Harry,  tarting to feel angry. “Yeah, okay,”  aid Ron, in exactly the  ame  ceptical tone a  Cedric. “Only you  aid thi  morning you'd have done it la t night, and no one would've  een you.…I'm not  tupid, you know.” “You're doing a really good impre ion of it,” Harry  napped. “Yeah?”  aid Ron, and there wa  no trace of a grin, forced or otherwi e, on hi  face now. “You want to get to bed, Harry. I expect you'll need to be up early tomorrow for a photo-call or  omething.” He wrenched the hanging   hut around hi  four-po ter, leaving Harry  tanding there by the door,  taring at the dark red velvet curtain , now hiding one of the few people he had been  ure would believe him. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER EIGHTEEN THE WEIGHING OF THE WANDS W hen Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took him a moment to remember why he felt  o mi erable and worried. Then the memory of the previou  night rolled over him. He  at up and ripped back the curtain  of hi  own four-po ter, intending to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe him - only to find that Ron'  bed wa  empty; he had obviou ly gone down to breakfa t. Harry dre ed and went down the  piral  tairca e into the common room. The moment he appeared, the people who had already fini hed breakfa t broke into applau e again. The pro pect of going down into the Great Hall and facing the re t of the Gryffindor , all treating him like  ome  ort of hero, wa  not inviting; it wa  that, however, or  tay here and allow him elf to be cornered by the Creevey brother , who were both beckoning frantically to him to join them. He walked re olutely over to the portrait hole, pu hed it open, climbed out of it, and found him elf face-to-face with Hermione. “Hello,”  he  aid, holding up a  tack of toa t, which  he wa  carrying in a napkin. “I brought you thi .…Want to go for a walk?” “Good idea,”  aid Harry gratefully. They went down tair , cro ed the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were  oon  triding acro  the lawn toward the lake, where the Durm trang  hip wa  moored, reflected blackly in the water. It wa  a chilly morning, and they kept moving, munching their toa t, a  Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after he had left the Gryffindor table the night before. To hi  immen e relief, Hermione accepted hi   tory without que tion. “Well, of cour e I knew you hadn't entered your elf,”  he  aid when he'd fini hed telling her about the  cene in the chamber off the Hall. “The look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name! But the que tion i , who did put it in? Becau e Moody'  right, Harry…I don't think any  tudent could have done it…they'd never be able to fool the Goblet, or get over Dumbledore'  -” “Have you  een Ron?” Harry interrupted. Hermione he itated. “Erm…ye …he wa  at breakfa t,”  he  aid. “Doe  he  till think I entered my elf?” “Well…no, I don't think  o…not really,”  aid Hermione awkwardly. “What'  that  uppo ed to mean, 'not really'?” “Oh Harry, i n't it obviou ?” Hermione  aid de pairingly. “He'  jealou !” “Jealou ?” Harry  aid incredulou ly. “Jealou  of what? He want  to make a prat of him elf in front of the whole  chool, doe  he?” “Look,”  aid Hermione patiently, “it'  alway  you who get  all the attention, you know it i . I know it'  not your fault,”  he added quickly,  eeing Harry open hi  mouth furiou ly. “I know you don't a k for it…but - well - you know, Ron'  got all tho e brother  to compete again t at home, and you're hi  be t friend, and you're really famou  - he'  alway   hunted to one  ide whenever people  ee you, and he put  up with it, and he never mention  it, but I  uppo e thi  i  ju t one time too many…” “Great,”  aid Harry bitterly. “Really great. Tell him from me I'll  wap any time he want . Tell him from me he'  welcome to it.…People gawping at my forehead everywhere I go…” “I'm not teiling him anything,” Hermione  aid  hortly. “Tell him your elf. It'  the only way to  ort thi  out.” “I'm not running around after him trying to make him grow up!” Harry  aid,  o loudly that  everal owl  in a nearby tree took flight in alarm. “Maybe he'll believe I'm not enjoying my elf once I've got my neck broken or -” “That'  not funny,”  aid Hermione quietly. “That'  not funny at all.” She looked extremely anxiou . “Harry, I've been thinking - you know what we've got to do, don't you? Straight away, the moment we get back to the ca tle?” “Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the -” “Write to Siriu . You've got to tell him what'  happened. He a ked you to keep him po ted on everything that'  going on at Hogwart .…It'  almo t a  if he expected  omething like thi  to happen. I brought  ome parchment and a quill out with me -” “Come off it,”  aid Harry, looking around to check that they couldn't be overheard, but the ground  were quite de erted. “He came back to the country ju t becau e my  car twinged. He'll probably come bur ting right into the ca tle if I tell him  omeone'  entered me in the Triwizard Tournament -” “He'd want you to tell him,”  aid Hermione  ternly. “He'  going to find out anyway.” “How?” “Harry, thi  i n't going to be kept quiet,”  aid Hermione, very  eriou ly. “Thi  tournament'  famou , and you're famou . I'll be really  urpri ed if there i n't anything in the Daily Prophet about you competing.…You're already in half the book  about You-Know-Who, you know…and Siriu  would rather hear it from you, I know he would.” “Okay, okay, I'll write to him,”  aid Harry, throwing hi  la t piece of toa t into the lake. They both  tood and watched it floating there for a moment, before a large tentacle ro e out of the water and  cooped it beneath the  urface. Then they returned to the ca tle. “Who e owl am I going to u e?” Harry  aid a  they climbed the  tair . “He told me not to u e Hedwig again.” “A k Ron if you can borrow -” “I'm not a king Ron for anything,” Harry  aid flatly. “Well, borrow one of the  chool owl , then, anyone can u e them,”  aid Hermione. They went up to the Owlery. Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then  trolled around the long line  of perche , looking at all the different owl , while Harry  at down again t a wall and wrote hi  letter. Dear Siriu , You told me to keep you po ted on what'  happening at Hogwart ,  o here goe  - I don't know if you've heard, but the Triwizard Tournament'  happening thi  year and on Saturday night I got picked a  a fourth champion. I don't who put my name in the Goblet of Fire, becau e I didn't. The other Hogwart  champion i  Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff. He pau ed at thi  point, thinking. He had an urge to  ay  omething about the large weight of anxiety that  eemed to have  ettled in ide hi  che t  ince la t night, but he couldn't think how to tran late thi  into word ,  o he  imply dipped hi  quill back into the ink bottle and wrote, Hope you're okay, and Buckbeak - Harry “Fini hed,” he told Hermione, getting to hi  feet and bru hing  traw off hi  robe . At thi , Hedwig fluttered down onto hi   houlder and held out her leg. “I can't u e you,” Harry told her, looking around for the  chool owl . “I've got to u e one of the e.” Hedwig gave a very loud hoot and took off  o  uddenly that her talon  cut into hi   houlder. She kept her back to Harry all the time he wa  tying hi  letter to the leg of a large barn owl. When the barn owl had flown off, Harry reached out to  troke Hedwig, but  he clicked her beak furiou ly and  oared up into the rafter  out of reach. “Fir t Ron, then you,” Harry  aid angrily. “Thi  i n't my fault.” If Harry had thought that matter  would improve once everyone got u ed to the idea of him being champion, the following day  howed him how mi taken he wa . He could no longer avoid the re t of the  chool once he wa  back at le on  - and it wa  clear that the re t of the  chool, ju t like the Gryffindor , thought Harry had entered him elf for the tournament. Unlike the Gryffindor , however, they did not  eem impre ed. The Hufflepuff , who were u ually on excellent term  with the Gryffindor , had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them. One Herbology le on wa  enough to demon trate thi . It wa  plain that the Hufflepuff  felt that Harry had  tolen their champion'  glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhap , by the fact that Hufflepuff Hou e very rarely got any glory, and that Cedric wa  one of the few who had ever given them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch. Ernie Macmillan and Ju tin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not talk to him even though they were repotting Bouncing Bulb  at the  ame tray - though they did laugh rather unplea antly when one of the Bouncing Bulb  wriggled free from Harry'  grip and  macked him hard in the face. Ron wa n't talking to Harry either. Hermione  at between them, making very forced conver ation, but though both an wered her normally, they avoided making eye contact with each other. Harry thought even Profe or Sprout  eemed di tant with him - but then,  he wa  Head of Hufflepuff Hou e. He would have been looking forward to  eeing Hagrid under normal circum tance , but Care of Magical Creature  meant  eeing the Slytherin  too - the fir t time he would come face-to-face with them  ince becoming champion. Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid'  cabin with hi  familiar  neer firmly in place. “Ah, look, boy , it'  the champion,” he  aid to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he got within ear hot of Harry. “Got your autograph book ? Better get a  ignature now, becau e I doubt he'  going to be around much longer.…Half the Triwizard champion  have died…how long d'you reckon you're going to la t, Potter? Ten minute  into the fir t ta k'  my bet.” Crabbe and Goyle guffawed  ycophantically, but Malfoy had to  top there, becau e Hagrid emerged from the back of hi  cabin balancing a teetering tower of crate , each containing a very large Bla t-Ended Skrewt. To the cla '  horror, Hagrid proceeded to explain that the rea on the  krewt  had been killing one another wa  an exce  of pent-up energy, and that the  olution would be for each  tudent to fix a lea h on a  krewt and take it for a  hort walk. The only good thing about thi  plan wa  that it di tracted Malfoy completely. “Take thi  thing for a walk?” he repeated in di gu t,  taring into one of the boxe . “And where exactly are we  uppo ed to fix the lea h? Around the  ting, the bla ting end, or the  ucker?” “Roun' the middle,”  aid Hagrid, demon trating. “Er - yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide glove , ju ' a  an extra precaution, like. Harry - you come here an' help me with thi  big one.…” Hagrid'  real intention, however, wa  totalk to Harry away from the re t of the cla . He waited until everyone el e had  et off with their  krewt , then turned to Harry and  aid, very  eriou ly, “So - yer competin', Harry. In the tournament. School champion.” “One of the champion ,” Harry corrected him. Hagrid'  beetle-black eye  looked very anxiou  under hi  wild eyebrow . “No idea who put yeh in fer it, Harry?” “You believe I didn't do it, then?”  aid Harry, concealing with difficulty the ru h of gratitude he felt at Hagrid'  word . “Cour e I do,” Hagrid grunted. “Yeh  ay it wa n' you, an' I believe yeh - an' Dumbledore believe  yer, an' all.” “Wi h I knew who did do it,”  aid Harry bitterly. The pair of them looked out over the lawn; the cla  wa  widely  cattered now, and all in great difficulty. The  krewt  were now over three feet long, and extremely powerful. No longer  hell-le  and colorle , they had developed a kind of thick, grayi h,  hiny armor. They looked like a cro  between giant  corpion  and elongated crab - but  till without recognizable head  or eye . They had become immen ely  trong and very hard to control. “Look like they're havin' fun, don' they?” Hagrid  aid happily. Harry a umed he wa  talking about the  krewt , becau e hi  cla mate  certainly weren't; every now and then, with an alarming bang, one of the  krewt ' end  would explode, cau ing it to  hoot forward  everal yard , and more than one per on wa  being dragged along on their  tomach, trying de perately to get back on their feet. “Ah, I don' know, Harry,” Hagrid  ighed  uddenly, looking back down at him with a worried expre ion on hi  face. “School champion…everythin'  eem  ter happen ter you, doe n' it?” Harry didn't an wer. Ye , everything did  eem to happen to him…that wa  more or le  what Hermione had  aid a  they had walked around the lake, and that wa  the rea on, according to her, that Ron wa  no longer talking to him. The next few day  were  ome of Harry'  wor t at Hogwart . The clo e t he had ever come to feeling like thi  had been during tho e month , in hi   econd year, when a large part of the  chool had  u pected him of attacking hi  fellow  tudent . But Ron had been on hi   ide then. He thought he could have coped with the re t of the  chool'  behavior if he could ju t have had Ron back a  a friend, but he wa n't going to try and per uade Ron to talk to him if Ron didn't want to. Neverthele , it wa  lonely with di like pouring in on him from all  ide . He could under tand the Hufflepuff ' attitude, even if he didn't like it; they had their own champion to  upport. He expected nothing le  than viciou  in ult  from the Slytherin  - he wa  highly unpopular there and alway  had been, becau e he had helped Gryffindor beat them  o often, both at Quidditch and in the Inter-Hou e Champion hip. But he had hoped the Ravenclaw  might have found it in their heart  to  upport him a  much a  Cedric. He wa  wrong, however. Mo t Ravenclaw   eemed to think that he had been de perate to earn him elf a bit more fame by tricking the goblet into accepting hi  name. Then there wa  the fact that Cedric looked the part of a champion  o much more than he did. Exceptionally hand ome, with hi   traight no e, dark hair, and gray eye , it wa  hard to  ay who wa  receiving more admiration the e day , Cedric or Viktor Krum. Harry actually  aw the  ame  ixth-year girl  who had been  o keen to get Krum'  autograph begging Cedric to  ign their  chool bag  one lunchtime. Meanwhile there wa  no reply from Siriu , Hedwig wa  refu ing to come anywhere near him, Profe or Trelawney wa  predicting hi  death with even more certainty than u ual, and he did  o badly at Summoning Charm  in Profe or Flitwick'  cla  that he wa  given extra homework - the only per on to get any, apart from Neville. “It'  really not that difficult, Harry,” Hermione tried to rea ure him a  they left Flitwick'  cla  -  he had been making object  zoom acro  the room to her all le on, a  though  he were  ome  ort of weird magnet for board du ter , wa tepaper ba ket , and luna cope . “You ju t weren't concentrating properly -” “Wonder why that wa ,”  aid Harry darkly a  Cedric Diggory walked pa t,  urrounded by a large group of  impering girl , all of whom looked at Harry a  though he were a particularly large Bla t-Ended Skrewt. “Still - never mind, eh? Double Potion  to look forward to thi  afternoon…” Double Potion  wa  alway  a horrible experience, but the e day  it wa  nothing  hort of torture. Being  hut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherin , all of whom  eemed determined to puni h Harry a  much a  po ible for daring to become  chool champion, wa  about the mo t unplea ant thing Harry could imagine. He had already  truggled through one Friday'  worth, with Hermione  itting next to him intoning “ignore them, ignore them, ignore them” under her breath, and he couldn't  ee why today  hould be any better. When he and Hermione arrived at Snape'  dungeon after lunch, they found the Slytherin  waiting out ide, each and every one of them wearing a large badge on the front of hi  or her robe . For one wild moment Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. badge  - then he  aw that they all bore the  ame me age, in luminou  red letter  that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground pa age: SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY- THE REAL HOGWARTS CHAMPION! “Like them, Potter?”  aid Malfoy loudly a  Harry approached. “And thi  i n't all they do - look!” He pre ed hi  badge into hi  che t, and the me age upon it vani hed, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green: POTTER STINKS! The Slytherin  howled with laughter. Each of them pre ed their badge  too, until the me age POTTER STINKS wa   hining brightly all around Harry. He felt the heat ri e in hi  face and neck. “Oh very funny,” Hermione  aid  arca tically to Pan y Parkin on and her gang of Slytherin girl , who were laughing harder than anyone, “really witty.” Ron wa   tanding again t the wall with Dean and Seamu . He wa n't laughing, but he wa n't  ticking up for Harry either. “Want one, Granger?”  aid Malfoy, holding out a badge to Hermione. “I've got load . But don't touch my hand, now. I've ju t wa hed it, you  ee; don't want a Mudblood  liming it up.” Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for day  and day   eemed to bur t through a dam in hi  che t. He had reached for hi  wand before he'd thought what he wa  doing. People all around them  crambled out of the way, backing down the corridor. “Harry!” Hermione  aid warningly. “Go on, then, Potter,” Malfoy  aid quietly, drawing out hi  own wand. “Moody'  not here to look after you now - do it, if you've got the gut  -” For a  plit  econd, they looked into each other'  eye , then, at exactly the  ame time, both acted. “Funnunculu !” Harry yelled. “Den augeo!”  creamed Malfoy. Jet  of light  hot from both wand , hit each other in midair, and ricocheted off at angle  - Harry'  hit Goyle in the face, and Malfoy'  hit Hermione. Goyle bellowed and put hi  hand  to hi  no e, where great ugly boil  were  pringing up - Hermione, whimpering in panic, wa  clutching her mouth. “Hermione!” Ron had hurried forward to  ee what wa  wrong with her; Harry turned and  aw Ron dragging Hermione'  hand away from her face. It wa n't a pretty  ight. Hermione'  front teeth - already larger than average - were now growing at an alarming rate;  he wa  looking more and more like a beaver a  her teeth elongated, pa t her bottom lip, toward her chin - panic- tricken,  he felt them and let out a terrified cry. “And what i  all thi  noi e about?”  aid a  oft, deadly voice. Snape had arrived. The Slytherin  clamored to give their explanation ; Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and  aid, “Explain.” “Potter attacked me,  ir -” “We attacked each other at the  ame time!” Harry  houted. “- and he hit Goyle - look -” Snape examined Goyle, who e face now re embled  omething that would have been at home in a book on poi onou  fungi. “Ho pital wing, Goyle,” Snape  aid calmly. “Malfoy got Hermione!” Ron  aid. “Look!” He forced Hermione to  how Snape her teeth -  he wa  doing her be t to hide them with her hand , though thi  wa  difficult a  they had now grown down pa t her collar. Pan y Parkin on and the other Slytherin girl  were doubled up with  ilent giggle , pointing at Hermione from behind Snape'  back. Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then  aid, “I  ee no difference.” Hermione let out a whimper; her eye  filled with tear ,  he turned on her heel and ran, ran all the way up the corridor and out of  ight. It wa  lucky, perhap , that both Harry and Ron  tarted  houting at Snape at the  ame time; lucky their voice  echoed  o much in the  tone corridor, for in the confu ed din, it wa  impo ible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him. He got the gi t, however. “Let'   ee,” he  aid, in hi   ilkie t voice. “Fifty point  from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Wea ley. Now get in ide, or it'll be a week'  worth of detention .” Harry'  ear  were ringing. The inju tice of it made him want to cur e Snape into a thou and  limy piece . He pa ed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon, and  lammed hi  bag down onto the table. Ron wa   haking with anger too - for a moment, it felt a  though everything wa  back to normal between them, but then Ron turned and  at down with Dean and Seamu  in tead, leaving Harry alone at hi  table. On the other  ide of the dungeon, Malfoy turned hi  back on Snape and pre ed hi  badge,  mirking. POTTER STINKS fla hed once more acro  the room. Harry  at there  taring at Snape a  the le on began, picturing horrific thing  happening to him.…If only he knew how to do the Cruciatu  Cur e…he'd have Snape flat on hi  back like that  pider, jerking and twitching.… “Antidote !”  aid Snape, looking around at them all, hi  cold black eye  glittering unplea antly. “You  hould all have prepared your recipe  now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then, we will be  electing  omeone on whom to te t one…” Snape'  eye  met Harry' , and Harry knew what wa  coming. Snape wa  going to poi on him. Harry imagined picking up hi  cauldron, and  printing to the front of the cla , and bringing it down on Snape'  grea y head - And then a knock on the dungeon door bur t in on Harry'  thought . It wa  Colin Creevey; he edged into the room, beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snape'  de k at the front of the room. “Ye ?”  aid Snape curtly. “Plea e,  ir, I'm  uppo ed to take Harry Potter up tair .” Snape  tared down hi  hooked no e at Colin, who e  mile faded from hi  eager face. “Potter ha  another hour of Potion  to complete,”  aid Snape coldly. “He will come up tair  when thi  cla  i  fini hed.” Colin went pink. “Sir -  ir, Mr. Bagman want  him,” he  aid nervou ly. “All the champion  have got to go, I think they want to take photograph …” Harry would have given anything he owned to have  topped Colin  aying tho e la t few word . He chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron wa   taring determinedly at the ceiling. “Very well, very well,” Snape  napped. “Potter, leave your thing  here, I want you back down here later to te t your antidote.” “Plea e,  ir - he'  got to take hi  thing  with him,”  queaked Cohn. “All the champion …” “Very well!”  aid Snape. “Potter - take your bag and get out of my  ight!” Harry  wung hi  bag over hi   houlder, got up, and headed for the door. A  he walked through the Slytherin de k , POTTER STINKS fla hed at him from every direction. “It'  amazing, i n't it, Harry?”  aid Colin,  tarting to  peak the moment Harry had clo ed the dungeon door behind him. “I n't it, though? You being champion?” “Yeah, really amazing,”  aid Harry heavily a  they  et off toward the  tep  into the entrance hall. “What do they want photo  for, Colin?” “The Daily Prophet, I think!” “Great,”  aid Harry dully. “Exactly what I need. More publicity.” “Good luck!”  aid Colin when they had reached the right room. Harry knocked on the door and entered. He wa  in a fairly  mall cla room; mo t of the de k  had been pu hed away to the back of the room, leaving a large  pace in the middle; three of them, however, had been placed end-to-end in front of the blackboard and covered with a long length of velvet. Five chair  had been  et behind the velvet-covered de k , and Ludo Bagman wa   itting in one of them, talking to a witch Harry had never  een before, who wa  wearing magenta robe . Viktor Krum wa   tanding moodily in a corner a  u ual and not talking to anybody. Cedric and Fheur were in conver ation. Fheur looked a good deal happier than Harry had  een her  o far;  he kept throwing back her head  o that her long  ilvery hair caught the light. A paunchy man, holding a large black camera that wa   moking  lightly, wa  watching Fleur out of the corner of hi  eye. Bagman  uddenly  potted Harry, got up quickly, and bounded forward. “Ah, here he i ! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come…nothing to worry about, it'  ju t the wand weighing ceremony, the re t of the judge  will be here in a moment -” “Wand weighing?” Harry repeated nervou ly. “We have to check that your wand  are fully functional, no problem , you know, a  they're your mo t important tool  in the ta k  ahead,”  aid Bagman. “The expert'  up tair  now with Dumbledore. And then there'  going to be a little photo  hoot. Thi  i  Rita Skeeter,” he added, ge turing toward the witch in magenta robe . “She'  doing a  mall piece on the tournament for the Daily Prophet.…” “Maybe not that  mall, Ludo,”  aid Rita Skeeter, her eye  on Harry. Her hair wa   et in elaborate and curiou ly rigid curl  that contra ted oddly with her heavy-jawed face. She wore jeweled  pectacle . The thick finger  clutching her crocodile- kin handbag ended in two-inch nail , painted crim on. “I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we  tart?”  he  aid to Bagman, but  till gazing fixedly at Harry. “The younge t champion, you know…to add a bit of color?” “Certainly!” cried Bagman. “That i  - if Harry ha  no objection?” “Er -”  aid Harry. “Lovely,”  aid Rita Skeeter, and in a  econd, her  carlet-taloned finger  had Harry'  upper arm in a  urpri ingly  trong grip, and  he wa   teering him out of the room again and opening a nearby door. “We don't want to be in there with all that noi e,”  he  aid. “Let'   ee…ah, ye , thi  i  nice and cozy.” It wa  a broom cupboard. Harry  tared at her. “Come along, dear - that'  right - lovely,”  aid Rita Skeeter again, perching her elf precariou ly upon an upturned bucket, pu hing Harry down onto a cardboard box, and clo ing the door, throwing them into darkne . “Let'   ee now…” She un napped her crocodile- kin handbag and pulled out a handful of candle , which  he lit with a wave of her wand and magicked into midair,  o that they could  ee what they were doing. “You won't mind, Harry, if I u e a Quick-Quote  Quill? It leave  me free to talk to you normally…” “A what?”  aid Harry. Rita Skeeter'   mile widened. Harry counted three gold teeth. She reached again into her crocodile bag and drew out a long acid-green quill and a roll of parchment, which  he  tretched out between them on a crate of Mr . Skower'  All-Purpo e Magical Me  Remover. She put the tip of the green quill into her mouth,  ucked it for a moment with apparent reli h, then placed it upright on the parchment, where it  tood balanced on it  point, quivering  lightly. “Te ting…my name i  Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter.” Harry hooked down quickly at the quill. The moment Rita Skeeter had  poken, the green quill had  tarted to  cribble,  kidding acro  the parchment: Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, forty-three, who'   avage quill ha  punctured many inflated reputation  - “Lovely,”  aid Rita Skeeter, yet again, and  he ripped the top piece of parchment off, crumpled it up, and  tuffed it into her handbag. Now  he leaned toward Harry and  aid, “So, Harry…what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?” “Er -”  aid Harry again, but he wa  di tracted by the quill. Even though he wa n't  peaking, it wa  da hing acro  the parchment, and in it  wake he could make out a fre h  entence: An ugly  car,  ouvenier of a tragic pa t, di figure  the otherwi e charming face of Harry Potter, who e eye  - “Ignore the quill, Harry,”  aid Rita Skeeter firmly. Reluctantly Harry looked up at her in tead. “Now - why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?” “I didn't,”  aid Harry. “I don't know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. I didn't put it in there.” Rita Skeeter rai ed one heavily penciled eyebrow. “Come now, Harry, there'  no need to be  cared of getting into trouble. We all know you  houldn't really have entered at all. But don't worry about that. Our reader  hove a rebel.” “But I didn't enter,” Harry repeated. “I don't know who -” “How do you feel about the ta k  ahead?”  aid Rita Skeeter. “Excited? Nervou ?” “I haven't really thought…yeah, nervou , I  uppo e,”  aid Harry. Hi  in ide   quirmed uncomfortably a  he  poke. “Champion  have died in the pa t, haven't they?”  aid Rita Skeeter bri kly. “Have you thought about that at all?” “Well…they  ay it'  going to be a lot  afer thi  year,”  aid Harry. The quill whizzed acro  the parchment between them, back and forward a  though it were  kating. “Of cour e, you've looked death in the face before, haven't you?”  aid Rita Skeeter, watching him clo ely. “How would you  ay that'  affected you?” “Er,”  aid Harry, yet again. “Do you think that the trauma in your pa t might have made you keen to prove your elf? To live up to your name? Do you think that perhap  you were tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament becau e -” “I didn't enter,”  aid Harry,  tarting to feel irritated. “Can you remember your parent  at all?”  aid Rita Skeeter, talking over him. “No,”  aid Harry. “How do you think they'd feel if they knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? Worried? Angry?” Harry wa  feeling really annoyed now. How on earth wa  he to know how hi  parent  would feel if they were alive? He could feel Rita Skeeter watching him very intently. Frowning, he avoided her gaze and hooked down at word  the quill had ju t written: Tear  fill tho e  tartlingly green eye  a  our conver ation turn  to the parent  he can barely remember. “I have NOT got tear  in my eye !”  aid Harry loudly. Before Rita Skeeter could  ay a word, the door of the broom cupboard wa  pulled open. Harry looked around, blinking in the bright light. Albu  Dumbledore  tood there, looking down at both of them,  qua hed into the cupboard. “Dumbledore!” cried Rita Skeeter, with every appearance of delight - but Harry noticed that her quill and the parchment had  uddenly vani hed from the box of Magical Me  Remover, and Rita'  clawed finger  were ha tily  napping  hut the cla p of her crocodile- kin bag. “How are you?”  he  aid,  tanding up and holding out one of her large, manni h hand  to Dumbledore. “I hope you  aw my piece over the  ummer about the International Confederation of Wizard ' Conference?” “Enchantingly na ty,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  eye  twinkling. “I particularly enjoyed your de cription of me a  an ob olete dingbat.” Rita Skeeter didn't look remotely aba hed. “I wa  ju t making the point that  ome of your idea  are a little old-fa hioned, Dumbhedore, and that many wizard  in the  treet -” “I will be delighted to hear the rea oning behind the rudene , Rita,”  aid Dumbledore, with a courteou  bow and a  mile, “but I'm afraid we will have to di cu  the matter later. The Weighing of the Wand  i  about to  tart, and it cannot take place if one of our champion  i  hidden in a broom cupboard.” Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry hurried back into the room. The other champion  were now  itting in chair  near the door, and he  at down quickly next to Cedric, hooking up at the velvet-covered table, where four of the five judge  were now  itting - Profe or Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr. Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. Rita Skeeter  ettled her elf down in a corner; Harry  aw her  lip the parchment out of her bag again,  pread it on her knee,  uck the end of the Quick-Quote  Quill, and place it once more on the parchment. “May I introduce Mr. Ollivander?”  aid Dumbledore, taking hi  place at the judge ' table and talking to the champion . “He will be checking your wand  to en ure that they are in good condition before the tournament.” Harry hooked around, and with a jolt of  urpri e  aw an old wizard with large, pale eye   tanding quietly by the window. Harry had met Mr. Ollivander before - he wa  the wand-maker from whom Harry had bought hi  own wand over three year  ago in Diagon Alley. “Mademoi elle Delacour, could we have you fir t, plea e?”  aid Mr. Ollivander,  tepping into the empty  pace in the middle of the room. Fleur Delacour  wept over to Mr. Olhivander and handed him her wand. “Hmm…” he  aid. He twirled the wand between hi  long finger  like a baton and it emitted a number of pink and gold  park . Then he held it cho e to hi  eye  and examined it carefully. “Ye ,” he  aid quietly, “nine and a half inche …inflexible…ro ewood…and containing…dear me…” “An 'air from ze 'ead of a veela,”  aid Fleur. “One of my grandmuzzer' .” So Fleur wa  part veela, thought Harry, making a mental note to tell Ron…then he remembered that Ron wa n't  peaking to him. “Ye ,”  aid Mr. Ollivander, “ye , I've never u ed veela hair my elf, of cour e. I find it make  for rather temperamental wand …however, to each hi  own, and if thi   uit  you…” Mr. Ollivander ran hi  finger  along the wand, apparently checking for  cratche  or bump ; then he muttered, “Orchideou !” and a bunch of flower  bur t from the wand tip. “Very well, very well, it'  in fine working order,”  aid Mr. Ollivander,  cooping up the flower  and handing them to Fleur with her wand. “Mr. Diggory, you next.” Fleur glided back to her  eat,  miling at Cedric a  he pa ed her. “Ah, now, thi  i  one of mine, i n't it?”  aid Mr. Ollivander, with much more enthu ia m, a  Cedric handed over hi  wand. “Ye , I remember it well. Containing a  ingle hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn…mu t have been  eventeen hand ; nearly gored me with hi  horn after I plucked hi  tail. Twelve and a quarter inche …a h…plea antly  pringy. It'  in fine condition…You treat it regularly?” “Poli hed it la t night,”  aid Cedric, grinning. Harry hooked down at hi  own wand. He could  ee finger mark  all over it. He gathered a fi tful of robe from hi  knee and tried to rub it clean  urreptitiou ly. Several gold  park   hot out of the end of it. Fleur Delacour gave him a very patronizing look, and he de i ted. Mr. Ollivander  ent a  tream of  ilver  moke ring  acro  the room from the tip of Cedric'  wand, pronounced him elf  ati fied, and then  aid, “Mr. Krum, if you plea e.” Viktor Krum got up and  louched, round- houldered and duck-footed, toward Mr. Ollivander. He thru t out hi  wand and  tood  cowling, with hi  hand  in the pocket  of hi  robe . “Hmm,”  aid Mr. Olhivander, “thi  i  a Gregorovitch creation, unle  I'm much mi taken? A fine wand-maker, though the  tyling i  never quite what I…however…” He lifted the wand and examined it minutely, turning it over and over before hi  eye . “Ye …hornbeam and dragon heart tring?” he  hot at Krum, who nodded. “Rather thicker than one u ually  ee …quite rigid…ten and a quarter inche …Avi !” The hornbeam wand let off a bla t hike a gun, and a number of  mall, twittering bird  flew out of the end and through the open window into the watery  unlight. “Good,”  aid Mr. Ollivander, handing Krum back hi  wand. “Which leave …Mr. Potter.” Harry got to hi  feet and walked pa t Krum to Mr. Ollivander. He handed over hi  wand. “Aaaah, ye ,”  aid Mr. Ohlivander, hi  pale eye   uddenly gleaming. “Ye , ye , ye . How well I remember.” Harry could remember too. He could remember it a  though it had happened ye terday.… Four  ummer  ago, on hi  eleventh birthday, he had entered Mr. Ollivander'   hop with Hagrid to buy a wand. Mr. Ollivander had taken hi  mea urement  and then  tarted handing him wand  to try. Harry had waved what felt like every wand in the  hop, until at la t he had found the one that  uited him - thi  one, which wa  made of holly, eleven inche  long, and contained a  ingle feather from the tail of a phoenix. Mr. Ollivander had been very  urpri ed that Harry had been  o compatible with thi  wand. “Curiou ,” he had  aid, “curiou ,” and not until Harry a ked what wa  curiou  had Mr. Olhivander explained that the phoenix feather in Harry'  wand had come from the  ame bird that had  upplied the core of Lord Voldemort' . Harry had never  hared thi  piece of information with anybody. He wa  very fond of hi  wand, and a  far a  he wa  concerned it  relation to Voldemort'  wand wa   omething it couldn't help - rather a  he couldn't help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, he really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wa n't about to tell the room about it. He had a funny feeling Rita Skeeter'  Quick-Quote  Quill might ju t explode with excitement if he did. Mr. Ollivander  pent much longer examining Harry'  wand than anyone el e' . Eventually, however, he made a fountain of wine  hoot out of it, and handed it back to Harry, announcing that it wa   till in perfect condition. “Thank you all,”  aid Dumbledore,  tanding up at the judge ' table. “You may go back to your le on  now - or perhap  it would be quicker ju t to go down to dinner, a  they are about to end -” Feeling that at la t  omething had gone right today, Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared hi  throat. “Photo , Dumbledore, photo !” cried Bagman excitedly. “All the judge  and champion , what do you think, Rita?” “Er - ye , let'  do tho e fir t,”  aid Rita Skeeter, who e eye  were upon Harry again. “And then perhap   ome individual  hot .” The photograph  took a long time. Madame Maxime ca t everyone el e into  hadow wherever  he  tood, and the photographer couldn't  tand far enough back to get her into the frame; eventually  he had to  it while everyone el e  tood around her. Karkaroff kept twirling hi  goatee around hi  finger to give it an extra curl; Krum, whom Harry would have thought would have been u ed to thi   ort of thing,  kulked, half-hidden, at the back of the group. The photographer  eemed keene t to get Fleur at the front, but Rita Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry into greater prominence. Then  he in i ted on  eparate  hot  of all the champion . At la t, they were free to go. Harry went down to dinner. Hermione wa n't there - he  uppo ed  he wa   till in the ho pital wing having her teeth fixed. He ate alone at the end of the table, then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking of all the extra work on Summoning Charm  that he had to do. Up in the dormitory, he came acro  Ron. “You've had an owl,”  aid Ron bru quely the moment he walked in. He wa  pointing at Harry'  pillow. The  chool barn owl wa  waiting for him there. “Oh - right,”  aid Harry. “And we've got to do our detention  tomorrow night, Snape'  dungeon,”  aid Ron. He then walked  traight out of the room, not looking at Harry. For a moment, Harry con idered going after him - he wa n't  ure whether he wanted to talk to him or hit him, both  eemed quite appealing - but the lure of Siriu '  an wer wa  too  trong. Harry  trode over to the barn owl, took the letter off it  leg, and unrolled it. Harry - I can't  ay everything I would like to in a letter, it'  too ri ky in ca e the owl i  intercepted - we need to talk face-to-face. Can you en ure that you are alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one o'clock in the morning on the 22nd ofNovember? I know better than anyone that you can look after your elf and while you're around Dumbledore and Moody I don't think anyone will be able to hurt you. However,  omeone  eem  to be having a good try. Entering you in that tournament would have been very ri ky, e pecially right under Dumbkdore'  no e. Be on the watch, Harry. I  till want to hear about anything unu ual. Let me know about the 22nd ofNovember a  quickly a  you can. Siriu  HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER NINETEEN THE HUNGARIAN HORNTAIL T he pro pect of talking face-to-face with Siriu  wa  all that  u tained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright  pot on a horizon that had never looked darker. The  hock of finding him elf  chool champion had worn off  lightly now, and the fear of what wa  facing him had  tarted to  ink in. The fir t ta k wa  drawing  teadily nearer; he felt a  though it were crouching ahead of him hike  ome horrific mon ter, barring hi  path. He had never  uffered nerve  like the e; they were way beyond anything he had experienced before a Quidditch match, not even hi  la t one again t Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup. Harry wa  finding it hard to think about the future at all; he felt a  though hi  whole life had been heading up to, and would fini h with, the fir t ta k.… Admittedly, he didn't  ee how Siriu  wa  going to make him feel any better about having to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerou  magic in front of hundred  of people, but the mere  ight of a friendly face would be  omething at the moment. Harry wrote back to Siriu   aying that he would be be ide the common room fire at the time Siriu  had  ugge ted; and he and Hermione  pent a long time going over plan  for forcing any  traggler  out of the common room on the night in que tion. If the wor t came to the wor t, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbomb , but they hoped they wouldn't have to re ort to that - Filch would  kin them alive. In the meantime, life became even wor e for Harry within the confine  of the ca tle, for Rita Skeeter had publi hed her piece about the Triwizard Tournament, and it had turned out to be not  o much a report on the tournament a  a highly colored life  tory of Harry. Much of the front page had been given over to a picture of Harry; the article (continuing on page  two,  ix, and  even) had been all about Harry, the name  of the Beauxbaton  and Durm trang champion  (mi pelled) had been  qua hed into the la t line of the article, and Cedric hadn't been mentioned at all. The article had appeared ten day  ago, and Harry  till got a  ick, burning feeling of  hame in hi   tomach every time he thought about it. Rita Skeeter had reported him  aying an awful lot of thing  that he couldn't remember ever  aying in hi  life, let alone in that broom cupboard. I  uppo e I get my  trength from my parent . I know they'd be very proud of me if they could  ee me now….Ye ,  ometime  at night I  till cry about them, I'm not a hamed to admit it.…I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament, becau e they're watching over me… But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than tran forming hi  “er' ” into long,  ickly  entence : She had interviewed other people about him too. Harry ha  at la t found love at Hogwart . Hi  clo e friend, Colin Creevey,  ay  that Harry i  rarely  een out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a  tunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who, like Harry, i  one of the top  tudent  in the  chool. From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to endure people -Slytherin , mainly - quoting it at him a  he pa ed and making  neering comment . “Want a hanky, Potter, in ca e you  tart crying in Tran figuration?” “Since when have you been one of the top  tudent  in the  chool, Potter? Or i  thi  a  chool you and Longbottom have  et up together?” “Hey - Harry!” “Yeah, that'  right!” Harry found him elf  houting a  he wheeled around in the corridor, having had ju t about enough. “I've ju t been crying my eye  out over my dead mum, and I'm ju t off to do a bit more…” “No - it wa  ju t - you dropped your quill.” It wa  Cho. Harry felt the color ri ing in hi  face. “Oh - right -  orry,” he muttered, taking the quill back. “Er…good luck on Tue day,”  he  aid. “I really hope you do well.” Which left Harry feeling extremely  tupid. Hermione had come in for her fair  hare of unplea antne  too, but  he hadn't yet  tarted yelling at innocent by tander ; in fact, Harry wa  full of admiration for the way  he wa  handling the  ituation. “Stunningly pretty? Her?” Pan y Parkin on had  hrieked the fir t time  he had come face-to-face with Hermione after Rita'  article had appeared. “What wa   he judging again t - a chipmunk?” “Ignore it,” Hermione  aid in a dignified voice, holding her head in the air and  talking pa t the  niggering Slytherin girl  a  though  he couldn't hear them. “Ju t ignore it, Harry.” But Harry couldn't ignore it. Ron hadn't  poken to him at all  ince he had told him about Snape'  detention . Harry had half hoped they would make thing  up during the two hour  they were forced to pickle rat ' brain  in Snape'  dungeon, but that had been the day Rita'  article had appeared, which  eemed to have confirmed Ron'  belief that Harry wa  really enjoying all the attention. Hermione wa  furiou  with the pair of them;  he went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry wa  adamant: He would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn't put hi  name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for calling him a liar. “I didn't  tart thi ,” Harry  aid  tubbornly. “It'  hi  problem.” “You mi  him!” Hermione  aid impatiently. “And I know he mi e  you -” “Mi  him?”  aid Harry. “I don't mi  him…” But thi  wa  a downright lie. Harry liked Hermione very much, but  he ju t wa n't the  ame a  Ron. There wa  much he  laughter and a lot more hanging around in the library when Hermione wa  your be t friend. Harry  till hadn't ma tered Summoning Charm , he  eemed to have developed  omething of a block about them, and Hermione in i ted that learning the theory would help. They con equently  pent a lot of time poring over book  during their lunchtime . Viktor Krum wa  in the library an awful lot too, and Harry wondered what he wa  up to. Wa  he  tudying, or wa  he looking for thing  to help him through the fir t ta k? Hermione often complained about Krum being there - not that he ever bothered them - but becau e group  of giggling girl  often turned up to  py on him from behind book helve , and Hermione found the noi e di tracting. “He'  not even good-looking!”  he muttered angrily, glaring at Krum'   harp profile. “They only like him becau e he'  famou ! They wouldn't look twice at him if he couldn't do that Wonky-Faint thing -” “Wron ki Feint,”  aid Harry, through gritted teeth. Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch term  correct, it cau ed him another pang to imagine Ron'  expre ion if he could have heard Hermione talking about Wonky-Faint . It i  a  trange thing, but when you are dreading  omething, and would give anything to  low down time, it ha  a di obliging habit of  peeding up. The day  until the fir t ta k  eemed to  lip by a  though  omeone had fixed the clock  to work at double  peed. Harry'  feeling of barely controlled panic wa  with him wherever he went, a  everpre ent a  the  nide comment  about the Daily Prophet article. On the Saturday before the fir t ta k, all  tudent  in the third year and above were permitted to vi it the village of Hog meade. Hermione told Harry that it would do him good to get away from the ca tle for a bit, and Harry didn't need much per ua ion. “What about Ron, though?” he  aid. “Don't you want to go with him?” “Oh…well…”Hermione went  lightly pink. “I thought we might meet up with him in the Three Broom tick .…” “No,”  aid Harry flatly. “Oh Harry, thi  i   o  tupid -” “I'll come, but I'm not meeting Ron, and I'm wearing my Invi ibility Cloak.” “Oh all right then…” Hermione  napped, “but I hate talking to you in that cloak, I never know if I'm looking at you or not.” So Harry put on hi  Invi ibility Cloak in the dormitory, went back down tair , and together he and Hermione  et off for Hog meade. Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak; he watched other  tudent  walking pa t them a  they entered the village, mo t of them  porting Support Cedric Diggory! badge , but no horrible remark  came hi  way for a change, and nobody wa  quoting that  tupid article. “People keep looking at me now,”  aid Hermione grumpily a  they came out of Honeyduke  Sweet hop later, eating large cream-filled chocolate . “They think I'm talking to my elf.” “Don't move your lip   o much then.” “Come on, plea e ju t take off your cloak for a bit, no one'  going to bother you here.” “Oh yeah?”  aid Harry. “Look behind you.” Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend had ju t emerged from the Three Broom tick  pub. Talking in low voice , they pa ed right by Hermione without hooking at her. Harry backed into the wall of Honeyduke  to  top Rita Skeeter from hitting him with her crocodile- kin handbag. When they were gone, Harry  aid, “She'   taying in the village. I bet  he'  coming to watch the fir t ta k.” A  he  aid it, hi   tomach flooded with a wave of molten panic. He didn't mention thi ; he and Hermione hadn't di cu ed what wa  coming in the fir t ta k much; he had the feeling  he didn't want to think about it. “She'  gone,”  aid Hermione, looking right through Harry toward the end of the  treet. “Why don't we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broom tick , it'  a bit cold, i n't it? You don't have to talk to Ron!”  he added irritably, correctly interpreting hi   ilence. The Three Broom tick  wa  packed, mainly with Hogwart   tudent  enjoying their free afternoon, but al o with a variety of magical people Harry rarely  aw anywhere el e. Harry  uppo ed that a  Hog meade wa  the only all-wizard village in Britain, it wa  a bit of a haven for creature  like hag , who were not a  adept a  wizard  at di gui ing them elve . It wa  very hard to move through crowd  in the Invi ibility Cloak, in ca e you accidentally trod on  omeone, which tended to lead to awkward que tion . Harry edged  lowly toward a  pare table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drink . On hi  way through the pub, Harry  potted Ron, who wa   itting with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Re i ting the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head, he finally reached the table and  at down at it. Hermione joined him a moment later and  lipped him a butterbeer under hi  cloak. “I look like  uch an idiot,  itting here on my own,”  he muttered. “Lucky I brought  omething to do.” And  he pulled out a notebook in which  he had been keeping a record of S.P.E.W. member . Harry  aw hi  and Ron'  name  at the top of the very  hort li t. It  eemed a long time ago that they had  at making up tho e prediction  together, and Hermione had turned up and appointed them  ecretary and trea urer. “You know, maybe I  hould try and get  ome of the villager  involved in S.P.E.W.,” Hermione  aid thoughtfully, looking around the pub. “Yeah, right,”  aid Harry. He took a  wig of butterbeer under hi  cloak. “Hermione, when are you going to give up on thi   pew  tuff?” “When hou e-elve  have decent wage  and working condition !”  he hi ed back. “You know, I'm  tarting to think it'  time for more direct action. I wonder how you get into the  chool kitchen ?” “No idea, a k Fred and George,”  aid Harry. Hermione lap ed into thoughtful  ilence, while Harry drank hi  butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot were  wapping Chocolate Frog card  at a nearby table; both of them  porting Support Cedric Diggory ! badge  on their cloak . Right over by the door he  aw Cho and a large group of her Ravenclaw friend . She wa n't wearing a Cedric badge though.…Thi  cheered up Harry very  lightly.… What wouldn't he have given to be one of the e people,  itting around laughing and talking, with nothing to worry about but homework? He imagined how it would have felt to be here if hi  name hadn't come out of the Goblet of Fire. He wouldn't be wearing the Invi ibility Cloak, for one thing. Ron would be  itting with him. The three of them would probably be happily imagining what deadly dangerou  ta k the  chool champion  would be facing on Tue day. He'd have been really hooking forward to it, watching them do whatever it wa …cheering on Cedric with everyone el e,  afe in a  eat at the back of the  tand … He wondered how the other champion  were feeling. Every time he had  een Cedric lately, he had been  urrounded by admirer  and looking nervou  but excited. Harry glimp ed Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridor ;  he looked exactly a   he alway  did, haughty and unruffled. And Krum ju t  at in the library, poring over book . Harry thought of Siriu , and the tight, ten e knot in hi  che t  eemed to ea e  lightly. He would be  peaking to him in ju t over twelve hour , for tonight wa  the night they were meeting at the common room fire - a uming nothing went wrong, a  everything el e had done lately… “Look, it'  Hagrid!”  aid Hermione. The back of Hagrid'  enormou   haggy head - he had mercifully abandoned hi  bunche  - emerged over the crowd. Harry wondered why he hadn't  potted him at once, a  Hagrid wa   o large, but  tanding up carefully, he  aw that Hagrid had been leaning low, talking to Profe or Moody. Hagrid had hi  u ual enormou  tankard in front of him, but Moody wa  drinking from hi  hip fla k. Madam Ro merta, the pretty landlady, didn't  eem to think much of thi ;  he wa  looking a kance at Moody a   he collected gla e  from table  around them. Perhap   he thought it wa  an in ult to her mulled mead, but Harry knew better. Moody had told them all during their la t Defen e Again t the Dark Art  le on that he preferred to prepare hi  own food and drink at all time , a  it wa   o ea y for Dark wizard  to poi on an unattended cup. A  Harry watched, he  aw Hagrid and Moody get up to leave. He waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn't  ee him. Moody, however, pau ed, hi  magical eye on the corner where Harry wa   tanding. He tapped Hagrid in the  mall of the back (being unable to reach hi   houlder), muttered  omething to him, and then the pair of them made their way back acro  the pub toward Harry and Hermione'  table. “All right, Hermione?”  aid Hagrid loudly. “Hello,”  aid Hermione,  miling back. Moody limped around the table and bent down; Harry thought he wa  reading the S.P.E.W. notebook, until he muttered, “Nice cloak, Potter.” Harry  tared at him in amazement. The large chunk mi ing from Moody'  no e wa  particularly obviou  at a few inche ' di tance. Moody grinned. “Can your eye - I mean, can you -?” “Yeah, it can  ee through Invi ibility Cloak ,” Moody  aid quietly. “And it'  come in u eful at time , I can tell you.” Hagrid wa  beaming down at Harry too. Harry knew Hagrid couldn't  ee him, but Moody had obviou ly told Hagrid he wa  there. Hagrid now bent down on the pretext of reading the S.P.E.W. notebook a  well, and  aid in a whi per  o low that only Harry could hear it, “Harry, meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin. Wear that cloak.” Straightening up, Hagrid  aid loudly, “Nice ter  ee yeh, Hermione,” winked, and departed. Moody followed him. “Why doe  Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?” Harry  aid, very  urpri ed. “Doe  he?”  aid Hermione, looking  tartled. “I wonder what he'  up to? I don't know whether you  hould go, Harry.…” She looked nervou ly around and hi ed, “It might make you late for Siriu .” It wa  true that going down to Hagrid'  at midnight would mean cutting hi  meeting with Siriu  very fine indeed; Hermione  ugge ted  ending Hedwig down to Hagrid'  to tell him he couldn't go - alway  a uming  he would con ent to take the note, of cour e - Harry, however, thought it better ju t to be quick at whatever Hagrid wanted him for. He wa  very curiou  to know what thi  might be; Hagrid had never a ked Harry to vi it him  o late at night. At half pa t eleven that evening, Harry, who had pretended to go up to bed early, pulled the Invi ibility Cloak back over him elf and crept back down tair  through the common room. Quite a few people were  till in there. The Creevey brother  had managed to get hold of a  tack of Support Cedric Diggory ! badge  and were trying to bewitch them to make them  ay Support Harry Potter ! in tead. So far, however, all they had managed to do wa  get the badge   tuck on POTTER STINKS . Harry crept pa t them to the portrait hole and waited for a minute or  o, keeping an eye on hi  watch. Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady for him from out ide a  they had planned. He  lipped pa t her with a whi pered “Thank !” and  et off through the ca tle. The ground  were very dark. Harry walked down the lawn toward the light   hining in Hagrid'  cabin. The in ide of the enormou  Beauxbaton  carriage wa  al o lit up; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talking in ide it a  he knocked on Hagrid'  front door. “You there, Harry?” Hagrid whi pered, opening the door and looking around. “Yeah,”  aid Harry,  lipping in ide the cabin and pulling the cloak down off hi  head. “What'  up?” “Got  ummat ter  how yeh,”  aid Hagrid. There wa  an air of enormou  excitement about Hagrid. He wa  wearing a flower that re embled an over ized artichoke in hi  buttonhole. It looked a  though he had abandoned the u e of axle grea e, but he had certainly attempted to comb hi  hair - Harry could  ee the comb'  broken teeth tangled in it. “What're you  howing me?” Harry  aid warily, wondering if the  krewt  had laid egg , or Hagrid had managed to buy another giant three-headed dog off a  tranger in a pub. “Come with me, keep quiet, an' keep yer elf covered with that cloak,”  aid Hagrid. “We won' take Fang, he won' like it…” “Li ten, Hagrid, I can't  tay long.…I've got to be back up at the ca tle by one o'clock -” But Hagrid wa n't li tening; he wa  opening the cabin door and  triding off into the night. Harry hurried to follow and found, to hi  great  urpri e, that Hagrid wa  leading him to the Beauxbaton  carriage. “Hagrid, what -?” “Shhh!”  aid Hagrid, and he knocked three time  on the door bearing the cro ed golden wand . Madame Maxime opened it. She wa  wearing a  ilk  hawl wrapped around her ma ive  houlder . She  miled when  he  aw Hagrid. “Ah, 'Agrid…it i  time?” “Bong- ewer,”  aid Hagrid, beaming at her, and holding out a hand to help her down the golden  tep . Madame Maxime clo ed the door behind her, Hagrid offered her hi  arm, and they  et off around the edge of the paddock containing Madame Maxime'  giant winged hor e , with Harry, totally bewildered, running to keep up with them. Had Hagrid wanted to  how him Madame Maxime? He could  ee her any old time he wanted… he wa n't exactly hard to mi .… But it  eemed that Madame Maxime wa  in for the  ame treat a  Harry, becau e after a while  he  aid playfully, “Wair i  it you are taking me, 'Agrid?” “Yeh'll enjoy thi ,”  aid Hagrid gruffly, “worth  eein', tru t me. On'y - don' go tellin' anyone I  howed yeh, right? Yeh're not  'po ed ter know.” “Of cour e not,”  aid Madame Maxime, fluttering her long black eyela he . And  till they walked, Harry getting more and more irritated a  he jogged along in their wake, checking hi  watch every now and then. Hagrid had  ome harebrained  cheme in hand, which might make him mi  Siriu . If they didn't get there  oon, he wa  going to turn around, go  traight back to the ca tle, and leave Hagrid to enjoy hi  moonlit  troll with Madame Maxime.… But then - when they had walked  o far around the perimeter of the fore t that the ca tle and the lake were out of  ight - Harry heard  omething. Men were  houting up ahead…then came a deafening, ear plitting roar… Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a clump of tree  and came to a halt. Harry hurried up along ide them - for a  plit  econd, he thought he wa   eeing bonfire , and men darting around them - and then hi  mouth fell open. Dragon . Four fully grown, enormou , viciou -looking dragon  were rearing onto their hind leg  in ide an enclo ure fenced with thick plank  of wood, roaring and  norting - torrent  of fire were  hooting into the dark  ky from their open, fanged mouth , fifty feet above the ground on their out tretched neck . There wa  a  ilvery-blue one with long, pointed horn ,  napping and  narling at the wizard  on the ground; a  mooth- caled green one, which wa  writhing and  tamping with all it  might; a red one with an odd fringe of fine gold  pike  around it  face, which wa   hooting mu hroom- haped fire cloud  into the air; and a gigantic black one, more lizard-hike than the other , which wa  neare t to them. At lea t thirty wizard ,  even or eight to each dragon, were attempting to control them, pulling on the chain  connected to heavy leather  trap  around their neck  and leg . Me merized, Harry looked up, high above him, and  aw the eye  of the black dragon, with vertical pupil  like a cat' , bulging with either fear or rage, he couldn't tell which.…It wa  making a horrible noi e, a yowling,  creeching  cream.… “Keep back there, Hagrid!” yelled a wizard near the fence,  training on the chain he wa  holding. “They can  hoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! I've  een thi  Horntail do forty!” “I 'n' it beautiful?”  aid Hagrid  oftly. “It'  no good!” yelled another wizard. “Stunning Spell , on the count of three!” Harry  aw each of the dragon keeper  pull out hi  wand. “Stupefy!” they  houted in uni on, and the Stunning Spell   hot into the darkne  like fiery rocket , bur ting in  hower  of  tar  on the dragon '  caly hide  - Harry watched the dragon neare t to them teeter dangerou ly on it  back leg ; it  jaw   tretched wide in a  ilent howl; it  no tril  were  uddenly devoid of flame, though  till  moking - then, very  lowly, it fell. Several ton  of  inewy,  caly-black dragon hit the ground with a thud that Harry could have  worn made the tree  behind him quake. The dragon keeper  lowered their wand  and walked forward to their fallen charge , each of which wa  the  ize of a  mall hill. They hurried to tighten the chain  and fa ten them  ecurely to iron peg , which they forced deep into the ground with their wand . “Wan' a clo er look?” Hagrid a ked Madame Maxime excitedly. The pair of them moved right up to the fence, and Harry followed. The wizard who had warned Hagrid not to come any clo er turned, and Harry realized who it wa : Charlie Wea ley. “All right, Hagrid?” he panted, coming over to talk. “They  hould be okay now - we put them out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it might be better for them to wake up in the dark and the quiet - but, like you  aw, they weren't happy, not happy at all -” “What breed  you got here, Charlie?”  aid Hagrid, gazing at the clo e t dragon, the black one, with  omething cho e to reverence. It  eye  were  till ju t open. Harry could  ee a  trip of gleaming yellow beneath it  wrinkled black eyelid. “Thi  i  a Hungarian Horntail,”  aid Charlie. “There'  a Common Wel h Green over there, the  maller one - a Swedi h Short-Snout, that blue-gray - and a Chine e Fireball, that'  the red.” Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime wa   trolling away around the edge of the enclo ure, gazing at the  tunned dragon . “I didn't know you were bringing her, Hagrid,” Charlie  aid, frowning. “The champion  aren't  uppo ed to know what'  coming -  he'  bound to tell her  tudent, i n't  he?” “Ju ' thought  he'd like ter  ee 'em,”  hrugged Hagrid,  till gazing, enraptured, at the dragon . “Really romantic date, Hagrid,”  aid Charlie,  haking hi  head. “Four…”  aid Hagrid, “ o it'  one fer each o' the champion , i  it? What've they gotta do - fight 'em?” “Ju t get pa t them, I think,”  aid Charlie. “We'll be on hand if it get  na ty, Extingui hing Spell  at the ready. They wanted ne ting mother , I don't know why…but I tell you thi , I don't envy the one who get  the Horntail. Viciou  thing. It  back end'  a  dangerou  a  it  front, look.” Charlie pointed toward the Horntail'  tail, and Harry  aw long, bronze-colored  pike  protruding along it every few inche . Five of Charlie'  fellow keeper   taggered up to the Horntail at that moment, carrying a clutch of huge granite-gray egg  between them in a blanket. They placed them carefully at the Horntail'   ide. Hagrid let out a moan of longing. “I've got them counted, Hagrid,”  aid Charlie  ternly. Then he  aid, “How'  Harry?” “Fine,”  aid Hagrid. He wa   till gazing at the egg . “Ju t hope he'   till fine after he'  faced thi  lot,”  aid Charlie grimly, looking out over the dragon ' enclo ure. “I didn't dare tell Mum what he'  got to do for the fir t ta k;  he'  already having kitten  about him.…” Charlie imitated hi  mother'  anxiou  voice. “'How could they let him enter that tournament, he'  much too young! I thought they were all  afe, I thought there wa  going to be an age limit!' She wa  in flood  after that Daily Prophet article about him. 'He  till crie  about hi  parent ! Oh ble  him, I never knew!'” Harry had had enough. Tru ting to the fact that Hagrid wouldn't mi  him, with the attraction  of four dragon  and Madame Maxime to occupy him, he turned  ilently and began to walk away, back to the ca tle. He didn't know whether he wa  glad he'd  een what wa  coming or not. Perhap  thi  way wa  better. The fir t  hock wa  over now. Maybe if he'd  een the dragon  for the fir t time on Tue day, he would have pa ed out cold in front of the whole  chool…but maybe he would anyway.…He wa  going to be armed with hi  wand - which, ju t now, felt like nothing more than a narrow  trip of wood - again t a fifty-foot-high,  caly,  pike-ridden, fire-breathing dragon. And he had to get pa t it. With everyone watching. How? Harry  ped up,  kirting the edge of the fore t; he had ju t under fifteen minute  to get back to the fire ide and talk to Siriu , and he couldn't remember, ever, wanting to talk to  omeone more than he did right now - when, without warning, he ran into  omething very  olid. Harry fell backward, hi  gla e  a kew, clutching the cloak around him. A voice nearby  aid, “Ouch! Who'  there?” Harry ha tily checked that the cloak wa  covering him and hay very  till,  taring up at the dark outline of the wizard he had hit. He recognized the goatee…it wa  Karkaroff. “Who'  there?”  aid Karkaroff again, very  u piciou ly, looking around in the darkne . Harry remained  till and  ilent. After a minute or  o, Karkaroff  eemed to decide that he had hit  ome  ort of animal; he wa  looking around at wai t height, a  though expecting to  ee a dog. Then he crept back under the cover of the tree  and  tarted to edge forward toward the place where the dragon  were. Very  lowly and very carefully, Harry got to hi  feet and  et off again a  fa t a  he could without making too much noi e, hurrying through the darkne  back toward Hogwart . He had no doubt what oever what Karkaroff wa  up to. He had  neaked off hi   hip to try and find out what the fir t ta k wa  going to be. He might even have  potted Hagrid and Madame Maxime heading off around the fore t together - they were hardly difficult to  pot at a di tance…and now all Karkaroff had to do wa  follow the  ound of voice , and he, like Madame Maxime, would know what wa  in  tore for the champion . By the look  of it, the only champion who would be facing the unknown on Tue day wa  Cedric. Harry reached the ca tle,  lipped in through the front door , and began to climb the marble  tair ; he wa  very out of breath, but he didn't dare  low down.…He had le  than five minute  to get up to the fire.… “Balderda h!” he ga ped at the Fat Lady, who wa   noozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole. “If you  ay  o,”  he muttered  leepily, without opening her eye , and the picture  wung forward to admit him. Harry climbed in ide. The common room wa  de erted, and, judging by the fact that it  melled quite normal, Hermione had not needed to  et off any Dungbomb  to en ure that he and Siriu  got privacy. Harry pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak and threw him elf into an armchair in front of the fire. The room wa  in  emidarkne ; the flame  were the only  ource of light. Nearby, on a table, the Support Cedric Diggory! badge  the Creevey  had been trying to improve were glinting in the firelight. They now read POTTER REALLY STINKS. Harry looked back into the flame , and jumped. Siriu '  head wa   itting in the fire. If Harry hadn't  een Mr. Diggory do exactly thi  back in the Wea ley ' kitchen, it would have  cared him out of hi  wit . In tead, hi  face breaking into the fir t  mile he had worn for day , he  crambled out of hi  chair, crouched down by the hearth, and  aid, “Siriu  - how're you doing?” Siriu  looked different from Harry'  memory of him. When they had  aid good-bye, Siriu '  face had been gaunt and  unken,  urrounded by a quantity of long, black, matted hair - but the hair wa   hort and clean now, Siriu '  face wa  fuller, and he looked younger, much more like the only photograph Harry had of him, which had been taken at the Potter ' wedding. “Never mind me, how are you?”  aid Siriu   eriou ly. “I'm -” For a  econd, Harry tried to  ay “fine” - but he couldn't do it. Before he could  top him elf, he wa  talking more than he'd talked in day  - about how no one believed he hadn't entered the tournament of hi  own free will, how Rita Skeeter had lied about him in the Daily Prophet, how he couldn't walk down a corridor without being  neered at - and about Ron, Ron not believing him, Ron'  jealou y… “…and now Hagrid'  ju t  hown me what'  coming in the fir t ta k, and it'  dragon , Siriu , and I'm a goner,” he fini hed de perately. Siriu  looked at him, eye  full of concern, eye  that had not yet lo t the look that Azkaban had given them - that deadened, haunted look He had let Harry talk him elf into  ilence without interruption, but now he  aid, “Dragon  we can deal with, Harry, but we'll get to that in a minute - I haven't got long here…I've broken into a wizarding hou e to u e the fire, but they could be back at any time. There are thing  I need to warn you about.” “What?”  aid Harry, feeling hi   pirit   lip a further few notche .…Surely there could be nothing wor e than dragon  coming? “Karkaroff,”  aid Siriu . “Harry, he wa  a Death Eater. You know what Death Eater  are, don't you?” “Ye  - he - what?” “He wa  caught, he wa  in Azkaban with me, but he got relea ed. I'd bet everything that'  why Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwart  thi  year - to keep an eye on him. Moody caught Karkaroff. Put him into Azkaban in the fir t place.” “Karkaroff got relea ed?” Harry  aid  lowly - hi  brain  eemed to be  truggling to ab orb yet another piece of  hocking information. “Why did they relea e him?” “He did a deal with the Mini try of Magic,”  aid Siriu  bitterly. “He  aid he'd  een the error of hi  way , and then he named name …he put a load of other people into Azkaban in hi  place.…He'  not very popular in there, I can tell you. And  ince he got out, from what I can tell, he'  been teaching the Dark Art  to every  tudent who pa e  through that  chool of hi . So watch out for the Durm trang champion a  well.” “Okay,”  aid Harry  lowly. “But…are you  aying Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? Becau e if he did, he'  a really good actor. He  eemed furiou  about it. He wanted to  top me from competing.” “We know he'  a good actor,”  aid Siriu , “becau e he convinced the Mini try of Magic to  et him free, didn't he? Now, I've been keeping an eye on the Daily Prophet, Harry -” “- you and the re t of the world,”  aid Harry bitterly. “- and reading between the line  of that Skeeter woman'  article la t month, Moody wa  attacked the night before he  tarted at Hogwart . Ye , I know  he  ay  it wa  another fal e alarm,” Siriu   aid ha tily,  eeing Harry about to  peak, “but I don't think  o,  omehow. I think  omeone tried to  top him from getting to Hogwart . I think  omeone knew their job would be a lot more difficult with him around. And no one'  going to look into it too clo ely; Mad-Eye'  heard intruder  a bit too often. But that doe n't mean he can't  till  pot the real thing. Moody wa  the be t Auror the Mini try ever had.” “So…what are you  aying?”  aid Harry  lowly. “Karkaroff'  trying to kill me? But - why?” Siriu  he itated. “I've been nearing  ome very  trange thing ,” he  aid  lowly. “The Death Eater   eem to be a bit more active than u ual lately. They  howed them elve  at the Quidditch World Cup, didn't they? Someone  et off the Dark Mark…and then - did you hear about that Mini try of Magic witch who'  gone mi ing?” “Bertha Jorkin ?”  aid Harry. “Exactly… he di appeared in Albania, and that'  definitely where Voldemort wa  rumored to be la t…and  he would have known the Triwizard Tournament wa  coming up, wouldn't  he?” “Yeah, but…it'  not very likely  he'd have walked  traight into Voldemort, i  it?”  aid Harry. “Li ten, I knew Bertha Jorkin ,”  aid Siriu  grimly. “She wa  at Hogwart  when I wa , a few year  above your dad and me. And  he wa  an idiot. Very no y, but no brain , none at all. It'  not a good combination, Harry. I'd  ay  he'd be very ea y to lure into a trap.” “So… o Voldemort could have found out about the tournament?”  aid Harry. “I  that what you mean? You think Karkaroff might be here on hi  order ?” “I don't know,”  aid Siriu   lowly, “I ju t don't know…Karkaroff doe n't  trike me a  the type who'd go back to Voldemort unle  he knew Voldemort wa  powerful enough to protect him. But whoever put your name in that goblet did it for a rea on, and I can't help thinking the tournament would be a very good way to attack you and make it hook like an accident.” “Look  hike a really good plan from where I'm  tanding,”  aid Harry grinning bleaky. “They'll ju t have to  tand back and let the dragon  do their  tuff.” “Right - the e dragon ,”  aid Siriu ,  peaking very quickly now. “There'  a way, Harry. Don't be tempted to try a Stunning Spell - dragon  are  trong and too powerfully magical to be knocked out by a  ingle Stunner, you need about half a dozen wizard  at a time to overcome a dragon -” “Yeah, I know, I ju t  aw,”  aid Harry. “But you can do it alone,”  aid Siriu . “There i  away, and a  imple  pell'  all you need. Ju t -” But Harry held up a hand to  ilence him, hi  heart  uddenly pounding a  though it would bur t. He could hear foot tep  coming down the  piral  tairca e behind him. “Go!” he hi ed at Siriu . “ Go! There'   omeone coming!” Harry  crambled to hi  feet, hiding the fire - if  omeone  aw Siriu '  face within the wall  of Hogwart , they would rai e an almighty uproar - the Mini try would get dragged in - he, Harry, would be que tioned about Siriu '  whereabout  - Harry heard a tiny pop! in the fire behind him and knew Siriu  had gone. He watched the bottom of the  piral  tairca e. Who had decided to go for a  troll at one o'clock in the morning, and  topped Siriu  from telling him how to get pa t a dragon? It wa  Ron. Dre ed in hi  maroon pai ley pajama , Ron  topped dead facing Harry acro  the room, and looked around. “Who were you talking to?” he  aid. “What'  that got to do with you?” Harry  narled. “What are you doing down here at thi  time of night?” “I ju t wondered where you -” Ron broke off,  hrugging. “Nothing. I'm going back to bed.” “Ju t thought you'd come no ing around, did you?” Harry  houted. He knew that Ron had no idea what he'd walked in on, knew he hadn't done it on purpo e, but he didn't care - at thi  moment he hated everything about Ron, right down to the  everal inche  of bare ankle  howing beneath hi  pajama trou er . “Sorry about that,”  aid Ron, hi  face reddening with anger. “Should've realized you didn't want to be di turbed. I'll let you get on with practicing for your next interview in peace.” Harry  eized one of the POTTER REALLY STINKS badge  off the table and chucked it, a  hard a  he could, acro  the room. It hit Ron on the forehead and bounced off. “There you go,” Harry  aid. “Something for you to wear on Tue day. You might even have a  car now, if yon're lucky.…That'  what you want, i n't it?” He  trode acro  the room toward the  tair ; he half expected Ron to  top him, he would even have liked Ron to throw a punch at him, but Ron ju t  tood there in hi  too- mall pajama , and Harry, having  tormed up tair , lay awake in bed fuming for a long time afterward and didn't hear him come up to bed. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY THE FIRST TASK H arry got up on Sunday morning and dre ed  o inattentively that it wa  a while before he realized he wa  trying to pull hi  hat onto hi  foot in tead of hi   ock. When he'd finally got all hi  clothe  on the right part  of hi  body, he hurried off to find Hermione, locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where  he wa  eating breakfa t with Ginny. Feeling too quea y to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had  wallowed her la t  poonful of porridge, then dragged her out onto the ground . There, he told her all about the dragon , and about everything Siriu  had  aid, while they took another long walk around the lake. Alarmed a   he wa  by Siriu '  warning  about Karkaroff, Hermione  till thought that the dragon  were the more pre ing problem. “Let'  ju t try and keep you alive until Tue day evening,”  he  aid de perately, “and then we can worry about Karkaroff.” They walked three time  around the lake, trying all the way to think of a  imple  pell that would  ubdue a dragon. Nothing what oever occurred to them,  o they retired to the library in tead. Here, Harry pulled down every book he could find on dragon , and both of them  et to work  earching through the large pile. “Talon-clipping by charm …treating  cale-rot…' Thi  i  no good, thi  i  for nutter  like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy…” “Dragon  are extremely difficult to  lay, owing to the ancient magic that imbue  their thick hide , which none but the mo t powerful  pell  can penetrate…' But Siriu   aid a  imple one would do it…” “Let'  try  ome  imple  pellbook , then,”  aid Harry, throwing a ide Men Who Love Dragon  Too Much. He returned to the table with a pile of  pellbook ,  et them down, and began to flick through each in turn, Hermione whi pering non top at hi  elbow. “Well, there are Switching Spell …but what'  the point of Switching it? Unle  you  wapped it  fang  for wine-gum  or  omething that would make it le  dangerou .…The trouble i , like that book  aid, not much i  going to get through a dragon'  hide.…I'd  ay Tran figure it, but  omething that big, you really haven't got a hope, I doubt even Profe or McGonagall…unle  you're  uppo ed to put the  pell on your elf? Maybe to give your elf extra power ? But they're not  imple  pell , I mean, we haven't done any of tho e in cla , I only know about them becau e I've been doing O.W.L. practice paper .…” “Hermione,” Harry  aid, through gritted teeth, “will you  hut up for a bit, plea e? I m trying to concentrate.” But all that happened, when Hermione fell  ilent, wa  that Harry'  brain filled with a  ort of blank buzzing, which didn't  eem to allow room for concentration. He  tared hopele ly down the index of Ba ic Hexe  for the Bu y and Vexed. In tant  calping…but dragon  had no hair…pepper breath…that would probably increa e a dragon'  firepower…horn tongue…ju t what he needed, to give it an extra weapon… “Oh no, he'  back again, why can't he read on hi   tupid  hip?”  aid Hermione irritably a  Viktor Krum  louched in, ca t a  urly look over at the pair of them, and  ettled him elf in a di tant corner with a pile of book . “Come on, Harry, we'll go back to the common room…hi  fan club'll be here in a moment, twittering away….” And  ure enough, a  they left the library, a gang of girl  tiptoed pa t them, one of them wearing a Bulgaria  carf tied around her wai t. Harry barely  lept that night. When he awoke on Monday morning, he  eriou ly con idered for the fir t time ever ju t running away from Hogwart . But a  he looked around the Great Hall at breakfa t time, and thought about what leaving the ca tle would mean, he knew he couldn't do it. It wa  the only place he had ever been happy…well, he  uppo ed he mu t have been happy with hi  parent  too, but he couldn't remember that. Somehow, the knowledge that he would rather be here and facing a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley wa  good to know; it made him feel  lightly calmer. He fini hed hi  bacon with difficulty (hi  throat wa n't working too well), and a  he and Hermione got up, he  aw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table. Cedric  till didn't know about the dragon …the only champion who didn't, if Harry wa  right in thinking that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum.… “Hermione, I'll  ee you in the greenhou e ,” Harry  aid, coming to hi  deci ion a  he watched Cedric leaving the Hall. “Go on, I'll catch you up.” “Harry, you'll be late, the bell'  about to ring -” “I'll catch you up, okay?” By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble  tairca e, Cedric wa  at the top. He wa  with a load of  ixth-year friend . Harry didn't want to talk to Cedric in front of them; they were among tho e who had been quoting Rita Skeeter'  article at him every time he went near them. He followed Cedric at a di tance and  aw that he wa  heading toward the Charm  corridor. Thi  gave Harry an idea. Pau ing at a di tance from them, he pulled out hi  wand, and took careful aim. “Diffindo!” Cedric'  bag  plit. Parchment, quill , and book   pilled out of it onto the floor. Several bottle  of ink  ma hed. “Don't bother,”  aid Cedric in an exa perated voice a  hi  friend  bent down to help him. “Tell Flitwick I'm coming, go on…” Thi  wa  exactly what Harry had been hoping for. He  lipped hi  wand back into hi  robe , waited until Cedric'  friend  had di appeared into their cla room, and hurried up the corridor, which wa  now empty of everyone but him elf and Cedric. “Hi,”  aid Cedric, picking up a copy of A Guide to Advanced Tran figuration that wa  now  plattered with ink. “My bag ju t  plit…brand-new and all…” “Cedric,”  aid Harry, “the fir t ta k i  dragon .” “What?”  aid Cedric, looking up. “Dragon ,”  aid Harry,  peaking quickly, in ca e Profe or Flitwick came out to  ee where Cedric had got to. “They've got four, one for each of u , and we've got to get pa t them.” Cedric  tared at him. Harry  aw  ome of the panic he'd been feeling  ince Saturday night flickering in Cedric'  gray eye . “Are you  ure?” Cedric  aid in a hu hed voice. “Dead  ure,”  aid Harry. “I've  een them.” “But how did you find out? We're not  uppo ed to know.…” “Never mind,”  aid Harry quickly - he knew Hagrid would be in trouble if he told the truth. “But I'm not the only one who know . Fleur and Krum will know by now - Maxime and Karkaroff both  aw the dragon  too.” Cedric  traightened up, hi  arm  full of inky quill , parchment, and book , hi  ripped bag dangling off one  houlder. He  tared at Harry, and there wa  a puzzled, almo t  u piciou  look in hi  eye . “Why are you telling me?” he a ked. Harry looked at him in di belief. He wa   ure Cedric wouldn't have a ked that if he had  een the dragon  him elf. Harry wouldn't have let hi  wor t enemy face tho e mon ter  unprepared - well, perhap  Malfoy or Snape.… “It'  ju t…fair, i n't it?” he  aid to Cedric. “We all know now…we're on an even footing, aren't we?” Cedric wa   till hooking at him in a  lightly  u piciou  way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noi e behind him. He turned around and  aw Mad-Eye Moody emerging from a nearby cla room. “Come with me, Potter,” he growled. “Diggory, off you go.” Harry  tared apprehen ively at Moody. Had he overheard them? “Er - Profe or, I'm  uppo ed to be in Herbology -” “Never mind that, Potter. In my office, plea e…” Harry followed him, wondering what wa  going to happen to him now. What if Moody wanted to know how he'd found out about the dragon ? Would Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or ju t turn Harry into a ferret? Well, it might be ea ier to get pa t a dragon if he were a ferret, Harry thought dully, he'd be  maller, much le  ea y to  ee from a height of fifty feet.… He followed Moody into hi  office. Moody clo ed the door behind them and turned to look at Harry, hi  magical eye fixed upon him a  well a  the normal one. “That wa  a very decent thing you ju t did, Potter,” Moody  aid quietly. Harry didn't know what to  ay; thi  wa n't the reaction he had expected at all. “Sit down,”  aid Moody, and Harry  at, looking around. He had vi ited thi  office under two of it  previou  occupant . In Profe or Lockhart'  day, the wall  had been pla tered with beaming, winking picture  of Profe or Lockhart him elf. When Lupin had lived here, you were more likely to come acro  a  pecimen of  ome fa cinating new Dark creature he had procured for them to  tudy in cla . Now, however, the office wa  full of a number of exceptionally odd object  that Harry  uppo ed Moody had u ed in the day  when he had been an Auror. On hi  de k  tood what looked hike a large, cracked, gla   pinning top; Harry recognized it at once a  a Sneako cope, becau e he owned one him elf, though it wa  much  maller than Moody' . In the corner on a  mall table  tood an object that looked  omething like an extra- quiggly, golden televi ion aerial. It wa  humming  lightly. What appeared to be a mirror hung oppo ite Harry on the wall, but it wa  not reflecting the room. Shadowy figure  were moving around in ide it, none of them clearly in focu . “Like my Dark Detector , do you?”  aid Moody, who wa  watching Harry clo ely. “What'  that?” Harry a ked, pointing at the  quiggly golden aerial. “Secrecy Sen or. Vibrate  when it detect  concealment and lie …no u e here, of cour e, too much interference -  tudent  in every direction lying about why they haven't done their homework. Been humming ever  ince I got here. I had to di able my Sneako cope becau e it wouldn't  top whi tling. It'  extra- en itive, pick  up  tuff about a mile around. Of cour e, it could be picking up more than kid  tuff,” he added in a growl. “And what'  the mirror for?” “Oh that'  my Foe-Gla . See them out there,  kulking around? I'm not really in trouble until I  ee the white  of their eye . That'  when I open my trunk.” He let out a  hort, har h laugh, and pointed to the large trunk under the window. It had  even keyhole  in a row. Harry wondered what wa  in there, until Moody'  next que tion brought him  harply back to earth. “So…found out about the dragon , have you?” Harry he itated. He'd been afraid of thi  - but he hadn't told Cedric, and he certainly wa n't going to tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rule . “It'  all right,”  aid Moody,  itting down and  tretching out hi  wooden leg with a groan. “Cheating'  a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and alway  ha  been.” “I didn't cheat,”  aid Harry  harply. “It wa  - a  ort of accident that I found out.” Moody grinned. “I wa n't accu ing you, laddie. I've been telling Dumbledore from the  tart, he can be a  high-minded a  he like , but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime won't be. They'll have told their champion  everything they can. They want to win. They want to beat Dumbledore. They'd like to prove he'  only human.” Moody gave another har h laugh, and hi  magical eye  wiveled around  o fa t it made Harry feel quea y to watch it. “So…got any idea  how you're going to get pa t your dragon yet?”  aid Moody. “No,”  aid Harry. “Well, I'm not going to tell you,”  aid Moody gruffly. “I don't  how favoriti m, me. I'm ju t going to give you  ome good, general advice. And the fir t bit i  - play to your  trength .” “I haven't got any,”  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf. “Excu e me,” growled Moody, “you've got  trength  if I  ay you've got them. Think now. What are you be t at?” Harry tried to concentrate. What wa  he be t at? Well, that wa  ea y, really - “Quidditch,” he  aid dully, “and a fat lot of help -” “That'  right,”  aid Moody,  taring at him very hard, hi  magical eye barely moving at all. “You're a damn good flier from what I've heard.” “Yeah, but…” Harry  tared at him. “I'm not allowed a broom, I've only got my wand…” “My  econd piece of general advice,”  aid Moody loudly, interrupting him, “i  to u e a nice,  imple  pell that will enable you to get what you need.” Harry looked at him blankly. What did he need? “Come on, boy…” whi pered Moody. “Put them together…it'  not that difficult…” And it clicked. He wa  be t at flying. He needed to pa  the dragon in the air. For that, he needed hi  Firebolt. And for hi  Fire-bolt, he needed - “Hermione,” Harry whi pered, when he had  ped into greenhou e three minute  later, uttering a hurried apology to Profe or Sprout a  he pa ed her. “Hermione - I need you to help me.” “What d'you think I've been trying to do, Harry?”  he whi pered back, her eye  round with anxiety over the top of the quivering Flutterby Bu h  he wa  pruning. “Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon.” And  o they practiced. They didn't have lunch, but headed for a free cla room, where Harry tried with all hi  might to make variou  object  fly acro  the room toward him. He wa   till having problem . The book  and quill  kept lo ing heart halfway acro  the room and dropping hike  tone  to the floor. “Concentrate, Harry, concentrate.…” “What d'you think I'm trying to do?”  aid Harry angrily. “A great big dragon keep  popping up in my head for  ome rea on…Okay, try again…” He wanted to  kip Divination to keep practicing, but Hermione refu ed point-blank to  kive off Arithmancy, and there wa  no point in  taying without her. He therefore had to endure over an hour of Profe or Trelawney, who  pent half the le on telling everyone that the po ition of Mar  with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of  udden, violent death . “Well, that'  good,”  aid Harry loudly, hi  temper getting the better of him, “ju t a  long a  it'  not drawn-out. I don't want to  uffer.” Ron looked for a moment a  though he wa  going to laugh; he certainly caught Harry'  eye for the fir t time in day , but Harry wa   till feeling too re entful toward Ron to care. He  pent the re t of the le on trying to attract  mall object  toward him under the table with hi  wand. He managed to make a fly zoom  traight into hi  hand, though he wa n't entirely  ure that wa  hi  prowe  at Summoning Charm  - perhap  the fly wa  ju t  tupid. He forced down  ome dinner after Divination, then returned to the empty cla room with Hermione, u ing the Invi ibility Cloak to avoid the teacher . They kept practicing until pa t midnight. They would have  tayed longer, but Peeve  turned up and, pretending to think that Harry wanted thing  thrown at him,  tarted chucking chair  acro  the room. Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noi e attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor common room, which wa  now mercifully empty. At two o'clock in the morning, Harry  tood near the fireplace,  urrounded by heap  of object : book , quill ,  everal upturned chair , an old  et of Gob tone , and Neville'  toad, Trevor. Only in the la t hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning Charm. “That'  better, Harry, that'  load  better,” Hermione  aid, looking exhau ted but very plea ed. “Well, now we know what to do next time I can't manage a  pell,” Harry  aid, throwing a rune dictionary back to Hermione,  o he could try again, “threaten me with a dragon. Right…” He rai ed hi  wand once more. “Accio Dictionary!” The heavy book  oared out of Hermione'  hand, flew acro  the room, and Harry caught it. “Harry, I really think you've got it!”  aid Hermione delightedly. “Ju t a  long a  it work  tomorrow,” Harry  aid. “The Firebolt'  going to be much farther away than the  tuff in here, it'  going to be in the ca tle, and I'm going to be out there on the ground …” “That doe n't matter,”  aid Hermione firmly.“ Ju t a  long a  you're concentrating really, really hard on it, it'll come. Harry, we'd better get  ome  leep…you're going to need it.” Harry had been focu ing  o hard on learning the Summoning Charm that evening that  ome of hi  blind panic had heft him. It returned in full mea ure, however, on the following morning. The atmo phere in the  chool wa  one of great ten ion and excitement. Le on  were to  top at midday, giving all the  tudent  time to get down to the dragon ' enclo ure - though of cour e, they didn't yet know what they would find there. Harry felt oddly  eparate from everyone around him, whether they were wi hing him good luck or hi ing “We'll have a box of ti ue  ready, Potter” a  he pa ed. It wa  a  tate of nervou ne   o advanced that he wondered whether he mightn't ju t lo e hi  head when they tried to lead him out to hi  dragon, and  tart trying to cur e everyone in  ight. Time wa  behaving in a more peculiar fa hion than ever, ru hing pa t in great dollop ,  o that one moment he  eemed to be  itting down in hi  fir t le on, Hi tory of Magic, and the next, walking into lunch…and then (where had the morning gone? the la t of the dragon-free hour ?), Profe or McGonagall wa  hurrying over to him in the Great Hall. Lot  of people were watching. “Potter, the champion  have to come down onto the ground  now.…You have to get ready for your fir t ta k.” “Okay,”  aid Harry,  tanding up, hi  fork falling onto hi  plate with a clatter. “Good luck, Harry,” Hermione whi pered. “You'll be fine!” “Yeah,”  aid Harry in a voice that wa  mo t unlike hi  own. He heft the Great Hall with Profe or McGonagall. She didn't  eem her elf either; in fact,  he looked nearly a  anxiou  a  Hermione. A   he walked him down the  tone  tep  and out into the cold November afternoon,  he put her hand on hi   houlder. “Now, don't panic,”  he  aid, “ju t keep a cool head.…We've got wizard   tanding by to control the  ituation if it get  out of hand.…The main thing i  ju t to do your be t, and nobody will think any the wor e of you.…Are you all right?” “Ye ,” Harry heard him elf  ay. “Ye , I'm fine.” She wa  leading him toward the place where the dragon  were, around the edge of the fore t, but when they approached the clump of tree  behind which the enclo ure would be clearly vi ible, Harry  aw that a tent had been erected, it  entrance facing them,  creening the dragon  from view. “You're to go in here with the other champion ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, in a rather  haky  ort of voice, “and wait for your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman i  in there…he'll be telling you the - the procedure.… Good luck.” “Thank ,”  aid Harry, in a flat, di tant voice. She left him at the entrance of the tent. Harry went in ide. Fleur Delacour wa   itting in a corner on a how wooden  tool. She didn't look nearly a  compo ed a  u ual, but rather pale and clammy. Viktor Krum looked even  urlier than u ual, which Harry  uppo ed wa  hi  way of  howing nerve . Cedric wa  pacing up and down. When Harry entered, Cedric gave him a  mall  mile, which Harry returned, feeling the mu cle  in hi  face working rather hard, a  though they had forgotten how to do it. “Harry! Good-o!”  aid Bagman happily, looking around at him. “Come in, come in, make your elf at home!” Bagman looked  omehow like a  lightly overblown cartoon figure,  tanding amid all the pale-faced champion . He wa  wearing hi  old Wa p robe  again. “Well, now we're all here - time to fill you in!”  aid Bagman brightly. “When the audience ha  a embled, I'm going to be offering each of you thi  bag” - he held up a  mall  ack of purple  ilk and  hook it at them - “from which you will each  elect a  mall model of the thing you are about to face! There are different - er - varietie , you  ee. And I have to tell you  omething el e too…ah, ye …your ta k i  to collect the golden egg!” Harry glanced around. Cedric had nodded once, to  how that he under tood Bagman'  word , and then  tarted pacing around the tent again; he looked  lightly green. Fleur Delacour and Krum hadn't reacted at all. Perhap  they thought they might be  ick if they opened their mouth ; that wa  certainly how Harry felt. But they, at lea t, had volunteered for thi … And in no time at all, hundred  upon hundred  of pair  of feet could be heard pa ing the tent, their owner  talking excitedly, laughing, joking.…Harry felt a   eparate from the crowd a  though they were a different  pecie . And then - it  eemed like about a  econd later to Harry - Bagman wa  opening the neck of the purple  ilk  ack. “Ladie  fir t,” he  aid, offering it to Fleur Delacour. She put a  haking hand in ide the bag and drew out a tiny, perfect model of a dragon - a Wel h Green. It had the number two around it  neck And Harry knew, by the fact that Fleur  howed no  ign of  urpri e, but rather a determined re ignation, that he had been right: Madame Maxime had told her what wa  coming. The  ame held true for Krum. He pulled out the  carlet Chine e Fireball. It had a number three around it  neck. He didn't even blink, ju t  at back down and  tared at the ground. Cedric put hi  hand into the bag, and out came the bluei h-gray Swedi h Short-Snout, the number one tied around it  neck. Knowing what wa  left, Harry put hi  hand into the  ilk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. It  tretched it  wing  a  he looked down at it, and bared it  minu cule fang . “Well, there you are!”  aid Bagman. “You have each pulled out the dragon you will face, and the number  refer to the order in which you are to take on the dragon , do you  ee? Now, I'm going to have to leave you in a moment, becau e I'm commentating. Mr. Diggory, you're fir t, ju t go out into the enclo ure when you hear a whi tle, all right? Now…Harry…could I have a quick word? Out ide?” “Er…ye ,”  aid Harry blankly, and he got up and went out of the tent with Bagman, who walked him a  hort di tance away, into the tree , and then turned to him with a fatherly expre ion on hi  face. “Feeling all right, Harry? Anything I can get you?” “What?”  aid Harry. “I - no, nothing.” “Got a plan?”  aid Bagman, lowering hi  voice con piratorially. “Becau e I don't mind  haring a few pointer , if you'd like them, you know. I mean,” Bagman continued, lowering hi  voice  till further, “you're the underdog here, Harry.…Anything I can do to help…” “No,”  aid Harry  o quickly he knew he had  ounded rude, “no - I - I know what I'm going to do, thank .” “Nobody would know, Harry,”  aid Bagman, winking at him. “No, I'm fine,”  aid Harry, wondering why he kept telling people thi , and wondering whether he had ever been le  fine. “I've got a plan worked out, I -” A whi tle had blown  omewhere. “Good lord, I've got to run!”  aid Bagman in alarm, and he hurried off. Harry walked back to the tent and  aw Cedric emerging from it, greener than ever. Harry tried to wi h him luck a  he walked pa t, but all that came out of hi  mouth wa  a  ort of hoar e grunt. Harry went back in ide to Fleur and Krum. Second  hater, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant Cedric had entered the enclo ure and wa  now face-to-face with the living counterpart of hi  model.… It wa  wor e than Harry could ever have imagined,  itting there and li tening. The crowd  creamed…yelled…ga ped like a  ingle many-headed entity, a  Cedric did whatever he wa  doing to get pa t the Swedi h Short-Snout. Krum wa   till  taring at the ground. Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedric'   tep , around and around the tent. And Bagman'  commentary made everything much, much wor e.…Horrible picture  formed in Harry'  mind a  he heard: “Oooh, narrow mi  there, very narrow”… “He'  taking ri k , thi  one!”…“Clever move - pity it didn't work!” And then, after about fifteen minute , Harry heard the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: Cedric had gotten pa t hi  dragon and captured the golden egg. “Very good indeed!” Bagman wa   houting. “And now the mark  from the judge !” But he didn't  hout out the mark ; Harry  uppo ed the judge  were holding them up and  howing them to the crowd. “One down, three to go!” Bagman yelled a  the whi tle blew again. “Mi  Delacour, if you plea e!” Fleur wa  trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more warmly toward her than he had done  o far a   he heft the tent with her head held high and her hand clutching her wand. He and Krum were left alone, at oppo ite  ide  of the tent, avoiding each other'  gaze. The  ame proce   tarted again.…“Oh I'm not  ure that wa  wi e!” they could hear Bagman  houting gleefully. “Oh…nearly! Careful now…good lord, I thought  he'd had it then!” Ten minute  later, Harry heard the crowd erupt into applau e once more.…Fleur mu t have been  ucce ful too. A pau e, while Fleur'  mark  were being  hown…more clapping…then, for the third time, the whi tle. “And here come  Mr. Krum!” cried Bagman, and Krum  louched out, leaving Harry quite alone. He felt much more aware of hi  body than u ual; very aware of the way hi  heart wa  pumping fa t, and hi  finger  tingling with fear…yet at the  ame time, he  eemed to be out ide him elf,  eeing the wall  of the tent, and hearing the crowd, a  though from far away. “Very daring!” Bagman wa  yelling, and Harry heard the Chine e Fireball emit a horrible, roaring  hriek, while the crowd drew it  collective breath. “That'   ome nerve he'   howing - and - ye , he'  got the egg!” Applau e  hattered the wintery air like breaking gla ; Krum had fini hed - it would be Harry'  turn any moment. He  tood up, noticing dimly that hi  leg   eemed to be made of mar hmallow. He waited. And then he heard the whi tle blow. He walked out through the entrance of the tent, the panic ri ing into a cre cendo in ide him. And now he wa  walking pa t the tree , through a gap in the enclo ure fence. He  aw everything in front of him a  though it wa  a very highly colored dream. There were hundred  and hundred  of face   taring down at him from  tand  that had been magicked there  ince he'd la t  tood on thi   pot. And there wa  the Horntail, at the other end of the enclo ure, crouched low over her clutch of egg , her wing  half-furled, her evil, yellow eye  upon him, a mon trou ,  caly, black lizard, thra hing her  piked tail, heaving yard-long gouge mark  in the hard ground. The crowd wa  making a great deal of noi e, but whether friendly or not, Harry didn't know or care. It wa  time to do what he had to do…to focu  hi  mind, entirely and ab olutely, upon the thing that wa  hi  only chance. He rai ed hi  wand. “Accio Firebolt!” he  houted. Harry waited, every fiber of him hoping, praying.…If it hadn't worked…if it wa n't coming…He  eemed to be looking at everything around him through  ome  ort of  himmering, tran parent barrier, like a heat haze, which made the enclo ure and the hundred  of face  around him  wim  trangely.… And then he heard it,  peeding through the air behind him; he turned and  aw hi  Firebolt hurtling toward him around the edge of the wood ,  oaring into the enclo ure, and  topping dead in midair be ide him, waiting for him to mount. The crowd wa  making even more noi e.…Bagman wa   houting  omething…but Harry'  ear  were not working properly anymore…li tening wa n't important.… He  wung hi  leg over the broom and kicked off from the ground. And a  econd later,  omething miraculou  happened.… A  he  oared upward, a  the wind ru hed through hi  hair, a  the crowd'  face  became mere fle h-colored pinpnick  below, and the Horntail  hrank to the  ize of a dog, he realized that he had left not only the ground behind, but al o hi  fear.…He wa  back where he belonged.… Thi  wa  ju t another Quidditch match, that wa  all…ju t another Quidditch match, and that Horntail wa  ju t another ugly oppo ing team.… He looked down at the clutch of egg  and  potted the gold one, gleaming again t it  cement-colored fellow , re iding  afely between the dragon'  front leg . “Okay,” Harry told him elf, “diver ionary tactic …let'  go…” He dived. The Horntail'  head followed him; he knew what it wa  going to do and pulled out of the dive ju t in time; a jet of fire had been relea ed exactly where he would have been had he not  werved away…but Harry didn't care…that wa  no more than dodging a Bludger.… “Great Scott, he can fly!” yelled Bagman a  the crowd  hrieked and ga ped. “Are you watching thi , Mr. Krum?” Harry  oared higher in a circle; the Horntail wa   till following hi  progre ; it  head revolving on it  long neck - if he kept thi  up, it would be nicely dizzy - but better not pu h it too long, or it would be breathing fire again - Harry plummeted ju t a  the Horntail opened it  mouth, but thi  time he wa  le  lucky - he mi ed the flame , but the tail came whipping up to meet him in tead, and a  he  werved to the left, one of the long  pike  grazed hi   houlder, ripping hi  robe  - He could feel it  tinging, he could hear  creaming and groan  from the crowd, but the cut didn't  eem to be deep.…Now he zoomed around the back of the Horntail, and a po ibility occurred to him.… The Horntail didn't  eem to want to take off,  he wa  too protective of her egg . Though  he writhed and twi ted, furling and unfurling her wing  and keeping tho e fear ome yellow eye  on Harry,  he wa  afraid to move too far from them…but he had to per uade her to do it, or he'd never get near them.…The trick wa  to do it carefully, gradually.… He began to fly, fir t thi  way, then the other, not near enough to make her breathe fire to  tave him off, but  till po ing a  ufficient threat to en ure  he kept her eye  on him. Her head  wayed thi  way and that, watching him out of tho e vertical pupil , her fang  bared.… He flew higher. The Horntail'  head ro e with him, her neck now  tretched to it  fulle t extent,  till  waying, hike a  nake before it  charmer.… Harry ro e a few more feet, and  he let out a roar of exa peration. He wa  like a fly to her, a fly  he wa  longing to  wat; her tail thra hed again, but he wa  too high to reach now.…She  hot fire into the air, which he dodged.…Her jaw  opened wide.… “Come on,” Harry hi ed,  werving tantalizingly above her, “come on, come and get me…up you get now…” And then  he reared,  preading her great, black, leathery wing  at la t, a  wide a  tho e of a  mall airplane - and Harry dived. Before the dragon knew what he had done, or where he had di appeared to, he wa   peeding toward the ground a  fa t a  he could go, toward the egg  now unprotected by her clawed front leg  - he had taken hi  hand  off hi  Firebolt - he had  eized the golden egg - And with a huge  purt of  peed, he wa  off, he wa   oaring out over the  tand , the heavy egg  afely under hi  uninjured arm, and it wa  a  though  omebody had ju t turned the volume back up - for the fir t time, he became properly aware of the noi e of the crowd, which wa   creaming and applauding a  loudly a  the Iri h  upporter  at the World Cup - “Look at that!” Bagman wa  yelling. “Will you look at that! Our younge t champion i  quicke t to get hi  egg! Well, thi  i  going to  horten the odd  on Mr. Potter!” Harry  aw the dragon keeper  ru hing forward to  ubdue the Horntail, and, over at the entrance to the enclo ure, Profe or McGonagall, Profe or Moody, and Hagrid hurrying to meet him, all of them waving him toward them, their  mile  evident even from thi  di tance. He flew back over the  tand , the noi e of the crowd pounding hi  eardrum , and came in  moothly to land, hi  heart lighter than it had been in week .…He had got through the fir t ta k, he had  urvived.… “That wa  excellent, Potter!” cried Profe or McGonagall a  he got off the Firebolt - which from her wa  extravagant prai e. He noticed that her hand  hook a   he pointed at hi   houlder. “You'll need to  ee Madam Pomfrey before the judge  give out your  core.…Over there,  he'  had to mop up Diggory already.…” “Yeh did it, Harry!”  aid Hagrid hoar ely. “Yeh did it! An' again ' the Horntail an' all, an' yeh know Charlie  aid that wa  the wor ' -” “Thank , Hagrid,”  aid Harry loudly,  o that Hagrid wouldn't blunder on and reveal that he had  hown Harry the dragon  beforehand. Profe or Moody looked very plea ed too; hi  magical eye wa  dancing in it   ocket. “Nice and ea y doe  the trick, Potter,” he growled. “Right then, Potter, the fir t aid tent, plea e…”  aid Profe or McGonagall. Harry walked out of the enclo ure,  till panting, and  aw Madam Pomfrey  tanding at the mouth of a  econd tent, looking worried. “Dragon !”  he  aid, in a di gu ted tone, pulling Harry in ide. The tent wa  divided into cubicle ; he could make out Cedric'   hadow through the canva , but Cedric didn't  eem to be badly injured; he wa   itting up, at lea t. Madam Pomfrey examined Harry'   houlder, talking furiou ly all the while. “La t year dementor , thi  year dragon , what are they going to bring into thi   chool next? You're very lucky…thi  i  quite  hallow…it'll need cleaning before I heal it up, though….” She cleaned the cut with a dab of  ome purple liquid that  moked and  tung, but then poked hi   houlder with her wand, and he felt it heal in tantly. “Now, ju t  it quietly for a minute -  it! And then you can go and get your  core.” She bu tled out of the tent and he heard her go next door and  ay, “How doe  it feel now, Diggory?” Harry didn't want to  it  till. He wa  too full of adrenaline. He got to hi  feet, wanting to  ee what wa  going on out ide, but before he'd reached the mouth of the tent, two people had come darting in ide - Hermione, followed clo ely by Ron. “Harry, you were brilliant!” Hermione  aid  queakily. There were fingernail mark  on her face where  he had been clutching it in fear. “You were amazing! You really were!” But Harry wa  looking at Ron, who wa  very white and  taring at Harry a  though he were a gho t. “Harry,” he  aid, very  eriou ly, “whoever put your name in that goblet - I - I reckon they're trying to do you in!” It wa  a  though the la t few week  had never happened - a  though Harry were meeting Ron for the fir t time, right after he'd been made champion. “Caught on, have you?”  aid Harry coldly. “Took you long enough.” Hermione  tood nervou ly between them, looking from one to the other. Ron opened hi  mouth uncertainly. Harry knew Ron wa  about to apologize and  uddenly he found he didn't need to hear it. “It'  okay,” he  aid, before Ron could get the word  out. “Forget it.” “No,”  aid Ron, “I  houldn't've -” “Forget it, ”Harry  aid. Ron grinned nervou ly at him, and Harry grinned back. Hermione bur t into tear . “There'  nothing to cry about!” Harry told her, bewildered. “You two are  o  tupid!”  he  houted,  tamping her foot on the ground, tear   pla hing down her front. Then, before either of them could  top her,  he had given both of them a hug and da hed away, now po itively howling. “Barking mad,”  aid Ron,  haking hi  head. “Harry, c'mon, they'll be putting up your  core .…” Picking up the golden egg and hi  Firebolt, feeling more elated than he would have believed po ible an hour ago, Harry ducked out of the tent, Ron by hi   ide, talking fa t. “You were the be t, you know, no competition. Cedric did thi  weird thing where he Tran figured a rock on the ground…turned it into a dog…he wa  trying to make the dragon go for the dog in tead of him. Well, it wa  a pretty cool bit of Tran figuration, and it  ort of worked, becau e he did get the egg, but he got burned a  well - the dragon changed it  mind halfway through and decided it would rather have him than the Labrador; he only ju t got away. And that Fleur girl tried thi   ort of charm, I think  he wa  trying to put it into a trance - well, that kind of worked too, it went all  leepy, but then it  nored, and thi  great jet of flame  hot out, and her  kirt caught fire -  he put it out with a bit of water out of her wand. And Krum - you won't believe thi , but he didn't even think of flying! He wa  probably the be t after you, though. Hit it with  ome  ort of  pell right in the eye. Only thing i , it went trampling around in agony and  qua hed half the real egg  - they took mark  off for that, he wa n't  uppo ed to do any damage to them.” Ron drew breath a  he and Harry reached the edge of the enclo ure. Now that the Horntail had been taken away, Harry could  ee where the five judge  were  itting - right at the other end, in rai ed  eat  draped in gold. “It'  mark  out of ten from each one,” Ron  aid, and Harry  quinting up the field,  aw the fir t judge - Madame Maxime - rai e her wand in the air. What hooked like a long  ilver ribbon  hot out of it, which twi ted it elf into a large figure eight. “Not bad!”  aid Ron a  the crowd applauded. “I  uppo e  he took mark  off for your  houlder…” Mr. Crouch came next. He  hot a number nine into the air. “Looking good!” Ron yelled, thumping Harry on the back. Next, Dumbledore. He too put up a nine. The crowd wa  cheering harder than ever. Ludo Bagman - ten. “Ten?”  aid Harry in di belief. “But…I got hurt.…What'  he playing at?” “Harry, don't complain!” Ron yelled excitedly. And now Karkaroff rai ed hi  wand. He pau ed for a moment, and then a number  hot out of hi  wand too - four. “What?” Ron bellowed furiou ly. “Four? You lou y, bia ed  cum-bag, you gave Krum ten!” But Harry didn't care, he wouldn't have cared if Karkaroff had given him zero; Ron'  indignation on hi  behalf wa  worth about a hundred point  to him. He didn't tell Ron thi , of cour e, but hi  heart felt lighter than air a  he turned to leave the enclo ure. And it wa n't ju t Ron…tho e weren't only Gryffindor  cheering in the crowd. When it had come to it, when they had  een what he wa  facing, mo t of the  chool had been on hi   ide a  well a  Cedric' .…He didn't care about the Slytherin , he could  tand whatever they threw at him now. “You're tied in fir t place, Harry! You and Krum!”  aid Charlie Wea ley, hurrying to meet them a  they  et off back toward the  chool. “Li ten, I've got to run, I've got to go and  end Mum an owl, I  wore I'd tell her what happened - but that wa  unbelievable! Oh yeah - and they told me to tell you you've got to hang around for a few more minute .…Bagman want  a word, back in the champion ' tent.” Ron  aid he would wait,  o Harry reentered the tent, which  omehow looked quite different now: friendly and welcoming. He thought back to how he'd felt while dodging the Horntail, and compared it to the long wait before he'd walked out to face it.…There wa  no compari on; the wait had been immea urably wor e. Fleur, Cedric, and Krum all came in together. One  ide of Cedric'  face wa  covered in a thick orange pa te, which wa  pre umably mending hi  burn. He grinned at Harry when he  aw him. “Good one, Harry.” “And you,”  aid Harry, grinning back. “Well done, all of you!”  aid Ludo Bagman, bouncing into the tent and looking a  plea ed a  though he per onally had ju t got pa t a dragon. “Now, ju t a quick few word . You've got a nice long break before the  econd ta k, which will take place at half pa t nine on the morning of February the twenty-fourth - but we're giving you  omething to think about in the meantime! If you look down at tho e golden egg  you're all holding, you will  ee that they open… ee the hinge  there? You need to  olve the clue in ide the egg - becau e it will tell you what the  econd ta k i , and enable you to prepare for it! All clear? Sure? Well, off you go, then!” Harry left the tent, rejoined Ron, and they  tarted to walk back around the edge of the fore t, talking hard; Harry wanted to hear what the other champion  had done in more detail. Then, a  they rounded the clump of tree  behind which Harry had fir t heard the dragon  roar, a witch leapt out from behind them. It wa  Rita Skeeter. She wa  wearing acid-green robe  today; the Quick-Quote  Quill in her hand blended perfectly again t them. “Congratulation , Harry!”  he  aid, beaming at him. “I wonder if you could give me a quick word? How you felt facing that dragon? How you feel now, about the fairne  of the  coring?” “Yeah, you can have a word,”  aid Harry  avagely. “Good-bye.” And he  et off back to the ca tle with Ron. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE THE HOUSE-ELF LIBERATION FRONT H arry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon,  o that Harry could  end Siriu  a letter telling him that he had managed to get pa t hi  dragon un cathed. On the way, Harry filled Ron in on everything Siriu  had told him about Karkaroff. Though  hocked at fir t to hear that Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they entered the Owlery Ron wa   aying that they ought to have  u pected it all along. “Fit , doe n't it?” he  aid. “Remember what Malfoy  aid on the train, about hi  dad being friend  with Karkaroff? Now we know where they knew each other. They were probably running around in ma k  together at the World Cup.…I'll tell you one thing, though, Harry, if it wa  Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet, he'  going to be feeling really  tupid now, i n't he? Didn't work, did it? You only got a  cratch! Come here - I'll do it -” Pigwidgeon wa   o overexcited at the idea of a delivery he wa  flying around and around Harry'  head, hooting ince antly. Ron  natched Pigwidgeon out of the air and held him  till while Harry attached the letter to hi  leg. There'  no way any of the other ta k  are going to be that dangerou , how could they be?“ Ron went on a  he carried Pigwidgeon to the window. ”You know what? I reckon you could win thi  tournament, Harry, I'm  eriou ." Harry knew that Ron wa  only  aying thi  to make up for hi  behavior of the la t few week , but he appreciated it all the  ame. Hermione, however, leaned again t the Owlery wall, folded her arm , and frowned at Ron. “Harry'  got a long way to go before he fini he  thi  tournament,”  he  aid  eriou ly. “If that wa  the fir t ta k, I hate to think what'  coming next.” “Right little ray of  un hine, aren't you?”  aid Ron. “You and Profe or Trelawney  hould get together  ometime.” He threw Pigwidgeon out of the window. Pigwidgeon plummeted twelve feet before managing to pull him elf back up again; the letter attached to hi  leg wa  much longer and heavier than u ual - Harry hadn't been able to re i t giving Siriu  a blow-by-blow account of exactly how he had  werved, circled, and dodged the Horntail. They watched Pigwidgeon di appear into the darkne , and then Ron  aid, “Well, we'd better get down tair  for your  urpri e party, Harry - Fred and George  hould have nicked enough food from the kitchen  by now.” Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor common room it exploded with cheer  and yell  again. There were mountain  of cake  and flagon  of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every  urface; Lee Jordan had let off  ome Filibu ter'  Firework ,  o that the air wa  thick with  tar  and  park ; and Dean Thoma , who wa  very good at drawing, had put up  ome impre ive new banner , mo t of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail'  head on hi  Firebolt, though a couple  howed Cedric with hi  head on fire. Harry helped him elf to food; he had almo t forgotten what it wa  like to feel properly hungry, and  at down with Ron and Hermione. He couldn't believe how happy he felt; he had Ron back on hi   ide, he'd gotten through the fir t ta k, and he wouldn't have to face the  econd one for three month . “Blimey, thi  i  heavy,”  aid Lee Jordan, picking up the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and weighing it in hi  hand . “Open it, Harry, go on! Let'  ju t  ee what'  in ide it!” “He'   uppo ed to work out the clue on hi  own,” Hermione  aid  wiftly. “It'  in the tournament rule .…” “I wa   uppo ed to work out how to get pa t the dragon on my own too,” Harry muttered,  o only Hermione could hear him, and  he grinned rather guiltily. “Yeah, go on, Harry, open it!”  everal people echoed. Lee pa ed Harry the egg, and Harry dug hi  fingernail  into the groove that ran all the way around it and pri ed it open. It wa  hollow and completely empty - but the moment Harry opened it, the mo t horrible noi e, a loud and  creechy wailing, filled the room. The neare t thing to it Harry had ever heard wa  the gho t orche tra at Nearly Headle  Nick'  deathday party, who had all been playing the mu ical  aw. “Shut it!” Fred bellowed, hi  hand  over hi  ear . “What wa  that?”  aid Seamu  Finnigan,  taring at the egg a  Harry  lammed it  hut again. “Sounded like a ban hee…Maybe you've got to get pa t one of tho e next, Harry!” “It wa   omeone being tortured!”  aid Neville, who had gone very white and  pilled  au age roll  all over the floor. “You're going to have to fight the Cruciatu  Cur e!” “Don't be a prat, Neville, that'  illegal,”  aid George. “They wouldn't u e the Cruciatu  Cur e on the champion . I thought it  ounded a bit like Percy  inging…maybe you've got to attack him while he'  in the  hower. Harry.” “Want a jam tart, Hermione?”  aid Fred. Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he wa  offering her. Fred grinned. “It'  all right,” he  aid. “I haven't done anything to them. It'  the cu tard cream  you've got to watch -” Neville, who had ju t bitten into a cu tard cream, choked and  pat it out. Fred laughed. “Ju t my little joke, Neville.…” Hermione took a jam tart. Then  he  aid, “Did you get all thi  from the kitchen , Fred?” “Yep,”  aid Fred, grinning at her. He put on a high-pitched  queak and imitated a hou e-elf. “'anything we can get you,  ir, anything at all!' They're dead helpful…get me a roa t ox if I  aid I wa  pecki h.” “How do you get in there?” Hermione  aid in an innocently ca ual  ort of voice. “Ea y,”  aid Fred, “concealed door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. Ju t tickle the pear, and it giggle  and -” He  topped and looked  u piciou ly at her. “Why?” “Nothing,”  aid Hermione quickly. “Going to try and lead the hou e-elve  out on  trike now, are you?”  aid George. “Going to give up all the leaflet  tuff and try and  tir them up into rebellion?” Several people chortled. Hermione didn't an wer. “Don't you go up etting them and telling them they've got to take clothe  and  alarie !”  aid Fred warningly. “You'll put them off their cooking!” Ju t then, Neville cau ed a  light diver ion by turning into a large canary. “Oh -  orry, Neville!” Fred  houted over all the laughter. “I forgot - it wa  the cu tard cream  we hexed -” Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once hi  feather  had fallen off, he reappeared looking entirely normal. He even joined in laughing. “Canary Cream !” Fred  houted to the excitable crowd. “George and I invented them -  even Sickle  each, a bargain!” It wa  nearly one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamu , and Dean. Before he pulled the curtain  of hi  four-po ter  hut. Harry  et hi  tiny model of the Hungarian Horntail on the table next to hi  bed, where it yawned, curled up, and clo ed it  eye . Really, Harry thought, a  he pulled the hanging  on hi  four-po ter clo ed, Hagrid had a point…they were all right, really, dragon .… The  tart of December brought wind and  leet to Hogwart . Drafty though the ca tle alway  wa  in winter. Harry wa  glad of it  fire  and thick wall  every time he pa ed the Durm trang  hip on the lake, which wa  pitching in the high wind , it  black  ail  billowing again t the dark  kie . He thought the Beauxbaton  caravan wa  likely to be pretty chilly too. Hagrid, he noticed, wa  keeping Madame Maxime'  hor e  well provided with their preferred drink of  ingle-malt whi key; the fume  wafting from the trough in the comer of their paddock wa  enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creature  cla  light-headed. Thi  wa  unhelpful, a  they were  till tending the horrible  krewt  and needed their wit  about them. “I'm not  ure whether they hibernate or not,” Hagrid told the  hivering cla  in the windy pumpkin patch next le on. “Thought we'd ju ' try an  ee if they fancied a kip…we'll ju '  ettle 'em down in the e boxe .…” There were now only ten  krewt  left; apparently their de ire to kill one another had not been exerci ed out of them. Each of them wa  now approaching  ix feet in length. Their thick gray armor; their powerful,  cuttling leg ; their fire-bla ting end ; their  ting  and their  ucker , combined to make the  krewt  the mo t repul ive thing  Harry had ever  een. The cla  looked di piritedly at the enormou  boxe  Hagrid had brought out, all lined with pillow  and fluffy blanket . “We'll ju ' lead 'em in here,” Hagrid  aid, “an' put the lid  on, and we'll  ee what happen .” But the  krewt , it tran pired, did not hibernate, and did not appreciate being forced into pillow-lined boxe  and nailed in. Hagrid wa   oon yelling, “Don panic, now, don' panic!” while the  krewt  rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now  trewn with the  moldering wreckage of the boxe . Mo t of the cla  - Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead - had fled into Hagrid'  cabin through the back door and barricaded them elve  in; Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were among tho e who remained out ide trying to help Hagrid. Together they managed to re train and tie up nine of the  krewt , though at the co t of numerou  burn  and cut ; finally, only one  krewt wa  left. “Don' frighten him, now!” Hagrid  houted a  Ron and Harry u ed their wand  to  hoot jet  of fiery  park  at the  krewt, which wa  advancing menacingly on them, it   ting arched, quivering, over it  back. “Ju ' try an  lip the rope 'round hi   ting,  o he won hurt any o' the other !” “Yeah, we wouldn't want that!” Ron  houted angrily a  he and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid'  cabin,  till holding the  krewt off with their  park . “Well, well, well…thi  doe  look like fun.” Rita Skeeter wa  leaning on Hagrid'  garden fence, looking in at the mayhem. She wa  wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and her crocodile- kin handbag wa  over her arm. Hagrid launched him elf forward on top of the  krewt that wa  cornering Harry and Ron and flattened it; a bla t of fire  hot out of it  end, withering the pumpkin plant  nearby. “Who're you?” Hagrid a ked Rita Skeeter a  he  lipped a loop of rope around the  krewt'   ting and tightened it. “Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter,” Rita replied, beaming at him. Her gold teeth glinted. “Thought Dumbledore  aid you weren' allowed in ide the  chool anymore,”  aid Hagrid, frowning  lightly a  he got off the  lightly  qua hed  krewt and  tarted tugging it over to it  fellow . Rita acted a  though  he hadn't heard what Hagrid had  aid. “What are the e fa cinating creature  called?”  he a ked, beaming  till more widely. “Bla t-Ended Skrewt ,” grunted Hagrid. “Really?”  aid Rita, apparently full of lively intere t. “I've never heard of them before…where do they come from?” Harry noticed a dull red flu h ri ing up out of Hagrid'  wild black beard, and hi  heart  ank. Where had Hagrid got the  krewt  from? Hermione, who  eemed to be thinking along the e line ,  aid quickly, “They're very intere ting, aren't they? Aren't they. Harry?” “What? Oh yeah…ouch…intere ting,”  aid Harry a   he  tepped on hi  foot. “Ah, you're here. Harry!”  aid Rita Skeeter a   he looked around. “So you like Care of Magical Creature , do you? One of your favorite le on ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry  toutly. Hagrid beamed at him. “Lovely,”  aid Rita. “Really lovely. Been teaching long?”  he added to Hagrid. Harry noticed her eye  travel over Dean (who had a na ty cut acro  one cheek). Lavender (who e robe  were badly  inged), Seamu  (who wa  nur ing  everal burnt finger ), and then to the cabin window , where mo t of the cla   tood, their no e  pre ed again t the gla  waiting to  ee if the coa t wa  clear. “Thi  i  o'ny me  econd year,”  aid Hagrid. “Lovely…I don't  uppo e you'd like to give an interview, would you? Share  ome of your experience of magical creature ? The Prophet doe  a zoological column every Wedne day, a  I'm  ure you know. We could feature the e - er - Bang-Ended Scoot .” “Bla t-Ended Skrewt ,” Hagrid  aid eagerly. “Er - yeah, why not?” Harry had a very bad feeling about thi , but there wa  no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter  eeing,  o he had to  tand and watch in  ilence a  Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangement  to meet in the Three Broom tick  for a good long interview later that week. Then the bell rang up at the ca tle,  ignaling the end of the le on. “Well, good-bye, Harry!” Rita Skeeter called merrily to him a  he  et off with Ron and Hermione. “Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!” “She'll twi t everything he  ay ,” Harry  aid under hi  breath. “Ju t a  long a  he didn't import tho e  krewt  illegally or anything,”  aid Hermione de perately. They looked at one another - it wa  exactly the  ort of thing Hagrid might do. “Hagrid'  been in load  of trouble before, and Dumbledore  never  acked him,”  aid Ron con olingly. “Wor t that can happen i  Hagrid'll have to get rid of the  krewt . Sorry…did I  ay wor t? I meant be t.” Harry and Hermione laughed, and, feeling  lightly more cheerful, went off to lunch. Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that afternoon; they were  till doing  tar chart  and prediction , but now that he and Ron were friend  once more, the whole thing  eemed very funny again. Profe or Trelawney, who had been  o plea ed with the pair of them when they had been predicting their own horrific death , quickly became irritated a  they  niggered through her explanation of the variou  way  in which Pluto could di rupt everyday life. “I would think,”  he  aid, in a my tical whi per that did not conceal her obviou  annoyance, “that  ome of u ” -  he  tared very meaningfully at Harry- “might be a little le  frivolou  had they  een what I have  een during my cry tal gazing la t night. A  I  at here, ab orbed in my needlework, the urge to con ult the orb overpowered me. I aro e, I  ettled my elf before it, and I gazed into it  cry talline depth …and what do you think I  aw gazing back at me?” “An ugly old bat in out ize  pec ?” Ron muttered under hi  breath. Harry fought hard to keep hi  face  traight. “Death, my dear .” Parvati and Lavender both put their hand  over their mouth , looking horrified. “Ye ,”  aid Profe or Trelawney, nodding impre ively, “it come , ever clo er, it circle  overhead like a vulture, ever lower…ever lower over the ca tle.…” She  tared pointedly at Harry, who yawned very widely and obviou ly. “It'd be a bit more impre ive if  he hadn't done it about eighty time  before,” Harry  aid a  they finally regained the fre h air of the  tairca e beneath Profe or Trelawney'  room. “But if I'd dropped dead every time  he'  told me I'm going to, I'd be a medical miracle.” “You'd be a  ort of extra-concentrated gho t,”  aid Ron, chortling, a  they pa ed the Bloody Baron going in the oppo ite direction, hi  wide eye   taring  ini terly. “At lea t we didn't get homework. I hope Hermione got load  off Profe or Vector, I love not working when  he i .…” But Hermione wa n't at dinner, nor wa   he in the library when they went to look for her afterward. The only per on in there wa  Viktor Krum. Ron hovered behind the book helve  for a while, watching Krum, debating in whi per  with Harry whether he  hould a k for an autograph - but then Ron realized that  ix or  even girl  were lurking in the next row of book , debating exactly the  ame thing, and he lo t hi  enthu ia m for the idea. “Wonder where  he'  got to?” Ron  aid a  he and Harry went back to Gryffindor Tower. “Dunno…balderda h.” But the Fat Lady had barely begun to  wing forward when the  ound of racing feet behind them announced Hermione'  arrival. “Harry!”  he panted,  kidding to a halt be ide him (the Fat Lady  tared down at her, eyebrow  rai ed). “Harry, you've got to come - you've got to come, the mo t amazing thing'  happened - plea e -” She  eized Harry'  arm and  tarted to try to drag him back along the corridor. “What'  the matter?” Harry  aid. “I'll  how you when we get there - oh come on, quick -” Harry looked around at Ron; he looked back at Harry, intrigued. “Okay,” Harry  aid,  tarting off back down the corridor with Hermione, Ron hurrying to keep up. “Oh don't mind me!” the Fat Lady called irritably after them. “Don't apologize for bothering me! I'll ju t hang here, wide open, until you get back,  hall I?” “Yeah, thank !” Ron  houted over hi   houlder. “Hermione, where are we going?” Harry a ked, after  he had led them down through  ix floor , and  tarted down the marble  tairca e into the entrance hall. “You'll  ee, you'll  ee in a minute!”  aid Hermione excitedly. She turned left at the bottom of the  tairca e and hurried toward the door through which Cedric Diggory had gone the night after the Goblet of Fire had regurgitated hi  and Harry'  name . Harry had never been through here before. He and Ron followed Hermione down a flight of  tone  tep , but in tead of ending up in a gloomy underground pa age like the one that led to Snape'  dungeon, they found them elve  in a broad  tone corridor, brightly lit with torche , and decorated with cheerful painting  that were mainly of food. “Oh hang on…”  aid Harry  lowly, halfway down the corridor. “Wait a minute, Hermione.…” “What?” She turned around to look at him, anticipation all over her face. “I know what thi  i  about,”  aid Harry. He nudged Ron and pointed to the painting ju t behind Hermione. It  howed a gigantic  ilver fruit bowl. “Hermione!”  aid Ron, cottoning on. “You're trying to rope u  into that  pew  tuff again!” “No, no, I'm not!”  he  aid ha tily. “And it'  not  pew, Ron -” “Changed the name, have you?”  aid Ron, frowning at her. “What are we now, then, the Hou e-Elf Liberation Front? I'm not barging into that kitchen and trying to make them  top work, I'm not doing it -” “I'm not a king you to!” Hermione  aid impatiently. “I came down here ju t now, to talk to them all, and I found - oh come on, Harry, I want to  how you!” She  eized hi  arm again, pulled him in front of the picture of the giant fruit bowl,  tretched out her forefinger, and tickled the huge green pear. It began to  quirm, chuckling, and  uddenly turned into a large green door handle. Hermione  eized it, pulled the door open, and pu hed Harry hard in the back, forcing him in ide. He had one brief glimp e of an enormou , high-ceilinged room, large a  the Great Hall above it, with mound  of glittering bra  pot  and pan  heaped around the  tone wall , and a great brick fireplace at the other end, when  omething  mall hurtled toward him from the middle of the room,  quealing, “Harry Potter,  ir! Harry Potter!” Next  econd all the wind had been knocked out of him a  the  quealing elf hit him hard in the midriff, hugging him  o tightly he thought hi  rib  would break. “D-Dobby?” Harry ga ped. “It i  Dobby,  ir, it i !”  quealed the voice from  omewhere around hi  navel. “Dobby ha  been hoping and hoping to  ee Harry Potter,  ir, and Harry Potter ha  come to  ee him,  ir!” Dobby let go and  tepped back a few pace , beaming up at Harry, hi  enormou , green, tenni -ball- haped eye  brimming with tear  of happine . He looked almo t exactly a  Harry remembered him; the pencil- haped no e, the batlike ear , the long finger  and feet - all except the clothe , which were very different. When Dobby had worked for the Malfoy , he had alway  worn the  ame filthy old pillowca e. Now, however, he wa  wearing the  trange t a ortment of garment  Harry had ever  een; he had done an even wor e job of dre ing him elf than the wizard  at the World Cup. He wa  wearing a tea cozy for a hat, on which he had pinned a number of bright badge ; a tie patterned with hor e hoe  over a bare che t, a pair of what looked like children'   occer  hort , and odd  ock . One of the e, Harry  aw, wa  the black one Harry had removed from hi  own foot and tricked Mr. Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby  etting Dobby free. The other wa  covered in pink and orange  tripe . “Dobby, what're you doing here?” Harry  aid in amazement. “Dobby ha  come to work at Hogwart ,  ir!” Dobby  quealed excitedly. "Profe or Dumbledore gave Dobby and Winky job ,  ir! “Winky?”  aid Harry. “She'  here too?” “Ye ,  ir, ye !”  aid Dobby, and he  eized Harry'  hand and pulled him off into the kitchen between the four long wooden table  that  tood there. Each of the e table , Harry noticed a  he pa ed them, wa  po itioned exactly beneath the four Hou e table  above, in the Great Hall. At the moment, they were clear of food, dinner having fini hed, but he  uppo ed that an hour ago they had been laden with di he  that were then  ent up through the ceiling to their counterpart  above. At lea t a hundred little elve  were  tanding around the kitchen, beaming, bowing, and curt ying a  Dobby led Harry pa t them. They were all wearing the  ame uniform: a tea towel  tamped with the Hogwart  cre t, and tied, a  Winky'  had been, like a toga. Dobby  topped in front of the brick fireplace and pointed. “Winky,  ir!” he  aid. Winky wa   itting on a  tool by the fire. Unlike Dobby,  he had obviou ly not foraged for clothe . She wa  wearing a neat little  kirt and blou e with a matching blue hat, which had hole  in it for her large ear . However, while every one of Dobby'   trange collection of garment  wa   o clean and well cared for that it looked brand-new, Winky wa  plainly not taking care other clothe  at all. There were  oup  tain  all down her blou e and a burn in her  kirt. “Hello, Winky,”  aid Harry. Winky'  lip quivered. Then  he bur t into tear , which  pilled out of her great brown eye  and  pla hed down her front, ju t a  they had done at the Quidditch World Cup. “Oh dear,”  aid Hermione. She and Ron had followed Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen. “Winky, don't cry, plea e don't…” But Winky cried harder than ever. Dobby, on the other hand, beamed up at Harry. “Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?” he  queaked loudly, over Winky'   ob . “Er - yeah, okay,”  aid Harry. In tantly, about  ix hou e-elve  came trotting up behind him, bearing a large  ilver tray laden with a teapot, cup  for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a milk jug, and a large plate of bi cuit . “Good  ervice!” Ron  aid, in an impre ed voice. Hermione frowned at him, but the elve  all looked delighted; they bowed very low and retreated. “How long have you been here, Dobby?” Harry a ked a  Dobby handed around the tea. “Only a week. Harry Potter,  ir!”  aid Dobby happily. “Dobby came to  ee Profe or Dumbledore,  ir. You  ee,  ir, it i  very difficult for a hou e-elf who ha  been di mi ed to get a new po ition,  ir, very difficult indeed -” At thi , Winky howled even harder, her  qua hed-tomato of a no e dribbling all down her front, though  he made no effort to  tem the flow. “Dobby ha  traveled the country for two whole year ,  ir, trying to find work!” Dobby  queaked. “But Dobby ha n't found work,  ir, becau e Dobby want  paying now!” The hou e-elve  all around the kitchen, who had been li tening and watching with intere t, all looked away at the e word , a  though Dobby had  aid  omething rude and embarra ing. Hermione, however,  aid, “Good for you, Dobby!” “Thank you, mi !”  aid Dobby, grinning toothily at her. “But mo t wizard  doe n't want a hou e-elf who want  paying, mi . 'That'  not the point of a hou e-elf,' they  ay , and they  lammed the door in Dobby'  face! Dobby like  work, but he want  to wear clothe  and he want  to be paid. Harry Potter.…Dobby like  being free!” The Hogwart  hou e-elve  had now  tarted edging away from Dobby, a  though he were carrying  omething contagiou . Winky, however, remained where  he wa , though there wa  a definite increa e in the volume other crying. “And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goe  to vi it Winky, and find  out Winky ha  been freed too,  ir!”  aid Dobby delightedly. At thi , Winky flung her elf forward off her  tool and lay face-down on the flagged  tone floor, beating her tiny fi t  upon it and po itively  creaming with mi ery. Hermione ha tily dropped down to her knee  be ide her and tried to comfort her, but nothing  he  aid made the  lighte t difference. Dobby continued with hi   tory,  houting  hrilly over Winky'   creeche . “And then Dobby had the idea. Harry Potter,  ir! 'Why doe n't Dobby and Winky find work together?' Dobby  ay . 'Where i  there enough work for two hou e-elve ?'  ay  Winky. And Dobby think , and it come  to him,  ir! Hogwart ! So Dobby and Winky came to  ee Profe or Dumbledore,  ir, and Profe or Dumbledore took u  on!” Dobby beamed very brightly, and happy tear  welled in hi  eye  again. “And Profe or Dumbledore  ay  he will pay Dobby,  ir, if Dobby want  paying! And  o Dobby i  a free elf,  ir, and Dobby get  a Galleon a week and one day off a month!” “That'  not very much!” Hermione  houted indignantly from the floor, over Winky'  continued  creaming and fi t-beating. “Profe or Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleon  a week, and weekend  off,”  aid Dobby,  uddenly giving a little  hiver, a  though the pro pect of  o much lei ure and riche  were frightening, “but Dobby beat him down, mi .…Dobby like  freedom, mi , but he i n't wanting too much, mi , he like  work better.” “And how much i  Profe or Dumbledore paying you, Winky?” Hermione a ked kindly. If  he had thought thi  would cheer up Winky,  he wa  wildly mi taken. Winky did  top crying, but when  he  at up  he wa  glaring at Hermione through her ma ive brown eye , her whole face  opping wet and  uddenly furiou . “Winky i  a di graced elf, but Winky i  not yet getting paid!”  he  queaked. “Winky i  not  unk  o low a  that! Winky i  properly a hamed of being freed!” “A hamed?”  aid Hermione blankly. “But - Winky, come on! It'  Mr. Crouch who  hould be a hamed, not you! You didn't do anything wrong, he wa  really horrible to you -” But at the e word , Winky clapped her hand  over the hole  in her hat, flattening her ear   o that  he couldn't hear a word, and  creeched, “You i  not in ulting my ma ter, mi ! You i  not in ulting Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch i  a good wizard, mi ! Mr. Crouch i  right to  ack bad Winky!” “Winky i  having trouble adju ting, Harry Potter,”  queaked Dobby confidentially. “Winky forget   he i  not bound to Mr. Crouch anymore;  he i  allowed to  peak her mind now, but  he won't do it.” “Can't hou e-elve   peak their mind  about their ma ter , then?” Harry a ked. “Oh no,  ir, no,”  aid Dobby, looking  uddenly  eriou . “'Ti  part of the hou e-elf'  en lavement,  ir. We keep  their  ecret  and our  ilence,  ir. We uphold  the family'  honor, and we never  peak  ill of them - though Profe or Dumbledore told Dobby he doe  not in i t upon thi . Profe or Dumbledore  aid we i  free to - to -” Dobby looked  uddenly nervou  and beckoned Harry clo er. Harry bent forward. Dobby whi pered, “He  aid we i  free to call him a - a barmy old codger if we like ,  ir!” Dobby gave a frightened  ort of giggle. “But Dobby i  not wanting to, Harry Potter,” he  aid, talking normally again, and  haking hi  head  o that hi  ear  flapped. “Dobby like  Profe or Dumbledore very much,  ir, and i  proud to keep hi   ecret  and our  ilence for him.” “But you can  ay what you like about the Malfoy  now?” Harry a ked him, grinning. A  lightly fearful look came into Dobby'  immen e eye . “Dobby - Dobby could,” he  aid doubtfully. He  quared hi   mall  houlder . “Dobby could tell Harry Potter that hi  old ma ter  were - were - bad Dark wizard !” Dobby  tood for a moment, quivering all over, horror- truck by hi  own daring - then he ru hed over to the neare t table and began banging hi  head on it very hard,  quealing, “Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!” Harry  eized Dobby by the back of hi  tie and pulled him away from the table. “Thank you. Harry Potter, thank you,”  aid Dobby breathle ly, rubbing hi  head. “You ju t need a bit of practice,” Harry  aid. “Practice!”  quealed Winky furiou ly. “You i  ought to be a hamed of your elf, Dobby, talking that way about your ma ter !” “They i n't my ma ter  anymore, Winky!”  aid Dobby defiantly. “Dobby doe n't care what they think anymore!” “Oh you i  a bad elf, Dobby!” moaned Winky, tear  leaking down her face once more. “My poor Mr. Crouch, what i  he doing without Winky? He i  needing me, he i  needing my help! I i  looking after the Crouche  all my life, and my mother i  doing it before me, and my grandmother i  doing it before her…oh what i  they  aying if they knew Winky wa  freed? Oh the  hame, the  hame!” She buried her face in her  kirt again and bawled. “Winky,”  aid Hermione firmly, “I'm quite  ure Mr. Crouch i  getting along perfectly well without you. We've  een him, you know -” “You i   eeing my ma ter?”  aid Winky breathle ly, rai ing her tear tained face out of her  kirt once more and goggling at Hermione. “You i   eeing him here at Hogwart ?” “Ye ,”  aid Hermione, “he and Mr. Bagman are judge  in the Triwizard Tournament.” “Mr. Bagman come  too?”  queaked Winky, and to Harry '  great  urpri e (and Ron'  and Hermione'  too, by the look  on their face ),  he looked angry again. “Mr. Bagman i  a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! My ma ter i n't liking him, oh no, not at all!” “Bagman - bad?”  aid Harry. “Oh ye ,” Winky  aid, nodding her head furiou ly, “My ma ter i  telling Winky  ome thing ! But Winky i  not  aying…Winky - Winky keep  her ma ter'   ecret .…” She di olved yet again in tear ; they could hear her  obbing into her  kirt, “Poor ma ter, poor ma ter, no Winky to help him no more!” They couldn't get another  en ible word out of Winky. They left her to her crying and fini hed their tea, while Dobby chatted happily about hi  life a  a free elf and hi  plan  for hi  wage . “Dobby i  going to buy a  weater next, Harry Potter!” he  aid happily, pointing at hi  bare che t. “Tell you what, Dobby,”  aid Ron, who  eemed to have taken a great liking to the elf, “I'll give you the one my mum knit  me thi  Chri tma , I alway  get one from her. You don't mind maroon, do you?” Dobby wa  delighted. “We might have to  hrink it a bit to fit you,” Ron told him, “but it'll go well with your tea cozy.” A  they prepared to take their leave, many of the  urrounding elve  pre ed in upon them, offering  nack  to take back up tair . Hermione refu ed, with a pained look at the way the elve  kept bowing and curt ying, but Harry and Ron loaded their pocket  with cream cake  and pie . “Thank  a lot!” Harry  aid to the elve , who had all clu tered around the door to  ay good night. “See you, Dobby!” “Harry Potter…can Dobby come and  ee you  ometime ,  ir?” Dobby a ked tentatively. “ 'Cour e you can,”  aid Harry, and Dobby beamed. “You know what?”  aid Ron, once he, Hermione, and Harry had left the kitchen  behind and were climbing the  tep  into the entrance hall again. “All the e year  I've been really impre ed with Fred and George, nicking food from the kitchen  - well, it'  not exactly difficult, i  it? They can't wait to give it away!” “I think thi  i  the be t thing that could have happened to tho e elve , you know,”  aid Hermione, leading the way back up the marble  tairca e. “Dobby coming to work here, I mean. The other elve  will  ee how happy he i , being free, and  lowly it'll dawn on them that they want that too!” “Let'  hope they don't look too clo ely at Winky,”  aid Harry. “Oh  he'll cheer up,”  aid Hermione, though  he  ounded a bit doubtful. “Once the  hock'  worn off, and  he'  got u ed to Hogwart ,  he'll  ee how much better off  he i  without that Crouch man.” “She  eem  to love him,”  aid Ron thickly (he had ju t  tarted on a cream cake). “Doe n't think much of Bagman, though, doe   he?”  aid Harry. “Wonder what Crouch  ay  at home about him?” “Probably  ay  he'  not a very good Head of Department,”  aid Hermione, “and let'  face it…he'  got a point, ha n't he?” “I'd  till rather work for him than old Crouch,”  aid Ron. “At lea t Bagman'  got a  en e of humor.” “Don't let Percy hear you  aying that,” Hermione  aid,  miling  lightly. “Yeah, well, Percy wouldn't want to work for anyone with a  en e of humor, would he?”  aid Ron, now  tarting on a chocolate eclair. “Percy wouldn't recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby'  tea cozy.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO THE UNEXPECTED TASK “ P otter! Wea ley! Will you pay attention?” Profe or McGonagall'  irritated voice cracked like a whip through the Tran figuration cla  on Thur day, and Harry and Ron both jumped and looked up. It wa  the end of the le on; they had fini hed their work; the guinea fowl they had been changing into guinea pig  had been  hut away in a large cage on Profe or McGonagall'  de k (Neville'   till had feather ); they had copied down their homework from the blackboard (“De cribe, with example , the way  in which Tran forming Spell  mu t be adapted when performing Cro -Specie  Switche ”}. The bell wa  due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a  word fight with a couple of Fred and George'  fake wand  at the back of the cla , looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock. “Now that Potter and Wea ley have been kind enough to act their age,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, with an angry look at the pair of them a  the head of Harry'  haddock drooped and fell  ilently to the floor - Ron'  parrot'  beak had  evered it moment  before - "I have  omething to  ay to you all. “The Yule Ball i  approaching - a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for u  to  ocialize with our foreign gue t . Now, the ball will be open only to fourth year  and above - although you may invite a younger  tudent if you wi h -” Lavender Brown let out a  hrill giggle. Parvati Patil nudged her hard in the rib , her face working furiou ly a   he too fought not to giggle. They both looked around at Harry, Profe or McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought wa  di tinctly unfair, a   he had ju t told off him and Ron. “Dre  robe  will be worn,” Profe or McGonagall continued, “and the ball will  tart at eight o'clock on Chri tma  Day, fini hing at midnight in the Great Hall. Now then -” Profe or McGonagall  tared deliberately around the cla . “The Yule Ball i  of cour e a chance for u  all to - er - let our hair down,”  he  aid, in a di approving voice. Lavender giggled harder than ever, with her hand pre ed hard again t her mouth to  tifle the  ound. Harry could  ee what wa  funny thi  time: Profe or McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked a  though  he had never let her hair down in any  en e. “But that doe  NOT mean,” Profe or McGonagall went on, “that we will be relaxing the  tandard  of behavior we expect from Hogwart   tudent . I will be mo t  eriou ly di plea ed if a Gryffindor  tudent embarra e  the  chool in any way.” The bell rang, and there wa  the u ual  cuffle of activity a  everyone packed their bag  and  wung them onto their  houlder . Profe or McGonagall called above the noi e, “Potter - a word, if you plea e.” A uming thi  had  omething to do with hi  headle  rubber haddock, Harry proceeded gloomily to the teacher'  de k. Profe or McGonagall waited until the re t of the cla  had gone, and then  aid, “Potter, the champion  and their partner  -” “What partner ?”  aid Harry. Profe or McGonagall looked  u piciou ly at him, a  though  he thought he wa  trying to be funny. “Your partner  for the Yule Ball, Potter,”  he  aid coldly. “Your dance partner .” Harry'  in ide   eemed to curl up and  hrivel. “Dance partner ?” He felt him elf going red. “I don't dance,” he  aid quickly. “Oh ye , you do,”  aid Profe or McGonagall irritably. “That'  what I'm telling you. Traditionally, the champion  and their partner  open the ball.” Harry had a  udden mental image of him elf in a top hat and tail , accompanied by a girl in the  ort of frilly dre  Aunt Petunia alway  wore to Uncle Vernon'  work partie . “I'm not dancing,” he  aid. “It i  traditional,”  aid Profe or McGonagall firmly. “You are a Hogwart  champion, and you will do what i  expected of you a  a repre entative of the  chool. So make  ure you get your elf a partner, Potter.” “But - I don't -” “You heard me, Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall in a very final  ort of way. A week ago. Harry would have  aid finding a partner for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a Hungarian Horntail. But now that he had done the latter, and wa  facing the pro pect of a king a girl to the ball, he thought he'd rather have another round with the dragon. Harry had never known  o many people to put their name  down to  tay at Hogwart  for Chri tma ; he alway  did, of cour e, becau e the alternative wa  u ually going back to Privet Drive, but he had alway  been very much in the minority before now. Thi  year, however, everyone in the fourth year and above  eemed to be  taying, and they all  eemed to Harry to be ob e ed with the coming ball - or at lea t all the girl  were, and it wa  amazing how many girl  Hogwart   uddenly  eemed to hold; he had never quite noticed that before. Girl  giggling and whi pering in the corridor , girl   hrieking with laughter a  boy  pa ed them, girl  excitedly comparing note  on what they were going to wear on Chri tma  night.… “Why do they have to move in pack ?” Harry a ked Ron a  a dozen or  o girl  walked pa t them,  niggering and  taring at Harry. “How're you  uppo ed to get one on their own to a k them?” “La o one?” Ron  ugge ted. “Got any idea who you're going to try?” Harry didn't an wer. He knew perfectly well whom he'd like to a k, but working up the nerve wa   omething el e.…Cho wa  a year older than he wa ;  he wa  very pretty;  he wa  a very good Quidditch player, and  he wa  al o very popular. Ron  eemed to know what wa  going on in ide Harry'  head. “Li ten, you're not going to have any trouble. You're a champion. You've ju t beaten a Hungarian Horntail. I bet they'll be queuing up to go with you.” In tribute to their recently repaired friend hip, Ron had kept the bitterne  in hi  voice to a bare minimum. Moreover, to Harry'  amazement, he turned out to be quite right. A curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never  poken in hi  life a ked him to go to the ball with her the very next day. Harry wa   o taken aback he  aid no before he'd even  topped to con ider the matter. The girl walked off looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean' , Seamu ' , and Ron'  taunt  about her all through Hi tory of Magic. The following day, two more girl  a ked him, a  econd year and (to hi  horror) a fifth year who looked a  though  he might knock him out if he refu ed. “She wa  quite good-looking,”  aid Ron fairly, after he'd  topped laughing. “She wa  a foot taller than me,”  aid Harry,  till unnerved. “Imagine what I'd look like trying to dance with her.” Hermione'  word  about Krum kept coming back to him. “They only like him becau e he'  famou !” Harry doubted very much if any of the girl  who had a ked to be hi  partner  o far would have wanted to go to the ball with him if he hadn't been a  chool champion. Then he wondered if thi  would bother him if Cho a ked him. On the whole. Harry had to admit that even with the embarra ing pro pect of opening the ball before him, life had definitely improved  ince he had got through the fir t ta k. He wa n't attracting nearly a  much unplea antne  in the corridor  anymore, which he  u pected had a lot to do with Cedric - he had an idea Cedric might have told the Hufflepuff  to leave Harry alone, in gratitude for Harry'  tip-off about the dragon . There  eemed to be fewer Support Cedric Diggory! badge  around too. Draco Malfoy, of cour e, wa   till quoting Rita Skeeter'  article to him at every po ible opportunity, but he wa  getting fewer and fewer laugh  out of it - and ju t to heighten Harry'  feeling of well-being, no  tory about Hagrid had appeared in the Daily Prophet. “She didn'  eem very int're ted in magical creature , ter tell yeh the truth,” Hagrid  aid, when Harry, Ron, and Hermione a ked him how hi  interview with Rita Skeeter had gone during the la t Care of Magical Creature  le on of the term. To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the  krewt  now, and they were merely  heltering behind hi  cabin today,  itting at a tre tle table and preparing a fre h  election of food with which to tempt the  krewt . “She ju ' wanted me ter talk about you, Harry,” Hagrid continued in a low voice. “Well, I told her we'd been friend   ince I went ter fetch yeh from the Dur ley . 'Never had to tell him off in four year ?'  he  aid. 'Never played you up in le on , ha  he?' I told her no, an  he didn'  eem happy at all. Yeh'd think  he wanted me to  ay yeh were horrible, Harry.” “'Cour e  he did,”  aid Harry, throwing lump  of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up hi  knife to cut  ome more. “She can't keep writing about what a tragic little hero I am, it'll get boring.” “She want  a new angle, Hagrid,”  aid Ron wi ely a  he  helled  alamander egg . “You were  uppo ed to  ay Harry'  a mad delinquent!” “But he'  not!”  aid Hagrid, looking genuinely  hocked. “She  hould've interviewed Snape,”  aid Harry grimly. “He'd give her the good  on me any day. 'Potter ha  been cro ing line  ever  ince he fir t arrived at thi   chool.…'” “Said that, did he?”  aid Hagrid, while Ron and Hermione laughed. “Well, yeh might've bent a few rule . Harry, bu' yeh're all righ' really, aren' you?” “Cheer , Hagrid,”  aid Harry, grinning. “You coming to thi  ball thing on Chri tma  Day, Hagrid?”  aid Ron. “Though' I might look in on it, yeah,”  aid Hagrid gruffly. “Should be a good do, I reckon. You'll be openin the dancin', won yeh, Harry? Who're you takin'?” “No one, yet,”  aid Harry, feeling him elf going red again. Hagrid didn't pur ue the  ubject. The la t week of term became increa ingly boi terou  a  it progre ed. Rumor  about the Yule Ball were flying everywhere, though Harry didn't believe half of them - for in tance, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrel  of mulled mead from Madam Ro merta. It  eemed to be fact, however, that he had booked the Weird Si ter . Exactly who or what the Weird Si ter  were Harry didn't know, never having had acce  to a wizard'  wirele , but he deduced from the wild excitement of tho e who had grown up li tening to the WWN (Wizarding Wirele  Network) that they were a very famou  mu ical group. Some of the teacher , like little Profe or Flitwick, gave up trying to teach them much when their mind  were  o clearly el ewhere; he allowed them to play game  in hi  le on on Wedne day, and  pent mo t of it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry had u ed during the fir t ta k of the Triwizard Tournament. Other teacher  were not  o generou . Nothing would ever deflect Profe or Binn , for example, from plowing on through hi  note  on goblin rebellion  - a  Binn  hadn't let hi  own death  tand in the way of continuing to teach, they  uppo ed a  mall thing like Chri tma  wa n't going to put him off. It wa  amazing how he could make even bloody and viciou  goblin riot   ound a  boring a  Percy'  cauldron-bottom report. Profe or  McGonagall and Moody kept them working until the very la t  econd of their cla e  too, and Snape, of cour e, would no  ooner let them play game  in cla  than adopt Harry. Staring na tily around at them all, he informed them that he would be te ting them on poi on antidote  during the la t le on of the term. “Evil, he i ,” Ron  aid bitterly that night in the Gryffindor common room. “Springing a te t on u  on the la t day. Ruining the la t bit of term with a whole load of  tudying.” “Mmm…you're not exactly  training your elf, though, are you?”  aid Hermione, looking at him over the top of her Potion  note . Ron wa  bu y building a card ca tle out of hi  Exploding Snap pack - a much more intere ting pa time than with Muggle card , becau e of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any  econd. “It'  Chri tma , Hermione,”  aid Harry lazily; he wa  rereading Flying with the Cannon  for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire. Hermione looked  everely over at him too. “I'd have thought you'd be doing  omething con tructive, Harry, even if you don't want to learn your antidote !” “Like what?” Harry  aid a  he watched Joey Jenkin  of the Cannon  belt a Bludger toward a Ballyca tle Bat  Cha er. “That egg!” Hermione hi ed. “Come on, Hermione, I've got till February the twenty-fourth,” Harry  aid. He had put the golden egg up tair  in hi  trunk and hadn't opened it  ince the celebration party after the fir t ta k. There were  till two and a half month  to go until he needed to know what all the  creechy wailing meant, after all. “But it might take week  to work it out!”  aid Hermione. “You're going to look a real idiot if everyone el e know  what the next ta k i  and you don't!” “Leave him alone, Hermione, he'  earned a bit of a break,”  aid Ron, and he placed the la t two card  on top of the ca tle and the whole lot blew up,  ingeing hi  eyebrow . “Nice look, Ron…go well with your dre  robe , that will.” It wa  Fred and George. They  at down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione a  Ron felt how much damage had been done. “Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?” George a ked. “No, he'  off delivering a letter,”  aid Ron. “Why?” “Becau e George want  to invite him to the ball,”  aid Fred  arca tically. “Becau e we want to  end a letter, you  tupid great prat,”  aid George. “Who d'you two keep writing to, eh?”  aid Ron. “No e out, Ron, or I'll burn that for you too,”  aid Fred, waving hi  wand threateningly. “So…you lot got date  for the ball yet?” “Nope,”  aid Ron. “Well, you'd better hurry up, mate, or all the good one  will be gone,”  aid Fred. “Who're you going with, then?”  aid Ron. “Angelina,”  aid Fred promptly, without a trace of embarra ment. “What?”  aid Ron, taken aback. “You've already a ked her?” “Good point,”  aid Fred. He turned hi  head and called acro  the common room, “Oi! Angelina!” Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet near the fire, looked over at him. “What?”  he called back. “Want to come to the ball with me?” Angelina gave Fred an apprai ing  ort of look. “All right, then,”  he  aid, and  he turned back to Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on her face. “There you go,”  aid Fred to Harry and Ron, “piece of cake.” He got to hi  feet, yawning, and  aid, “We'd better u e a  chool owl then, George, come on.…” They left. Ron  topped feeling hi  eyebrow  and looked acro  the  moldering wreck of hi  card ca tle at Harry. “We  hould get a move on, you know…a k  omeone. He'  right. We don't want to end up with a pair of troll .” Hermione let out a  putter of indignation. “A pair of…what, excu e me?” “Well - you know,”  aid Ron,  hrugging. “I'd rather go alone than with - with Eloi e Midgen,  ay.” “Her acne'  load  better lately - and  he'  really nice!” “Her no e i  off-center,”  aid Ron. “Oh I  ee,” Hermione  aid, bri tling. “So ba ically, you're going to take the be t-looking girl who'll have you, even if  he'  completely horrible?” “Er - yeah, that  ound  about right,”  aid Ron. “I'm going to bed,” Hermione  napped, and  he  wept off toward the girl '  tairca e without another word. The Hogwart   taff, demon trating a continued de ire to impre  the vi itor  from Beauxbaton  and Durm trang,  eemed determined to  how the ca tle at it  be t thi  Chri tma . When the decoration  went up. Harry noticed that they were the mo t  tunning he had yet  een in ide the  chool. Everla ting icicle  had been attached to the bani ter  of the marble  tairca e; the u ual twelve Chri tma  tree  in the Great Hall were bedecked with everything from luminou  holly berrie  to real, hooting, golden owl , and the  uit  of armor had all been bewitched to  ing carol  whenever anyone pa ed them. It wa  quite  omething to hear “O Come, All Ye Faithful”  ung by an empty helmet that only knew half the word . Several time , Filch the caretaker had to extract Peeve  from in ide the armor, where he had taken to hiding, filling in the gap  in the  ong  with lyric  of hi  own invention, all of which were very rude. And  till. Harry hadn't a ked Cho to the ball. He and Ron were getting very nervou  now, though a  Harry pointed out, Ron would look much le   tupid than he would without a partner; Harry wa   uppo ed to be  tarting the dancing with the other champion . “I  uppo e there'  alway  Moaning Myrtle,” he  aid gloomily, referring to the gho t who haunted the girl ' toilet  on the  econd floor. “Harry - we've ju t got to grit our teeth and do it,”  aid Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that  ugge ted they were planning the  torming of an impregnable fortre . “When we get back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partner  - agreed?” “Er…okay,”  aid Harry. But every time he glimp ed Cho that day - during break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to Hi tory of Magic -  he wa   urrounded by friend . Didn't  he ever go anywhere alone? Could he perhap  ambu h her a   he wa  going into a bathroom? But no -  he even  eemed to go there with an e cort of four or five girl . Yet if he didn't do it  oon,  he wa  bound to have been a ked by  omebody el e. He found it hard to concentrate on Snape'  Potion  te t, and con equently forgot to add the key ingredient - a bezoar - meaning that he received bottom mark . He didn't care, though; he wa  too bu y  crewing up hi  courage for what he wa  about to do. When the bell rang, he grabbed hi  bag, and hurried to the dungeon door. “I'll meet you at dinner,” he  aid to Ron and Hermione, and he da hed off up tair . He'd ju t have to a k Cho for a private word, that wa  all.…He hurried off through the packed corridor  looking for her, and (rather  ooner than he had expected) he found her, emerging from a Defen e Again t the Dark Art  le on. “Er - Cho? Could I have a word with you?” Giggling  hould be made illegal. Harry thought furiou ly, a  all the girl  around Cho  tarted doing it. She didn't, though. She  aid, “Okay,” and followed him out of ear hot other cla mate . Harry turned to look at her and hi   tomach gave a weird lurch a  though he had mi ed a  tep going down tair . “Er,” he  aid. He couldn't a k her. He couldn't. But he had to. Cho  tood there looking puzzled, watching him. The word  came out before Harry had quite got hi  tongue around them. “Wangoballwime?” “Sorry?”  aid Cho. “D'you - d'you want to go to the ball with me?”  aid Harry. Why did he have to go red now? Why? “Oh!”  aid Cho, and  he went red too. “Oh Harry, I'm really  orry,” and  he truly looked it. “I've already  aid I'll go with  omeone el e.” “Oh,”  aid Harry. It wa  odd; a moment before hi  in ide  had been writhing like  nake , but  uddenly he didn't  eem to have any in ide  at all. “Oh okay,” he  aid, “no problem.” “I'm really  orry,”  he  aid again. “That'  okay,”  aid Harry. They  tood there looking at each other, and then Cho  aid, “Well -” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Well, 'bye,”  aid Cho,  till very red. She walked away. Harry called after her, before he could  top him elf. “Who're you going with?” “Oh - Cedric,”  he  aid. “Cedric Diggory.” “Oh right,”  aid Harry. Hi  in ide  had come back again. It felt a  though they had been filled with lead in their ab ence. Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked  lowly back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho'  voice echoing in hi  ear  with every  tep he took. “Cedric - Cedric Diggory.” He had been  tarting to quite like Cedric - prepared to overlook the fact that he had once beaten him at Quidditch, and wa  hand ome, and popular, and nearly everyone'  favorite champion. Now he  uddenly realized that Cedric wa  in fact a u ele  pretty boy who didn't have enough brain  to fill an eggcup. “Fairy light ,” he  aid dully to the Fat Lady - the pa word had been changed the previou  day. “Ye , indeed, dear!”  he trilled,  traightening her new tin el hair band a   he  wung forward to admit him. Entering the common room, Harry looked around, and to hi   urpri e he  aw Ron  itting a hen-faced in a di tant corner. Ginny wa   itting with him, talking to him in what  eemed to be a low,  oothing voice. “What'  up, Ron?”  aid Harry, joining them. Ron looked up at Harry, a  ort of blind horror in hi  face. “Why did I do it?” he  aid wildly. "I don't know what made me do it! “What?”  aid Harry. “He - er - ju t a ked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with him,”  aid Ginny. She looked a  though  he wa  fighting back a  mile, but  he kept patting Ron'  arm  ympathetically. "You what?'  aid Harry. “I don't know what made me do it!” Ron ga ped again. “What wa  I playing at? There were people - all around - I've gone mad - everyone watching! I wa  ju t walking pa t her in the entrance hall -  he wa   tanding there talking to Diggory - and it  ort of came over me - and I a ked her!” Ron moaned and put hi  face in hi  hand . He kept talking, though the word  were barely di tingui hable. “She looked at me like I wa  a  ea  lug or  omething. Didn't even an wer. And then - I dunno - I ju t  ort of came to my  en e  and ran for it.” “She'  part veela,”  aid Harry. “You were right - her grandmother wa  one. It wa n't your fault, I bet you ju t walked pa t when  he wa  turning on the old charm for Diggory and got a bla t of it - but  he wa  wa ting her time. He'  going with Cho Chang.” Ron looked up. “I a ked her to go with me ju t now,” Harry  aid dully, “and  he told me.” Ginny had  uddenly  topped  miling. “Thi  i  mad,”  aid Ron. “We're the only one  left who haven't got anyone - well, except Neville. Hey - gue  who he a ked? Hermione!” “What?”  aid Harry, completely di tracted by thi   tartling new . “Yeah, I know!”  aid Ron,  ome of the color coming back into hi  face a  he  tarted to laugh. “He told me after Potion ! Said  he'  alway  been really nice, helping him out with work and  tuff- but  he told him  he wa  already going with  omeone. Ha! A  if! She ju t didn't want to go with Neville…I mean, who would?” “Don't!”  aid Ginny, annoyed. “Don't laugh -” Ju t then Hermione climbed in through the portrait hole. “Why weren't you two at dinner?”  he  aid, coming over to join them. “Becau e - oh  hut up laughing, you two - becau e they've both ju t been turned down by girl  they a ked to the ball!”  aid Ginny. That  hut Harry and Ron up. “Thank  a bunch, Ginny,”  aid Ron  ourly. “All the good-looking one  taken, Ron?”  aid Hermione loftily. “Eloi e Midgen  tarting to look quite pretty now, i   he? Well, I'm  ure you'll find  omeone  omewhere who'll have you.” But Ron wa   taring at Hermione a  though  uddenly  eeing her in a whole new light. “Hermione, Neville'  right - you are a girl.…” “Oh well  potted,”  he  aid acidly. “Well - you can come with one of u !” “No, I can't,”  napped Hermione. “Oh come on,” he  aid impatiently, “we need partner , we're going to look really  tupid if we haven't got any, everyone el e ha …” “I can't come with you,”  aid Hermione, now blu hing, “becau e I'm already going with  omeone.” “No, you're not!”  aid Ron. “You ju t  aid that to get rid of Neville!” “Oh did I?”  aid Hermione, and her eye  fla hed dangerou ly. “Ju t becau e it'  taken you three year  to notice, Ron, doe n't mean no one el e ha   potted I'm a girl!” Ron  tared at her. Then he grinned again. “Okay, okay, we know you're a girl,” he  aid. “That do? Will you come now?” “I've already told you!” Hermione  aid very angrily. “I'm going with  omeone el e!” And  he  tormed off toward the girl ' dormitorie  again. “She'  lying,”  aid Ron flatly, watching her go. “She'  not,”  aid Ginny quietly. “Who i  it then?”  aid Ron  harply. “I'm not telling you, it'  her bu ine ,”  aid Ginny. “Right,”  aid Ron, who looked extremely put out, “thi  i  getting  tupid. Ginny, you can go with Harry, and I'll ju t -” “I can't,”  aid Ginny, and  he went  carlet too. “I'm going with - with Neville. He a ked me when Hermione  aid no, and I thought…well…I'm not going to be able to go otherwi e, I'm not in fourth year.” She looked extremely mi erable. “I think I'll go and have dinner,”  he  aid, and  he got up and walked off to the portrait hole, her head bowed. Ron goggled at Harry. “What'  got into them?” he demanded. But Harry had ju t  een Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole. The time had come for dra tic action. “Wait here,” he  aid to Ron, and he  tood up, walked  traight up to Parvati, and  aid, “Parvati? Will you go to the ball with me?” Parvati went into a fit of giggle . Harry waited for them to  ub ide, hi  finger  cro ed in the pocket of hi  robe . “Ye , all right then,”  he  aid finally, blu hing furiou ly. “Thank ,”  aid Harry, in relief. “Lavender - will you go with Ron?” “She'  going with Seamu ,”  aid Parvati, and the pair of them giggled harder than ever. Harry  ighed. “Can't you think of anyone who'd go with Ron?” he  aid, lowering hi  voice  o that Ron wouldn't hear. “What about Hermione Granger?”  aid Parvati. “She'  going with  omeone el e.” Parvati looked a toni hed. “Ooooh - who?”  he  aid keenly. Harry  hrugged. “No idea,” he  aid. “So what about Ron?” “Well…”  aid Parvati  lowly, “I  uppo e my  i ter might…Padma, you know…in Ravenclaw. I'll a k her if you like.” “Yeah, that would be great,”  aid Harry. “Let me know, will you?” And he went back over to Ron, feeling that thi  ball wa  a lot more trouble than it wa  worth, and hoping very much that Padma Patil'  no e wa  dead center. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE THE YULE BALL D e pite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth year  had been given for the holiday . Harry wa  in no mood to work when term ended, and  pent the week leading up to Chri tma  enjoying him elf a  fully a  po ible along with everyone el e. Gryffindor Tower wa  hardly le  crowded now than during term-time; it  eemed to have  hrunk  lightly too, a  it  inhabitant  were being  o much rowdier than u ual. Fred and George had had a great  ucce  with their Canary Cream , and for the fir t couple of day  of the holiday , people kept bur ting into feather all over the place. Before long, however, all the Gryffindor  had learned to treat food anybody el e offered them with extreme caution, in ca e it had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George confided to Harry that he and Fred were now working on developing  omething el e. Harry made a mental note never to accept  o much a  a cri p from Fred and George in future. He  till hadn't forgotten Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee. Snow wa  falling thickly upon the ca tle and it  ground  now. The pale blue Beauxbaton  carriage looked like a large, chilly, fro ted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread hou e that wa  Hagrid'  cabin, while the Durm trang  hip'  porthole  were glazed with ice, the rigging white with fro t. The hou e-elve  down in the kitchen were outdoing them elve  with a  erie  of rich, warming  tew  and  avory pudding , and only Fleur Delacour  eemed to be able to find anything to complain about. “It i  too 'eavy, all zi  'Ogwart  food,” they heard her  aying grumpily a  they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron  kulking behind Harry, keen not to be  potted by Fleur). “I will not fit into my dre  robe !” “Oooh there'  a tragedy,” Hermione  napped a  Fleur went out into the entrance hall. “She really think  a lot of her elf, that one, doe n't  he?” “Hermione - who are you going to the ball with?”  aid Ron. He kept  pringing thi  que tion on her, hoping to  tartle her into a re pon e by a king it when  he lea t expected it. However, Hermione merely frowned and  aid, “I'm not telling you, you'll ju t make fun of me.” “You're joking, Wea ley!”  aid Malfoy, behind them. “You're not telling me  omeone'  a ked that to the ball? Not the long-molared Mudblood?” Harry and Ron both whipped around, but Hermione  aid loudly, waving to  omebody over Malfoy'   houlder, “Hello, Profe or Moody!” Malfoy went pale and jumped backward, looking wildly around for Moody, but he wa   till up at the  taff table, fini hing hi   tew. “Twitchy little ferret, aren't you, Malfoy?”  aid Hermione  cathingly, and  he, Harry, and Ron went up the marble  tairca e laughing heartily. “Hermione,”  aid Ron, looking  ideway  at her,  uddenly frowning, “your teeth…” “What about them?”  he  aid. “Well, they're different…I've ju t noticed.…” “Of cour e they are - did you expect me to keep tho e fang  Malfoy gave me?” “No, I mean, they're different to how they were before he put that hex on you.…They're all… traight and - and normal- ized.” Hermione  uddenly  miled very mi chievou ly, and Harry noticed it too: It wa  a very different  mile from the one he remembered. “Well…when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get them  hrunk,  he held up a mirror and told me to  top her when they were back to how they normally were,”  he  aid. “And I ju t…let her carry on a bit.” She  miled even more widely. “Mum and Dad won't be too plea ed. I've been trying to per uade them to let me  hrink them for age , but they wanted me to carry on with my brace . You know, they're denti t , they ju t don't think teeth and magic  hould - look! Pigwidgeon'  back!” Ron'  tiny owl wa  twittering madly on the top of the icicle-laden bani ter , a  croll of parchment tied to hi  leg. People pa ing him were pointing and laughing, and a group of third-year girl  pau ed and  aid, “Oh look at the weeny owl! I n't he cute?” Stupid little feathery git!“ Ron hi ed, hurrying up the  tair  and  natching up Pigwidgeon. ”You bring letter  to the addre ee! You don't hang around  howing off!" Pigwidgeon hooted happily, hi  head protruding over Ron'  fi t. The third-year girl  all looked very  hocked. “Clear off!” Ron  napped at them, waving the fi t holding Pigwidgeon, who hooted more happily than ever a  he  oared through the air. “Here - take it, Harry,” Ron added in an undertone a  the third-year girl   cuttled away looking  candalized. He pulled Siriu '  reply off Pigwidgeon  leg. Harry pocketed it, and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read it. Everyone in the common room wa  much too bu y in letting off more holiday  team to ob erve what anyone el e wa  up to. Ron, Harry, and Hermione  at apart from everyone el e by a dark window that wa  gradually filling up with  now, and Harry read out: Dear Harry, Congratulation  on getting pa t the Horntail. Whoever put your name in that goblet  houldn't be feeling too happy right now! I wa  going to  ugge t a Conjunctivitu  Cur e, a  a dragon'  eye  are it  weake t point - “That'  what Krum did!” Hermione whi pered - but your way wa  better, I'm impre ed. Don't get complacent, though. Harry. You've only done one ta k; whoever put you in for the tournament'  got plenty more opportunity if they're trying to hurt you. Keep your eye  open -particularly when the per on we di cu ed i  around and concentrate on keeping your elf out of trouble. Keep in touch, I  till want to hear about anything unu ual. Siriu  “He  ound  exactly like Moody,”  aid Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again in ide hi  robe . “'Con tant vigilance!' You'd think I walk around with my eye   hut, banging off the wall .…” “But he'  right, Harry,”  aid Hermione, “you have  till got two ta k  to do. You really ought to have a look at that egg, you know, and  tart working out what it mean .…” “Hermione, he'  got age !”  napped Ron. “Want a game of che , Harry?” “Yeah, okay,”  aid Harry. Then,  potting the look on Hermione'  face, he  aid, “Come on, how'm I  uppo ed to concentrate with all thi  noi e going on? I won't even be able to hear the egg over thi  lot.” “Oh I  uppo e not,”  he  ighed, and  he  at down to watch their che  match, which culminated in an exciting checkmate of Ron' , involving a couple of reckle ly brave pawn  and a very violent bi hop. Harry awoke very  uddenly on Chri tma  Day. Wondering what had cau ed hi  abrupt return to con ciou ne , he opened hi  eye , and  aw  omething with very large, round, green eye   taring back at him in the darkne ,  o clo e they were almo t no e to no e. “Dobby!” Harry yelled,  crambling away from the elf  o fa t he almo t fell out of bed. “Don't do that!” “Dobby i   orry,  ir!”  queaked Dobby anxiou ly, jumping backward with hi  long finger  over hi  mouth. “Dobby i  only wanting to wi h Harry Potter 'Merry Chri tma ' and bring him a pre ent, Sir! Harry Potter did  ay Dobby could come and  ee him  ometime ,  ir!” It'  okay,“  aid Harry,  till breathing rather fa ter than u ual, while hi  heart rate returned to normal. ”Ju t - ju t prod me or  omething in future, all right, don't bend over me like that.…" Harry pulled back the curtain  around hi  four-po ter, took hi  gla e  from hi  bed ide table, and put them on. Hi  yell had awoken Ron, Seamu , Dean, and Neville. All of them were peering through the gap  in their own hanging , heavy-eyed and tou le-haired. “Someone attacking you, Harry?” Seamu  a ked  leepily. “No, it'  ju t Dobby,” Harry muttered. “Go back to  leep.” “Nah…pre ent !”  aid Seamu ,  potting the large pile at the foot of hi  bed. Ron, Dean, and Neville decided that now they were awake they might a  well get down to  ome pre ent-opening too. Harry turned back to Dobby, who wa  now  tanding nervou ly next to Harry'  bed,  till looking worried that he had up et Harry. There wa  a Chri tma  bauble tied to the loop on top of hi  tea cozy. “Can Dobby give Harry Potter hi  pre ent?” he  queaked tentatively. “'Cour e you can,”  aid Harry. “Er…I've got  omething for you too.” It wa  a lie; he hadn't bought anything for Dobby at all, but he quickly opened hi  trunk and pulled out a particularly knobbly rolled-up pair of  ock . They were hi  olde t and foule t, mu tard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon. The rea on they were extra-knobbly wa  that Harry had been u ing them to cu hion hi  Sneako cope for over a year now. He pulled out the Sneako- cope and handed the  ock  to Dobby,  aying, “Sorry, I forgot to wrap them…” But Dobby wa  utterly delighted. “Sock  are Dobby'  favorite, favorite clothe ,  ir!” he  aid, ripping off hi  odd one  and pulling on Uncle Vernon' . “I ha   even now,  ir.…But  ir…” he  aid, hi  eye  widening, having pulled both  ock  up to their highe t extent,  o that they reached to the bottom of hi   hort , “they ha  made a mi take in the  hop, Harry Potter, they i  giving you two the  ame!” “Ah, no, Harry, how come you didn't  pot that?”  aid Ron, grinning over from hi  own bed, which wa  now  trewn with wrapping paper. “Tell you what, Dobby - here you go - take the e two, and you can mix them up properly. And here'  your  weater.” He threw Dobby a pair of violet  ock  he had ju t unwrapped, and the hand-knitted  weater Mr . Wea ley had  ent, Dobby looked quite overwhelmed. “Sir i  very kind!” he  queaked, hi  eye  brimming with tear  again, bowing deeply to Ron. “Dobby knew  ir mu t be a great wizard, for he i  Harry Potter'  greate t friend, but Dobby did not know that he wa  al o a  generou  of  pirit, a  noble, a   elfle  -” “They're only  ock ,”  aid Ron, who had gone  lightly pink around the ear , though he looked rather plea ed all the  ame. “Wow, Harry -” He had ju t opened Harry'  pre ent, a Chudley Cannon hat. “Cool!” He jammed it onto hi  head, where it cla hed horribly with hi  hair. Dobby now handed Harry a  mall package, which turned out to be -  ock . “Dobby i  making them him elf,  ir!” the elf  aid happily. “He i  buying the wool out of hi  wage ,  ir!” The left  ock wa  bright red and had a pattern of broom tick  upon it; the right  ock wa  green with a pattern of Snitche . “They're…they're really…well, thank , Dobby,”  aid Harry, and he pulled them on, cau ing Dobby'  eye  to leak with happine  again. “Dobby mu t go now,  ir, we i  already making Chri tma  dinner in the kitchen !”  aid Dobby, and he hurried out of the dormitory, waving good-bye to Ron and the other  a  he pa ed. Harry'  other pre ent  were much more  ati factory than Dobby'  odd  ock  - with the obviou  exception of the Dur ley ', which con i ted of a  ingle ti ue, an all-time low - Harry  uppo ed they too were remember ing the Ton-Tongue Toffee. Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Team  of Britain and Ireland; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbomb ; Siriu , a handy penknife with attachment  to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a va t box of  weet  including all Harry'  favorite : Bertie Bott'  Every Flavor Bean , Chocolate Frog , Drooble'  Be t Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbee . There wa  al o, of cour e, Mr . Wea ley'  u ual package, including a new  weater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it - Harry  uppo ed Charlie had told her all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pie . Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and they went down to breakfa t together. They  pent mo t of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone wa  enjoying their pre ent , then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at lea t a hundred turkey  and Chri tma  pudding , and large pile  of Cribbage'  Wizarding Cracker . They went out onto the ground  in the afternoon; the  now wa  untouched except for the deep channel  made by the Durm trang and Beauxbaton   tudent  on their way up to the ca tle. Hermione cho e to watch Harry and the Wea ley '  nowball fight rather than join in, and at five o'clock  aid  he wa  going back up tair  to get ready for the ball. “What, you need three hour ?”  aid Ron, looking at her incredulou ly and paying for hi  lap e in concentration when a large  nowball, thrown by George, hit him hard on the  ide of the head. “Who're you going with?” he yelled after Hermione, but  he ju t waved and di appeared up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle. There wa  no Chri tma  tea today, a  the ball included a fea t,  o at  even o'clock, when it had become hard to aim properly, the other  abandoned their  nowball fight and trooped back to the common room. The Fat Lady wa   itting in her frame with her friend Violet from down tair , both of them extremely tip y, empty boxe  of chocolate liqueur  littering the bottom other picture. “Lairy fight , that'  the one!”  he giggled when they gave the pa word, and  he  wung forward to let them in ide. Harry, Ron, Seamu , Dean, and Neville changed into their dre  robe  up in their dormitory, all of them looking very  elf-con ciou , but none a  much a  Ron, who  urveyed him elf in the long mirror in the corner with an appalled look on hi  face. There wa  ju t no getting around the fact that hi  robe  looked more like a dre  than anything el e. In a de perate attempt to make them look more manly, he u ed a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuff . It worked fairly well; at lea t he wa  now lace-free, although he hadn't done a very neat job, and the edge   till looked depre ingly frayed a  the boy   et off down tair . “I  till can't work out how you two got the be t-looking girl  in the year,” muttered Dean. “Animal magneti m,”  aid Ron gloomily, pulling  tray thread  out of hi  cuff . The common room looked  trange, full of people wearing different color  in tead of the u ual ma  of black. Parvati wa  waiting for Harry at the foot of the  tair . She looked very pretty indeed, in robe  of  hocking pink, with her long dark plait braided with gold, and gold bracelet  glimmering at her wri t . Harry wa  relieved to  ee that  he wa n't giggling. “You - er - look nice,” he  aid awkwardly. “Thank ,”  he  aid. “Padma'  going to meet you in the entrance hall,”  he added to Ron. “Right,”  aid Ron, looking around. “Where'  Hermione?” Parvati  hrugged. “Shall we go down then, Harry?” “Okay,”  aid Harry, wi hing he could ju t  tay in the common room. Fred winked at Harry a  he pa ed him on the way out of the portrait hole. The entrance hall wa  packed with  tudent  too, all milling around waiting for eight o'clock, when the door  to the Great Hall would be thrown open. Tho e people who were meeting partner  from different Hou e  were edging through the crowd trying to find one another. Parvati found her  i ter, Padma, and led her over to Harry and Ron. “Hi,”  aid Padma, who wa  looking ju t a  pretty a  Parvati in robe  of bright turquoi e. She didn't look too enthu ia tic about having Ron a  a partner, though; her dark eye  lingered on the frayed neck and  leeve  of hi  dre  robe  a   he looked him up and down. “Hi,”  aid Ron, not looking at her, but  taring around at the crowd. “Oh no…” He bent hi  knee   lightly to hide behind Harry, becau e Fleur Delacour wa  pa ing, looking  tunning in robe  of  ilver-gray  atin, and accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davie . When they had di appeared, Ron  tood  traight again and  tared over the head  of the crowd. “Where i  Hermione?” he  aid again. A group of Slytherin  came up the  tep  from their dungeon common room. Malfoy wa  in front; he wa  wearing dre  robe  of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry'  opinion made him look like a vicar. Pan y Parkin on in very frilly robe  of pale pink wa  clutching Malfoy'  arm. Crabbe and Goyle were both wearing green; they re embled mo -colored boulder , and neither of them, Harry wa  plea ed to  ee, had managed to find a partner. The oak front door  opened, and everyone turned to look a  the Durm trang  tudent  entered with Profe or Karkaroff. Krum wa  at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robe  Harry didn't know. Over their head  he  aw that an area of lawn right in front of the ca tle had been tran formed into a  ort of grotto full of fairy light  - meaning hundred  of actual living fairie  were  itting in the ro ebu he  that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the  tatue  of what  eemed to be Father Chri tma  and hi  reindeer. Then Profe or McGonagall'  voice called, “Champion  over here, plea e!” Parvati readju ted her bangle , beaming;  he and Harry  aid, “See you in a minute” to Ron and Padma and walked forward, the chattering crowd parting to let them through. Profe or McGonagall, who wa  wearing dre  robe  of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thi tle  around the brim other hat, told them to wait on one  ide of the door  while everyone el e went in ide; they were to enter the Great Hall in proce ion when the re t of the  tudent  had  at down. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davie   tationed them elve  neare t the door ; Davie  looked  o  tunned by hi  good fortune in having Fleur for a partner that he could hardly take hi  eye  off her. Cedric and Cho were clo e to Harry too; he looked away from them  o he wouldn't have to talk to them. Hi  eye  fell in tead on the girl next to Krum. Hi  jaw dropped. It wa  Hermione. But  he didn't look like Hermione at all. She had done  omething with her hair; it wa  no longer bu hy but  leek and  hiny, and twi ted up into an elegant knot at the back of her head. She wa  wearing robe  made of a floaty, periwinkle-blue material, and  he wa  holding her elf differently,  omehow - or maybe it wa  merely the ab ence of the twenty or  o book   he u ually had  lung over her back. She wa  al o  miling - rather nervou ly, it wa  true - but the reduction in the  ize of her front teeth wa  more noticeable than ever; Harry couldn't under tand how he hadn't  potted it before. “Hi, Harry!”  he  aid. “Hi, Parvati!” Parvati wa  gazing at Hermione in unflattering di belief. She wa n't the only one either; when the door  to the Great Hall opened, Krum'  fan club from the library  talked pa t, throwing Hermione look  of deepe t loathing. Pan y Parkin on gaped at her a   he walked by with Malfoy, and even he didn't  eem to be able to find an in ult to throw at her. Ron, however, walked right pa t Hermione without looking at her. Once everyone el e wa   ettled in the Hall, Profe or McGonagall told the champion  and their partner  to get in line in pair  and to follow her. They did  o, and everyone in the Great Hall applauded a  they entered and  tarted walking up toward a large round table at the top of the Hall, where the judge  were  itting. The wall  of the Hall had all been covered in  parkling  ilver fro t, with hundred  of garland  of mi tletoe and ivy cro ing the  tarry black ceiling. The Hou e table  had vani hed; in tead, there were about a hundred  maller, lantern-lit one , each  eating about a dozen people. Harry concentrated on not tripping over hi  feet. Parvati  eemed to be enjoying her elf;  he wa  beaming around at everybody,  teering Harry  o forcefully that he felt a  though he were a  how dog  he wa  putting through it  pace . He caught  ight of Ron and Padma a  he neared the top table. Ron wa  watching Hermione pa  with narrowed eye . Padma wa  looking  ulky. Dumbledore  miled happily a  the champion  approached the top table, but Karkaroff wore an expre ion remarkably like Ron'  a  he watched Krum and Hermione draw nearer. Ludo Bagman, tonight in robe  of bright purple with large yellow  tar , wa  clapping a  enthu ia tically a  any of the  tudent ; and Madame Maxime, who had changed her u ual uniform of black  atin for a flowing gown of lavender  ilk, wa  applauding them politely. But Mr. Crouch, Harry  uddenly realized, wa  not there. The fifth  eat at the table wa  occupied by Percy Wea ley. When the champion  and their partner  reached the table, Percy drew out the empty chair be ide him,  taring pointedly at Harry. Harry took the hint and  at down next to Percy, who wa  wearing brand-new, navy-blue dre  robe  and an expre ion of  uch  mugne  that Harry thought it ought to be fined. “I've been promoted,” Percy  aid before Harry could even a k, and from hi  tone, he might have been announcing hi  election a   upreme ruler of the univer e. “I'm now Mr. Crouch'  per onal a i tant, and I'm here repre enting him.” “Why didn't he come?” Harry a ked. He wa n't looking forward to being lectured on cauldron bottom  all through dinner. “I'm afraid to  ay Mr. Crouch i n't well, not well at all. Ha n't been right  ince the World Cup. Hardly  urpri ing - overwork. He'  not a  young a  he wa  - though  till quite brilliant, of cour e, the mind remain  a  great a  it ever wa . But the World Cup wa  a fia co for the whole Mini try, and then, Mr. Crouch  uffered a huge per onal  hock with the mi behavior of that hou e-elf of hi , Blinky, or whatever  he wa  called. Naturally, he di mi ed her immediately afterward, but - well, a  I  ay, he'  getting on, he need  looking after, and I think he'  found a definite drop in hi  home comfort   ince  he left. And then we had the tournament to arrange, and the aftermath of the Cup to deal with - that revolting Skeeter woman buzzing around - no, poor man, he'  having a well earned, quiet Chri tma . I'm ju t glad he knew he had  omeone he could rely upon to take hi  place.” Harry wanted very much to a k whether Mr. Crouch had  topped calling Percy “Weatherby” yet, but re i ted the temptation. There wa  no food a  yet on the glittering golden plate , but  mall menu  were lying in front of each of them. Harry picked hi  up uncertainly and looked around - there were no waiter . Dumbledore, however, looked carefully down at hi  own menu, then  aid very clearly to hi  plate, “Pork chop !” And pork chop  appeared. Getting the idea, the re t of the table placed their order  with their plate  too. Harry glanced up at Hermione to  ee how  he felt about thi  new and more complicated method of dining -  urely it meant plenty of extra work for the hou e-elve ? - but for once, Hermione didn't  eem to be thinking about S.P.E.W. She wa  deep in talk with Viktor Krum and hardly  eemed to notice what  he wa  eating. It now occurred to Harry that he had never actually heard Krum  peak before, but he wa  certainly talking now, and very enthu ia tically at that. “Veil, ve have a ca tle al o, not a  big a  thi , nor a  comfortable, I am thinking,” he wa  telling Hermione. “Ve have ju t four floor , and the fire  are lit only for magical purpo e . But ve have ground  larger even than the e - though in vinter, ve have very little daylight,  o ve are not enjoying them. But in  ummer ve are flying every day, over the lake  and the mountain  -” “Now, now, Viktor!”  aid Karkaroff with a laugh that didn't reach hi  cold eye , “don't go giving away anything el e, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find u !” Dumbledore  miled, hi  eye  twinkling. “Igor, all thi   ecrecy, one would almo t think you didn't want vi itor .” “Well, Dumbledore,”  aid Karkaroff, di playing hi  yellowing teeth to their fulle t extent, “we are all protective of our private domain , are we not? Do we not jealou ly guard the hall  of learning that have been entru ted to u ? Are we not right to be proud that we alone know our  chool'   ecret , and right to protect them?” “Oh I would never dream of a uming I know all Hogwart '  ecret , Igor,”  aid Dumbledore amicably. “Only thi  morning, for in tance, I took a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and found my elf in a beautifully proportioned room I have never  een before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pot . When I went back to inve tigate more clo ely, I di covered that the room had vani hed. But I mu t keep an eye out for it. Po ibly it i  only acce ible at five-thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the  eeker ha  an exceptionally full bladder.” Harry  norted into hi  plate of goula h. Percy frowned, but Harry could have  worn Dumbledore had given him a very  mall wink. Meanwhile Fleur Delacour wa  criticizing the Hogwart  decoration  to Roger Davie . “Zi  i  nothing,”  he  aid di mi ively, looking around at the  parkling wall  of the Great Hall. “At ze Palace of Beauxbaton , we 'ave ice  culpture  all around ze dining chamber at Chree tma . Zey do not melt, of cour e…zey are like 'uge  tatue  of diamond, glittering around ze place. And ze food i   eemply  uperb. And we 'ave choir  of wood nymph , 'oo  erenade u  a  we eat. We 'ave none of zi  ugly armor in ze 'all , and eef a poltergei t ever entaired into Beauxbaton , 'e would be expelled like zat.” She  lapped her hand onto the table impatiently. Roger Davie  wa  watching her talk with a very dazed look on hi  face, and he kept mi ing hi  mouth with hi  fork. Harry had the impre ion that Davie  wa  too bu y  taring at Fleur to take in a word  he wa   aying. “Ab olutely right,” he  aid quickly,  lapping hi  own hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur. “Like that. Yeah.” Harry looked around the Hall. Hagrid wa   itting at one of the other  taff table ; he wa  back in hi  horrible hairy brown  uit and gazing up at the top table. Harry  aw him give a  mall wave, and looking around,  aw Madame Maxime return it, her opal  glittering in the candlelight. Hermione wa  now teaching Krum to  ay her name properly; he kept calling her “Hermy-own.” “Her-my-oh-nee,”  he  aid  lowly and clearly. “Herm-own-ninny.” “Clo e enough,”  he  aid, catching Harry'  eye and grinning. When all the food had been con umed, Dumbledore  tood up and a ked the  tudent  to do the  ame. Then, with a wave of hi  wand, all the table  zoomed back along the wall  leaving the floor clear, and then he conjured a rai ed platform into exi tence along the right wall. A  et of drum ,  everal guitar , a lute, a cello, and  ome bagpipe  were  et upon it. The Weird Si ter  now trooped up onto the  tage to wildly enthu ia tic applau e; they were all extremely hairy and dre ed in black robe  that had been artfully ripped and torn. They picked up their in trument , and Harry, who had been  o intere ted in watching them that he had almo t forgotten what wa  coming,  uddenly realized that the lantern  on all the other table  had gone out, and that the other champion  and their partner  were  tanding up. “Come on!” Parvati hi ed. “We're  uppo ed to dance!” Harry tripped over hi  dre  robe  a  he  tood up. The Weird Si ter   truck up a  low, mournful tune; Harry walked onto the brightly lit dance floor, carefully avoiding catching anyone'  eye (he could  ee Seamu  and Dean waving at him and  niggering), and next moment, Parvati had  eized hi  hand , placed one around her wai t, and wa  holding the other tightly in her . It wa n't a  bad a  it could have been. Harry thought, revolving  lowly on the  pot (Parvati wa   teering). He kept hi  eye  fixed over the head  of the watching people, and very  oon many of them too had come onto the dance floor,  o that the champion  were no longer the center of attention. Neville and Ginny were dancing nearby - he could  ee Ginny wincing frequently a  Neville trod on her feet - and Dumbledore wa  waltzing with Madame Maxime. He wa   o dwarfed by her that the top of hi  pointed hat barely tickled her chin; however,  he moved very gracefully for a woman  o large. Mad-Eye Moody wa  doing an extremely ungainly two- tep with Profe or Sini tra, who wa  nervou ly avoiding hi  wooden leg. “Nice  ock . Potter,” Moody growled a  he pa ed, hi  magical eye  taring through Harry'  robe . “Oh - yeah, Dobby the hou e-elf knitted them for me,”  aid Harry, grinning. “He i   o creepy!” Parvati whi pered a  Moody clunked away. “I don't think that eye  hould be allowed.” Harry heard the final, quavering note from the bagpipe with relief. The Weird Si ter   topped playing, applau e filled the hall once more, and Harry let go of Parvati at once. “Let'   it down,  hall we?” “Oh - but - thi  i  a really good one!” Parvati  aid a  the Weird Si ter   truck up a new  ong, which wa  much fa ter. “No, I don't like it,” Harry lied, and he led her away from the dance floor, pa t Fred and Angelina, who were dancing  o exhuberantly that people around them were backing away in fear of injury, and over to the table where Ron and Padma were  itting. “How'  it going?” Harry a ked Ron,  itting down and opening a bottle of butterbeer. Ron didn't an wer. He wa  glaring at Hermione and Krum, who were dancing nearby. Padma wa   itting with her arm  and leg  cro ed, one foot jiggling in time to the mu ic. Every now and then  he threw a di gruntled look at Ron, who wa  completely ignoring her. Parvati  at down on Harry'  other  ide, cro ed her arm  and leg  too, and within minute  wa  a ked to dance by a boy from Beauxbaton . “You don't mind, do you, Harry?” Parvati  aid. “What?”  aid Harry, who wa  now watching Cho and Cedric. “Oh never mind,”  napped Parvati, and  he went off with the boy from Beauxbaton . When the  ong ended,  he did not return. Hermione came over and  at down in Parvati'  empty chair. She wa  a bit pink in the face from dancing. “Hi,”  aid Harry. Ron didn't  ay anything. “It'  hot, i n't it?”  aid Hermione, fanning her elf with her hand. “Viktor'  ju t gone to get  ome drink .” Ron gave her a withering look. “Viktor?” he  aid. “Ha n't he a ked you to call him Vicky yet?” Hermione looked at him in  urpri e. “What'  up with you?”  he  aid. “If you don't know,”  aid Ron  cathingly, “I'm not going to tell you.” Hermione  tared at him, then at Harry, who  hrugged. “Ron, what -?” “He'  from Durm trang!”  pat Ron. “He'  competing again t Harry! Again t Hogwart ! You - you're -” Ron wa  obviou ly ca ting around for word   trong enough to de cribe Hermione'  crime, “fraternizing with the enemy, that'  what you're doing!” Hermione'  mouth fell open. “Don't be  o  tupid!”  he  aid after a moment. “The enemy! Hone tly - who wa  the one who wa  all excited when they  aw him arrive? Who wa  the one who wanted hi  autograph? Who'  got a model of him up in their dormitory?” Ron cho e to ignore thi . “I  'po e he a ked you to come with him while you were both in the library?” “Ye , he did,”  aid Hermione, the pink patche  on her cheek  glowing more brightly. “So what?” “What happened - trying to get him to join  pew, were you?” “No, I wa n't! If you really want to know, he - he  aid he'd been coming up to the library every day to try and talk to me, but he hadn't been able to pluck up the courage!” Hermione  aid thi  very quickly, and blu hed  o deeply that  he wa  the  ame color a  Parvati'  robe . “Yeah, well - that'  hi   tory,”  aid Ron na tily. “And what'  that  uppo ed to mean?” “Obviou , i n't it? He'  Karkaroff'   tudent, i n't he? He know  who you hang around with.…He'  ju t trying to get clo er to Harry - get in ide information on him - or get near enough to jinx him -” Hermione looked a  though Ron had  lapped her. When  he  poke, her voice quivered. “For your information, he ha n't a ked me one  ingle thing about Harry, not one -” Ron changed tack at the  peed of light. “Then he'  hoping you'll help him find out what hi  egg mean ! I  uppo e you've been putting your head  together during tho e cozy little library  e ion  -” “I'd never help him work out that egg!”  aid Hermione, looking outraged. “Never. How could you  ay  omething like that - I want Harry to win the tournament. Harry know  that, don't you, Harry?” “You've got a funny way of  howing it,”  neered Ron. “Thi  whole tournament'   uppo ed to be about getting to know foreign wizard  and making friend  with them!”  aid Hermione hotly. “No it i n't!”  houted Ron. “It'  about winning!” People were  tarting to  tare at them. “Ron,”  aid Harry quietly, “I haven't got a problem with Hermione coming with Krum -” But Ron ignored Harry too. “Why don't you go and find Vicky, he'll be wondering where you are,”  aid Ron. “Don't call him Vicky!” Hermione jumped to her feet and  tormed off acro  the dance floor, di appearing into the crowd. Ron watched her go with a mixture of anger and  ati faction on hi  face. “Are you going to a k me to dance at all?” Padma a ked him. “No,”  aid Ron,  till glaring after Hermione. “Fine,”  napped Padma, and  he got up and went to join Parvati and the Beauxbaton  boy, who conjured up one of hi  friend  to join them  o fa t that Harry could have  worn he had zoomed him there by a Summoning Charm. “Vare i  Herm-own-ninny?”  aid a voice. Krum had ju t arrived at their table clutching two butterbeer . “No idea,”  aid Ron muli hly, looking up at him. “Lo t her, have you?” Krum wa  looking  urly again. “Veil, if you  ee her, tell her I haff drink ,” he  aid, and he  louched off. “Made friend  with Viktor Krum, have you, Ron?” Percy had bu tled over, rubbing hi  hand  together and looking extremely pompou . “Excellent! That'  the whole point, you know - international magical cooperation!” To Harry'  di plea ure, Percy now took Padma'  vacated  eat. The top table wa  now empty; Profe or Dumbledore wa  dancing with Profe or Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Profe or McGonagall; Madame Maxime and Hagrid were cutting a wide path around the dance floor a  they waltzed through the  tudent , and Karkaroff wa  nowhere to be  een. When the next  ong ended, everybody applauded once more, and Harry  aw Ludo Bagman ki  Profe or McGonagall'  hand and make hi  way back through the crowd , at which point Fred and George acco ted him. “What do they think they're doing, annoying  enior Mini try member ?” Percy hi ed, watching Fred and George  u piciou ly. “No re pect…” Ludo Bagman  hook off Fred and George fairly quickly, however, and,  potting Harry, waved and came over to their table. “I hope my brother  weren't bothering you, Mr. Bagman?”  aid Percy at once. “What? Oh not at all, not at all!”  aid Bagman. “No, they were ju t telling me a bit more about tho e fake wand  of their . Wondering if I could advi e them on the marketing. I've promi ed to put them in touch with a couple of contact  of mine at Zonko'  Joke Shop.…” Percy didn't look happy about thi  at all, and Harry wa  prepared to bet he would be ru hing to tell Mr . Wea ley about thi  the moment he got home. Apparently Fred and George'  plan  had grown even more ambitiou  lately, if they were hoping to  ell to the public. Bagman opened hi  mouth to a k Harry  omething, but Percy diverted him. “How do you feel the tournament'  going, Mr. Bagman? Our department'  quite  ati fied - the hitch with the Goblet of Fire” - he glanced at Harry - “wa  a little unfortunate, of cour e, but it  eem  to have gone very  moothly  ince, don't you think?” “Oh ye ,” Bagman  aid cheerfully, “it'  all been enormou  fun. How'  old Barty doing? Shame he couldn't come.” “Oh I'm  ure Mr. Crouch will be up and about in no time,”  aid Percy importantly, “but in the meantime, I'm more than willing to take up the  lack. Of cour e, it'  not all attending ball ” - he laughed airily - “oh no, I've had to deal with all  ort  of thing  that have cropped up in hi  ab ence - you heard Ali Ba hir wa  caught  muggling a con ignment of flying carpet  into the country? And then we've been trying to per uade the Tran ylvanian  to  ign the International Ban on Dueling. I've got a meeting with their Head of Magical Cooperation in the new year -” “Let'  go for a walk,” Ron muttered to Harry, “get away from Percy.…” Pretending they wanted more drink . Harry and Ron left the table, edged around the dance floor, and  lipped out into the entrance hall. The front door   tood open, and the fluttering fairy light  in the ro e garden winked and twinkled a  they went down the front  tep , where they found them elve   urrounded by bu he ; winding, ornamental path ; and large  tone  tatue . Harry could hear  pla hing water, which  ounded like a fountain. Here and there, people were  itting on carved benche . He and Ron  et off along one of the winding path  through the ro ebu he , but they had gone only a  hort way when they heard an unplea antly familiar voice. “…don't  ee what there i  to fu  about, Igor.” “Severu , you cannot pretend thi  i n't happening!” Karkaroff  voice  ounded anxiou  and hu hed, a  though keen not to be overheard. “It'  been getting clearer and clearer for month . I am becoming  eriou ly concerned, I can't deny it -” “Then flee,”  aid Snape'  voice curtly. “Flee - I will make your excu e . I, however, am remaining at Hogwart .” Snape and Karkaroff came around the corner. Snape had hi  wand out and wa  bla ting ro ebu he  apart, hi  expre ion mo t ill-natured. Squeal  i ued from many of the bu he , and dark  hape  emerged from them. “Ten point  from Ravenclaw, Fawcett!” Snape  narled a  a girl ran pa t him. “And ten point  from Hufflepuff too, Stebbin !” a  a boy went ru hing after her. “And what are you two doing?” he added, catching  ight of Harry and Ron on the path ahead. Karkaroff, Harry  aw, looked  lightly di compo ed to  ee them  tanding there. Hi  hand went nervou ly to hi  goatee, and he began winding it around hi  finger. “We re walking,” Ron told Snape  hortly. “Not again t the law, i  it?” “Keep walking, then!” Snape  narled, and he bru hed pa t them, hi  long black cloak billowing out behind him. Karkaroff hurried away after Snape. Harry and Ron continued down the path. “What'  got Karkaroff all worried?” Ron muttered. “And  ince when have he and Snape been on fir t-name term ?” aid Harry  lowly. They had reached a large  tone reindeer now, over which they could  ee the  parkling jet  of a tall fountain. The  hadowy outline  of two enormou  people were vi ible on a  tone bench, watching the water in the moonlight. And then Harry heard Hagrid  peak. “Momen' I  aw yeh, I knew,” he wa   aying, in an oddly hu ky voice. Harry and Ron froze. Thi  didn't  ound like the  ort of  cene they ought to walk in on,  omehow.…Harry looked around, back up the path, and  aw Fleur Delacour and Roger Davie   tanding half-concealed in a ro ebu h nearby. He tapped Ron on the  houlder and jerked hi  head toward them, meaning that they could ea ily  neak off that way without being noticed (Fleur and Davie  looked very bu y to Harry), but Ron, eye  widening in horror at the  ight of Fleur,  hook hi  head vigorou ly, and pulled Harry deeper into the  hadow  behind the reindeer. “What did you know, 'Agrid?”  aid Madame Maxime, a purr in her low voice. Harry definitely didn't want to li ten to thi ; he knew Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a  ituation like thi  (he certainly would have) - if it had been po ible he would have put hi  finger  in hi  ear  and hummed loudly, but that wa n't really an option. In tead he tried to intere t him elf in a beetle crawling along the  tone reindeer'  back, but the beetle ju t wa n't intere ting enough to block out Hagrid'  next word . “I ju ' knew…knew you were like me.…Wa  it yer mother or yer father?” “I - I don't know what you mean, 'Agrid.…” “It wa  my mother,”  aid Hagrid quietly. “She wa  one o' the la ' one  in Britain. 'Cour e, I can' remember her too well… he left,  ee. When I wa  abou' three. She wa n' really the maternal  ort. Well…it'  not in their nature , i  it? Dunno what happened to her…might be dead fer all I know.…” Madame Maxime didn't  ay anything. And Harry, in  pite of him elf, took hi  eye  off the beetle and looked over the top of the reindeer'  antler , li tening.…He had never heard Hagrid talk about hi  childhood before. “Me dad wa  broken-hearted when  he wen'. Tiny little bloke, my dad wa . By the time I wa   ix I could lift him up an' put him on top o' the dre er if he annoyed me. U ed ter make him laugh.…”Hagrid'  deep voice broke. Madame Maxime wa  li tening, motionle , apparently  taring at the  ilvery fountain. “Dad rai ed me…but he died, o' cour e, ju ' after I  tarted  chool. Sorta had ter make me own way after that. Dumbledore wa  a real help, mind. Very kind ter me, he wa .…” Hagrid pulled out a large  potted  ilk handkerchief and blew hi  no e heavily. “So…anyway…enough abou' me. What about you? Which  ide you got it on?” But Madame Maxime had  uddenly got to her feet. “It i  chilly,”  he  aid - but whatever the weather wa  doing, it wa  nowhere near a  cold a  her voice. “I think I will go in now.” “Eh?”  aid Hagrid blankly. “No, don go! I've - I've never met another one before!” “Anuzzer what, preci ely?”  aid Madame Maxime, her tone icy. Harry could have told Hagrid it wa  be t not to an wer; he  tood there in the  hadow  gritting hi  teeth, hoping again t hope he wouldn't - but it wa  no good. “Another half-giant, o' cour e!”  aid Hagrid. “'Ow dare you!”  hrieked Madame Maxime. Her voice exploded through the peaceful night air like a foghorn; behind him. Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall out of their ro ebu h. “I 'ave nevair been more in ulted in my life! 'Alf-giant? Moi? I 'ave - I 'ave big bone !” She  tormed away; great multicolored  warm  of fairie  ro e into the air a   he pa ed, angrily pu hing a ide bu he . Hagrid wa   till  itting on the bench,  taring after her. It wa  much too dark to make out hi  expre ion. Then, after about a minute, he  tood up and  trode away, not back to the ca tle, but off out into the dark ground  in the direction of hi  cabin. “C'mon,” Harry  aid, very quietly to Ron. “Let'  go.…” But Ron didn't move. “What'  up?”  aid Harry, looking at him. Ron looked around at Harry, hi  expre ion very  eriou  indeed. “Did you know?” he whi pered. “About Hagrid being half-giant?” “No,” Harry  aid,  hrugging. “So what?” He knew immediately, from the look Ron wa  giving him, that he wa  once again revealing hi  ignorance of the wizarding world. Brought up by the Dur ley , there were many thing  that wizard  took for granted that were revelation  to Harry, but the e  urpri e  had become fewer with each  ucce ive year. Now, however, he could tell that mo t wizard  would not have  aid “So what?” upon finding out that one of their friend  had a giante  for a mother. “I'll explain in ide,”  aid Ron quietly, “c'mon….” Fleur and Roger Davie  had di appeared, probably into a more private clump of bu he . Harry and Ron returned to the Great Hall. Parvati and Padma were now  itting at a di tant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbaton  boy , and Hermione wa  once more dancing with Krum. Harry and Ron  at down at a table far removed from the dance floor. “So?” Harry prompted Ron. “What'  the problem with giant ?” “Well, they're…they're…” Ron  truggled for word . “…not very nice,” he fini hed lamely. “Who care ?” Harry  aid. “There'  nothing wrong with Hagrid!” “I know there i n't, but…blimey, no wonder he keep  it quiet,” Ron  aid,  haking hi  head. “I alway  thought he'd got in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when he wa  a kid or  omething. Didn't like to mention it.…” “But what'  it matter if hi  mother wa  a giante ?”  aid Harry. “Well…no one who know  him will care, 'co  they'll know he'  not dangerou ,”  aid Ron  lowly. “But…Harry, they're ju t viciou , giant . It'  like Hagrid  aid, it'  in their nature , they're like troll …they ju t like killing, everyone know  that. There aren't any left in Britain now, though.” “What happened to them?” “Well, they were dying out anyway, and then load  got them elve  killed by Auror . There're  uppo ed to be giant  abroad, though.…They hide out in mountain  mo tly.…” “I don't know who Maxime think   he'  kidding,” Harry  aid, watching Madame Maxime  itting alone at the judge ' table, looking very  omber. “If Hagrid'  half-giant,  he definitely i . Big bone .…the only thing that'  got bigger bone  than her i  a dino aur.” Harry and Ron  pent the re t of the ball di cu ing giant  in their corner, neither of them having any inclination to dance. Harry tried not to watch Cho and Cedric too much; it gave him a  trong de ire to kick  omething. When the Weird Si ter  fini hed playing at midnight, everyone gave them a la t, loud round of applau e and  tarted to wend their way into the entrance hall. Many people were expre ing the wi h that the ball could have gone on longer, but Harry wa  perfectly happy to be going to bed; a  far a  he wa  concerned, the evening hadn't been much fun. Out in the entrance hall, Harry and Ron  aw Hermione  aying good night to Krum before he went back to the Durm trang  hip. She gave Ron a very cold look and  wept pa t him up the marble  tairca e without  peaking. Harry and Ron followed her, but halfway up the  tairca e Harry heard  omeone calling him. “Hey-Harry!” It wa  Cedric Diggory. Harry could  ee Cho waiting for him in the entrance hall below. “Yeah?”  aid Harry coldly a  Cedric ran up the  tair  toward him. Cedric looked a  though he didn't want to  ay whatever it wa  in front of Ron, who  hrugged, looking bad-tempered, and continued to climb the  tair . “Li ten…” Cedric lowered hi  voice a  Ron di appeared. “I owe you one for telling me about the dragon . You know that golden egg? Doe  your  wail when you open it?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Well…take a bath, okay?” “What?” “Take a bath, and - er - take the egg with you, and - er - ju t mull thing  over in the hot water. It'll help you think.…Tru t me.” Harry  tared at him. “Tell you what,” Cedric  aid, “u e the prefect ' bathroom. Fourth door to the left of that  tatue of Bori  the Bewildered on the fifth floor. Pa word'  'pine fre h.' Gotta go…want to  ay good night -” He grinned at Harry again and hurried back down the  tair  to Cho. Harry walked back to Gryffindor Tower alone. That had been extremely  trange advice. Why would a bath help him to work out what the wailing egg meant? Wa  Cedric pulling hi  leg? Wa  he trying to make Harry look like a fool,  o Cho would like him even more by compari on? The Fat Lady and her friend Vi were  noozing in the picture over the portrait hole. Harry had to yell “Fairy light !” before he woke them up, and when he did, they were extremely irritated. He climbed into the common room and found Ron and Hermione having a blazing row. Standing ten feet apart, they were bellowing at each other, each  carlet in the face. “Well, if you don't like it, you know what the  olution i , don't you?” yelled Hermione; her hair wa  coming down out of it  elegant bun now, and her face wa   crewed up in anger. “Oh yeah?” Ron yelled back. “What'  that?” “Next time there'  a ball, a k me before  omeone el e doe , and not a  a la t re ort!” Ron mouthed  oundle ly like a goldfi h out of water a  Hermione turned on her heel and  tormed up the girl '  tairca e to bed. Ron turned to look at Harry. “Well,” he  puttered, looking thunder truck, “well - that ju t prove  - completely mi ed the point -” Harry didn't  ay anything. He liked being back on  peaking term  with Ron too much to  peak hi  mind right now - but he  omehow thought that Hermione had gotten the point much better than Ron had. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR RITA SKEETER'S SCOOP E verybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor common room wa  much quieter than it had been lately, many yawn  punctuating the lazy conver ation . Hermione'  hair wa  bu hy again;  he confe ed to Harry that  he had u ed liberal amount  of Sleekeazy'  Hair Potion on it for the ball, “but it'  way too much bother to do every day,”  he  aid matter-of-factly,  cratching a purring Crook hank  behind the ear . Ron and Hermione  eemed to have reached an un poken agreement not to di cu  their argument. They were being quite friendly to each other, though oddly formal. Ron and Harry wa ted no time in telling Hermione about the conver ation they had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn't  eem to find the new  that Hagrid wa  a half-giant nearly a   hocking a  Ron did. “Well, I thought he mu t be,”  he  aid,  hrugging. “I knew he couldn't be pure giant becau e they're about twenty feet tall. But hone tly, all thi  hy teria about giant . They can't all be horrible.…It'  the  ame  ort of prejudice that people have toward werewolve .…It'  ju t bigotry, i n't it?” Ron looked a  though he would have liked to reply  cathingly, but perhap  he didn't want another row, becau e he contented him elf with  haking hi  head di believingly while Hermione wa n't looking. It wa  time now to think of the homework they had neglected during the fir t week of the holiday . Everybody  eemed to be feeling rather flat now that Chri tma  wa  over - everybody except Harry, that i , who wa   tarting (once again) to feel  lightly nervou . The trouble wa  that February the twenty-fourth looked a lot clo er from thi   ide of Chri tma , and he  till hadn't done anything about working out the clue in ide the golden egg. He therefore  tarted taking the egg out of hi  trunk every time he went up to the dormitory, opening it, and li tening intently, hoping that thi  time it would make  ome  en e. He  trained to think what the  ound reminded him of, apart from thirty mu ical  aw , but he had never heard anything el e like it. He clo ed the egg,  hook it vigorou ly, and opened it again to  ee if the  ound had changed, but it hadn't. He tried a king the egg que tion ,  houting over all the wailing, but nothing happened. He even threw the egg acro  the room - though he hadn't really expected that to help. Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had given him, but hi  le -than-friendly feeling  toward Cedric ju t now meant that he wa  keen not to take hi  help if he could avoid it. In any ca e, it  eemed to him that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, he would have been a lot more explicit. He, Harry, had told Cedric exactly what wa  coming in the fir t ta k - and Cedric'  idea of a fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath. Well, he didn't need that  ort of rubbi hy help - not from  omeone who kept walking down corridor  hand in hand with Cho, anyway. And  o the fir t day of the new term arrived, and Harry  et off to le on , weighed down with book , parchment, and quill  a  u ual, but al o with the lurking worry of the egg heavy in hi   tomach, a  though he were carrying that around with him too. Snow wa   till thick upon the ground , and the greenhou e window  were covered in conden ation  o thick that they couldn't  ee out of them in Herbology. Nobody wa  looking forward to Care of Magical Creature  much in thi  weather, though a  Ron  aid, the  krewt  would probably warm them up nicely, either by cha ing them, or bla ting off  o forcefully that Hagrid'  cabin would catch fire. When they arrived at Hagrid '  cabin, however, they found an elderly witch with clo ely cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin  tanding before hi  front door. “Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minute  ago,”  he barked at them a  they  truggled toward her through the  now. “Who're you?”  aid Ron,  taring at her. “Where'  Hagrid?” “My name i  Profe or Grubbly-Plank,”  he  aid bri kly. “I am your temporary Care of Magical Creature  teacher.” “Where'  Hagrid?” Harry repeated loudly. “He i  indi po ed,”  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank  hortly. Soft and unplea ant laughter reached Harry'  ear . He turned; Draco Malfoy and the re t of the Slytherin  were joining the cla . All of them looked gleeful, and none of them looked  urpri ed to  ee Profe or Grubbly-Plank. “Thi  way, plea e,”  aid Profe or Grubbly-Plank, and  he  trode off around the paddock where the Beauxbaton  hor e  were  hivering. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed her, looking back over their  houlder  at Hagrid'  cabin. All the curtain  were clo ed. Wa  Hagrid in there, alone and ill? “What'  wrong with Hagrid?” Harry  aid, hurrying to catch up with Profe or Grubbly-Plank. “Never you mind,”  he  aid a  though  he thought he wa  being no y. “I do mind, though,”  aid Harry hotly. “What'  up with him?” Profe or Grubbly-Plank acted a  though  he couldn't hear him. She led them pa t the paddock where the huge Beauxbaton  hor e  were  tanding, huddled again t the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the fore t, where a large and beautiful unicorn wa  tethered. Many of the girl  “ooooohed!” at the  ight of the unicorn. “Oh it'   o beautiful!” whi pered Lavender Brown. “How did  he get it? They're  uppo ed to be really hard to catch!” The unicorn wa   o brightly white it made the  now all around look gray. It wa  pawing the ground nervou ly with it  golden hoove  and throwing back it  horned head. “Boy  keep back!” barked Profe or Grubbly-Plank, throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the che t. “They prefer the woman'  touch, unicorn . Girl  to the front, and approach with care, come on, ea y doe  it.…” She and the girl  walked  lowly forward toward the unicorn, leaving the boy   tanding near the paddock fence, watching. The moment Profe or Grubbly-Plank wa  out of ear hot. Harry turned to Ron. “What d'you reckon  wrong with him? You don't think a  krewt -?” “Oh he ha n't been attacked, Potter, if that'  what you're thinking,”  aid Malfoy  oftly. “No, he'  ju t too a hamed to  how hi  big, ugly face.” “What d'you mean?”  aid Harry  harply. Malfoy put hi  hand in ide the pocket of hi  robe  and pulled out a folded page of new print. “There you go,” he  aid. “Hate to break it to you. Potter.…” He  mirked a  Harry  natched the page, unfolded it, and read it, with Ron, Seamu , Dean, and Neville looking over hi   houlder. It wa  an article topped with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely  hifty. DUMBLEDORE'S GIANT MISTAKE Albu  Dumbledore, eccentric Headma ter of Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, ha  never been afraid to make controver ial  taff appointment , write  Rita Skeeter, Special Corre pondent. In September of thi  year, he hired Ala tor “Mad-Eye” Moody, the notoriou ly jinx-happy ex-Auror, to teach Defen e Again t the Dark Art , a deci ion that cau ed many rai ed eyebrow  at the Mini try of Magic, given Moody'  well-known habit of attacking anybody who make  a  udden movement in hi  pre ence. Mad-Eye Moody, however, look  re pon ible and kindly when  et be ide the part-human Dumbledore employ  to teach Care of Magical Creature . Rubeu  Hagrid, who admit  to being expelled from Hogwart  in hi  third year, ha  enjoyed the po ition of gamekeeper at the  chool ever  ince, a job  ecured for him by Dumbledore. La t year, however, Hagrid u ed hi  my teriou  influence over the headma ter to  ecure the additional po t of Care of Magical Creature  teacher, over the head  of many better-qualified candidate . An alarmingly large and ferociou -looking man, Hagrid ha  been u ing hi  newfound authority to terrify the  tudent  in hi  care with a  ucce ion of horrific creature . While Dumbledore turn  a blind eye, Hagrid ha  maimed  everal pupil  during a  erie  of le on  that many admit to being “very frightening.” 'I wa  attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm,“  ay  Draco Malfoy, a fourth-year  tudent. ”We all hate Hagrid, but we're ju t too  cared to  ay anything." Hagrid ha  no intention of cea ing hi  campaign of intimidation, however. In conver ation with a Daily Prophet reporter la t month, he admitted breeding creature  he ha  dubbed “Bla t-Ended Skrewt ,” highly dangerou  cro e  between manti-core  and fire-crab . The creation of new breed  of magical creature i , of cour e, an activity u ually clo ely ob erved by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature . Hagrid, however, con ider  him elf to be above  uch petty re triction . “I wa  ju t having  ome fun,” he  ay , before ha tily changing the  ubject. A  if thi  were not enough, the Daily Prophet ha  now unearthed evidence that Hagrid i  not - a  he ha  alway  pretended - a pure-blood wizard. He i  not, in fact, even pure human. Hi  mother, we can exclu ively reveal, i  none other than the giante  Fridwulfa, who e whereabout  are currently unknown. Bloodthir ty and brutal, the giant  brought them elve  to the point of extinction by warring among t them elve  during the la t century. The handful that remained joined the rank  of He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named, and were re pon ible for  ome of the wor t ma  Muggle killing  of hi  reign of terror. While many of the giant  who  erved He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named were killed by Auror  working again t the Dark Side, Fridwulfa wa  not among them. It i  po ible  he e caped to one of the giant communitie   till exi ting in foreign mountain range . If hi  antic  during Care of Magical Creature  le on  are any guide, however, Frid-wulfa'   on appear  to have inherited her brutal nature. In a bizarre twi t, Hagrid i  reputed to have developed a clo e friend hip with the boy who brought around You-Know-Who'  fall from power - thereby driving Hagrid'  own mother, like the re t of You-Know-Who'   upporter , into hiding. Perhap  Harry Potter i  unaware of the unplea ant truth about hi  large friend - but Albu  Dumbledore  urely ha  a duty to en ure that Harry Potter, along with hi  fellow  tudent , i  warned about the danger  of a ociating with part-giant . Harry fini hed reading and looked up at Ron, who e mouth wa  hanging open. “How did  he find out?” he whi pered. But that wa n't what wa  bothering Harry. “What d'you mean, 'we all hate Hagrid'?” Harry  pat at Malfoy. “What'  thi  rubbi h about him” - he pointed at Crabbe - “getting a bad bite off a flobberworm? They haven't even got teeth!” Crabbe wa   niggering, apparently very plea ed with him elf. “Well, I think thi   hould put an end to the oaf'  teaching career,”  aid Malfoy, hi  eye  glinting. “Half-giant…and there wa  me thinking he'd ju t  wallowed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he wa  young.…None of the mummie  and daddie  are going to like thi  at all.…They'll be worried he'll eat their kid , ha, ha.…” “You -” “Are you paying attention over there?” Profe or Grubbly-Plank  voice carried over to the boy ; the girl  were all clu tered around the unicorn now,  troking it. Harry wa   o angry that the Daily Prophet article  hook in hi  hand  a  he turned to  tare un eeingly at the unicorn, who e many magical propertie  Profe or Grubbly-Plank wa  now enumerating in a loud voice,  o that the boy  could hear too. “I hope  he  tay , that woman!”  aid Parvati Patil when the le on had ended and they were all heading back to the ca tle for lunch. “That'  more what I thought Care of Magical Creature  would be like…proper creature  like unicorn , not mon ter .…” “What about Hagrid?” Harry  aid angrily a  they went up the  tep . “What about him?”  aid Parvati in a hard voice. “He can  till be gamekeeper, can't he?” Parvati had been very cool toward Harry  ince the ball. He  uppo ed that he ought to have paid her a bit more attention, but  he  eemed to have had a good time all the  ame. She wa  certainly telling anybody who would li ten that  he had made arrangement  to meet the boy from Beauxbaton  in Hog meade on the next weekend trip. “That wa  a really good le on,”  aid Hermione a  they entered the Great Hall. “I didn't know half the thing  Profe or Grubbly-Plank told u  about uni -” “Look at thi !” Harry  narled, and he  hoved the Daily Prophet article under Hermione'  no e. Hermione'  mouth fell open a   he read. Her reaction wa  exactly the  ame a  Ron' . “How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out? You don't think Hagrid told her?” “No,”  aid Harry, leading the way over to the Gryffindor table and throwing him elf into a chair, furiou . “He never even told u , did he? I reckon  he wa   o mad he wouldn't give her load  of horrible  tuff about me,  he went ferreting around to get him back.” “Maybe  he heard him telling Madame Maxime at the ball,”  aid Hermione quietly. “We'd have  een her in the garden!”  aid Ron. “Anyway,  he'  not  uppo ed to come into  chool anymore, Hagrid  aid Dumbledore banned her.…” “Maybe  he'  got an Invi ibility Cloak,”  aid Harry, ladling chicken ca erole onto hi  plate and  pla hing it everywhere in hi  anger. “Sort of thing  he'd do, i n't it, hide in bu he  li tening to people.” “Like you and Ron did, you mean,”  aid Hermione. “We weren't trying to hear him!”  aid Ron indignantly. “We didn't have any choice! The  tupid prat, talking about hi  giante  mother where anyone could have heard him!” “We've got to go and  ee him,”  aid Harry. “Thi  evening, after Divination. Tell him we want him back…you do want him back?” he  hot at Hermione. “I - well, I'm not going to pretend it didn't make a nice change, having a proper Care of Magical Creature  le on for once - but I do want Hagrid back, of cour e I do!” Hermione added ha tily, quailing under Harry'  furiou   tare. So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the ca tle once more and went down through the frozen ground  to Hagrid'  cabin. They knocked, and Fang'  booming bark  an wered. “Hagrid, it'  u !” Harry  houted, pounding on the door. “Open up!” Hagrid didn't an wer. They could hear Fang  cratching at the door, whining, but it didn't open. They hammered on it for ten more minute ; Ron even went and banged on one of the window , but there wa  no re pon e. “What'  he avoiding u  for?” Hermione  aid when they had finally given up and were walking back to the  chool. “He  urely doe n't think we'd care about him being half-giant?” But it  eemed that Hagrid did care. They didn't  ee a  ign of him all week. He didn't appear at the  taff table at mealtime , they didn't  ee him going about hi  gamekeeper dutie  on the ground , and Profe or Grubbly-Plank continued to take the Care of Magical Creature  cla e . Malfoy wa  gloating at every po ible opportunity. “Mi ing your half-breed pal?” he kept whi pering to Harry whenever there wa  a teacher around,  o that he wa   afe from Harry'  retaliation. “Mi ing the elephant-man?” There wa  a Hog meade vi it halfway through January. Hermione wa  very  urpri ed that Harry wa  going to go. “I ju t thought you'd want to take advantage of the common room being quiet,”  he  aid. “Really get to work on that egg.” “Oh I - I reckon I've got a pretty good idea what it'  about now,” Harry lied. “Have you really?”  aid Hermione, looking impre ed. “Well done!” Harry'  in ide  gave a guilty  quirm, but he ignored them. He  till had five week  to work out that egg clue, after all, and that wa  age …wherea  if he went into Hog meade, he might run into Hagrid, and get a chance to per uade him to come back. He, Ron, and Hermione left the ca tle together on Saturday and  et off through the cold, wet ground  toward the gate . A  they pa ed the Durm trang  hip moored in the lake, they  aw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, dre ed in nothing but  wimming trunk . He wa  very  kinny indeed, but apparently a lot tougher than he looked, becau e he climbed up onto the  ide of the  hip,  tretched out hi  arm , and dived, right into the lake. “He'  mad!”  aid Harry,  taring at Krum'  dark head a  it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. “It mu t be freezing, it'  January!” “It'  a lot colder where he come  from,”  aid Hermione. “I  uppo e it feel  quite warm to him.” “Yeah, but there'   till the giant  quid,”  aid Ron. He didn't  ound anxiou  - if anything, he  ounded hopeful. Hermione noticed hi  tone of voice and frowned. “He'  really nice, you know,”  he  aid. “He'  not at all like you'd think, coming from Durm trang. He like  it much better here, he told me.” Ron  aid nothing. He hadn't mentioned Viktor Krum  ince the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under hi  bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very much a  though it had been  napped off a  mall model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robe . Harry kept hi  eye   kinned for a  ign of Hagrid all the way down the  lu hy High Street, and  ugge ted a vi it to the Three Broom tick  once he had a certained that Hagrid wa  not in any of the  hop . The pub wa  a  crowded a  ever, but one quick look around at all the table  told Harry that Hagrid wa n't there. Heart  inking, he went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butterbeer  from Madam Ro merta, and thought gloomily that he might ju t a  well have  tayed behind and li tened to the egg wailing after all. “Doe n't he ever go into the office?” Hermione whi pered  uddenly. “Look!” She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry  aw Ludo Bagman reflected there,  itting in a  hadowy corner with a bunch of goblin . Bagman wa  talking very fa t in a low voice to the goblin , all of whom had their arm  cro ed and were looking rather menacing. It wa  indeed odd. Harry thought, that Bagman wa  here at the Three Broom tick  on a weekend when there wa  no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done. He watched Bagman in the mirror. He wa  looking  trained again, quite a   trained a  he had that night in the fore t before the Dark Mark had appeared. But ju t then Bagman glanced over at the bar,  aw Harry, and  tood up. “In a moment, in a moment!” Harry heard him  ay bru quely to the goblin , and Bagman hurried through the pub toward Harry, hi  boyi h grin back in place. “Harry!” he  aid. “How are you? Been hoping to run into you! Everything going all right?” “Fine, thank ,”  aid Harry. “Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry?”  aid Bagman eagerly. “You couldn't give u  a moment, you two, could you?” “Er - okay,”  aid Ron, and he and Hermione went off to find a table. Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthe t from Madam Ro merta. “Well, I ju t thought I'd congratulate you again on your  plendid performance again t that Horntail, Harry,”  aid Bagman. “Really  uperb.” “Thank ,”  aid Harry, but he knew thi  couldn't be all that Bagman wanted to  ay, becau e he could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione. Bagman didn't  eem in any particular ru h to  pill the bean , though. Harry  aw him glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblin , who were all watching him and Harry in  ilence through their dark,  lanting eye . “Ab olute nightmare,”  aid Bagman to Harry in an undertone, noticing Harry watching the goblin  too. “Their Engli h i n't too good…it'  like being back with all the Bulgarian  at the Quidditch World Cup…but at lea t they u ed  ign language another human could recognize. Thi  lot keep gabbling in Gobblede-gook…and I only know one word of Gobbledegook. Bladvak. It mean  'pickax.' I don't like to u e it in ca e they think I'm threatening them.” He gave a  hort, booming laugh. “What do they want?” Harry  aid, noticing how the goblin  were  till watching Bagman very clo ely. “Er - well…”  aid Bagman, looking  uddenly nervou . “They…er…they're looking for Barty Crouch.” “Why are they looking for him here?”  aid Harry. “He'  at the Mini try in London, i n't he?” “Er…a  a matter of fact, I've no idea where he i ,”  aid Bagman. “He'   ort of… topped coming to work. Been ab ent for a couple of week  now. Young Percy, hi  a i tant,  ay  he'  ill. Apparently he'  ju t been  ending in truction  in by owl. But would you mind not mentioning that to anyone. Harry? Becau e Rita Skeeter'   till poking around everywhere  he can, and I'm willing to bet  he'd work up Barty  illne  into  omething  ini ter. Probably  ay he'  gone mi ing like Bertha Jorkin .” “Have you heard anything about Bertha Jorkin ?” Harry a ked. “No,”  aid Bagman, looking  trained again. “I've got people looking, of cour e…” (About time, thought Harry) “and it'  all very  trange. She definitely arrived in Albania, becau e  he met her  econd cou in there. And then  he left the cou in'  hou e to go  outh and  ee an aunt…and  he  eem  to have vani hed without trace en route. Blowed if I can  ee where  he'  got to… he doe n't  eem the type to elope, for in tance…but  till.…What are we doing, talking about goblin  and Bertha Jorkin ? I really wanted to a k you” - he lowered hi  voice - “how are you getting on with your golden egg?” “Er…not bad,” Harry  aid untruthfully. Bagman  eemed to know he wa n't being hone t. “Li ten, Harry,” he  aid ( till in a very low voice), “I feel very bad about all thi …you were thrown into thi  tournament, you didn't volunteer for it…and if…” (hi  voice wa   o quiet now, Harry had to lean clo er to li ten) “if I can help at all…a prod in the right direction…I've taken a liking to you…the way you got pa t that dragon!…well, ju t  ay the word.” Harry  tared up into Bagman'  round, ro y face and hi  wide, baby-blue eye . “We're  uppo ed to work out the clue  alone, aren't we?” he  aid, careful to keep hi  voice ca ual and not  ound a  though he wa  accu ing the head of the Department of Magical Game  and Sport  of breaking the rule . “Well…well, ye ,”  aid Bagman impatiently, “but - come on. Harry - we all want a Hogwart  victory, don't we?” “Have you offered Cedric help?” Harry  aid. The  malle t of frown  crea ed Bagman'   mooth face. “No, I haven't,” he  aid. “I - well, like I  ay, I've taken a liking to you. Ju t thought I'd offer…” “Well, thank ,”  aid Harry, “but I think I'm nearly there with the egg…couple more day   hould crack it.” He wa n't entirely  ure why he wa  refu ing Bagman'  help, except that Bagman wa  almo t a  tranger to him, and accepting hi  a i tance would feel  omehow much more like cheating than a king advice from Ron, Hermione, or Siriu . Bagman looked almo t affronted, but couldn't  ay much more a  Fred and George turned up at that point. “Hello, Mr. Bagman,”  aid Fred brightly. “Can we buy you a drink?” “Er…no,”  aid Bagman, with a la t di appointed glance at Harry, “no, thank you, boy …” Fred and George looked quite a  di appointed a  Bagman, who wa   urveying Harry a  though he had let him down badly. “Well, I mu t da h,” he  aid. “Nice  eeing you all. Good luck, Harry.” He hurried out of the pub. The goblin  all  lid off their chair  and exited after him. Harry went to rejoin Ron and Hermione. “What did he want?” Ron  aid, the moment Harry had  at down. “He offered to help me with the golden egg,”  aid Harry. “He  houldn't be doing that!”  aid Hermione, looking very  hocked. “He'  one of the judge ! And anyway, you've already worked it out - haven't you?” “Er…nearly,”  aid Harry. “Well, I don't think Dumbledore would like it if he knew Bagman wa  trying to per uade you to cheat!”  aid Hermione,  till looking deeply di approving. “I hope he'  trying to help Cedric a  much!” “He'  not, I a ked,”  aid Harry. “Who care  if Diggory'  getting help?”  aid Ron. Harry privately agreed. “Tho e goblin  didn't look very friendly,”  aid Hermione,  ipping her butterbeer. “What were they doing here?” “Looking for Crouch, according to Bagman,”  aid Harry. “He'   till ill. Ha n't been into work.” “Maybe Percy'  poi oning him,”  aid Ron. “Probably think  if Crouch  nuff  it he'll be made head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation.” Hermione gave Ron a don't-joke-about-thing -like-that look, and  aid, “Funny, goblin  looking for Mr. Crouch.…They'd normally deal with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature .” “Crouch can  peak load  of different language , though,”  aid Harry. “Maybe they need an interpreter.” “Worrying about poor 'ickle goblin , now, are you?” Ron a ked Hermione. “Thinking of  tarting up S.P.U.G. or  omething? Society for the Protection of Ugly Goblin ?” “Ha, ha, ha,”  aid Hermione  arca tically. “Goblin  don't need protection. Haven't you been li tening to what Profe or Binn  ha  been telling u  about goblin rebellion ?” “No,”  aid Harry and Ron together. “Well, the're quite capable of dealing with wizard ,”  aid Hermione, taking another  ip of butterbeer. “They're very clever. They're not like hou e-elve , who never  tick up for them elve .” “Uh-oh,”  aid Ron,  taring at the door. Rita Skeeter had ju t entered. She wa  wearing banana-yellow robe  today; her long nail  were painted  hocking pink, and  he wa  accompanied by her paunchy photographer. She bought drink , and  he and the photographer made their way through the crowd  to a table nearby. Harry, Ron, and Hermione glaring at her a   he approached. She wa  talking fa t and looking very  ati fied about  omething. “…didn't  eem very keen to talk to u , did he, Bozo? Now, why would that be, do you think? And what'  he doing with a pack of goblin  in tow anyway? Showing them the  ight …what non en e…he wa  alway  a bad liar. Reckon  omething'  up? Think we  hould do a bit of digging? 'Di graced Ex-Head of Magical Game  and Sport , Ludo Bagman…' Snappy  tart to a  entence, Bozo - we ju t need to find a  tory to fit it -” “Trying to ruin  omeone el e'  life?”  aid Harry loudly. A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter'  eye  widened behind her jeweled  pectacle  a   he  aw who had  poken. “Harry!”  he  aid, beaming. “How lovely! Why don't you come and join-?” “I wouldn't come near you with a ten-foot broom tick,”  aid Harry furiou ly. “What did you do that to Hagrid for, eh?” Rita Skeeter rai ed her heavily penciled eyebrow . “Our reader  have a right to the truth, Harry. I am merely doing my-” “Who care  if he'  half-giant?” Harry  houted. “There'  nothing wrong with him!” The whole pub had gone very quiet. Madam Ro merta wa   taring over from behind the bar, apparently obliviou  to the fact that the flagon  he wa  filling with mead wa  overflowing. Rita Skeeter'   mile flickered very  lightly, but  he hitched it back almo t at once;  he  napped open her crocodile- kin handbag, pulled out her Quick-Quote  Quill, and  aid, “How about giving me an interview about the Hagrid you know. Harry? The man behind the mu cle ? Your unlikely friend hip and the rea on  behind it. Would you call him a father  ub titute?” Hermione  tood up very abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in her hand a  though it were a grenade. “You horrible woman,”  he  aid, through gritted teeth, “you don't care, do you, anything for a  tory, and anyone will do, wont they? Even Ludo Bagman -” “Sit down, you  illy little girl, and don't talk about thing  you don't under tand,”  aid Rita Skeeter coldly, her eye  hardening a  they fell on Hermione. “I know thing  about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl…not that it need  it -”  he added, eyeing Hermione'  bu hy hair. “Let'  go,”  aid Hermione, “c'mon. Harry - Ron…” They left; many people were  taring at them a  they went. Harry glanced back a  they reached the door. Rita Skeeter'  Quick-Quote  Quill wa  out; it wa  zooming backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table. “She'll be after you next, Hermione,”  aid Ron in a low and worried voice a  they walked quickly back up the  treet. “Let her try!”  aid Hermione defiantly;  he wa   haking with rage. “I'll  how her! Silly little girl, am I? Oh, I'll get her back for thi . Fir t Harry, then Hagrid…” “You don't want to go up etting Rita Skeeter,”  aid Ron nervou ly. “I'm  eriou , Hermione,  he'll dig up  omething on you -” “My parent  don't read the Daily Prophet. She can't  care me into hiding!”  aid Hermione, now  triding along  o fa t that it wa  all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with her. The la t time Harry had  een Hermione in a rage like thi ,  he had hit Draco Malfoy around the face. “And Hagrid i n't hiding anymore! He  hould never have let that excu e for a human being up et him! Come on!” Breaking into a run,  he led them all the way back up the road, through the gate  flanked by winged boar , and up through the ground  to Hagrid'  cabin. The curtain  were  till drawn, and they could hear Fang barking a  they approached. “Hagrid!” Hermione  houted, pounding on hi  front door. “Hagrid, that'  enough! We know you're in there! Nobody care  if your mum wa  a giante , Hagrid! You can't let that foul Skeeter woman do thi  to you! Hagrid, get out here, you're ju t being -” The door opened. Hermione  aid, “About it-!” and then  topped, very  uddenly, becau e  he had found her elf face-to-face, not with Hagrid, but with Albu  Dumbledore. “Good afternoon,” he  aid plea antly,  miling down at them. “We er we wanted to  ee Hagrid,”  aid Hermione in a rather  mall voice. “Ye , I  urmi ed a  much,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  eye  twinkling. “Why don't you come in?” “Oh…um…okay,”  aid Hermione. She, Ron, and Harry went into the cabin; Fang launched him elf upon Harry the moment he entered, barking madly and trying to lick hi  ear . Harry fended off Fang and looked around. Hagrid wa   itting at hi  table, where there were two large mug  of tea. He looked a real me . Hi  face wa  blotchy, hi  eye   wollen, and he had gone to the other extreme where hi  hair wa  concerned; far from trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of tangled wire. “Hi, Hagrid,”  aid Harry. Hagrid looked up. “'Lo,” he  aid in a very hoar e voice. “More tea, I think,”  aid Dumbledore, clo ing the door behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out hi  wand, and twiddling it; a revolving tea tray appeared in midair along with a plate of cake . Dumbledore magicked the tray onto the table, and everybody  at down. There wa  a  light pau e, and then Dumbledore  aid, “Did you by any chance hear what Mi  Granger wa   houting, Hagrid?” Hermione went  lightly pink, but Dumbledore  miled at her and continued, “Hermione, Harry, and Ron  till  eem to want to know you, judging by the way they were attempting to break down the door.” “Of cour e we  till want to know you!” Harry  aid,  taring at Hagrid. “You don't think anything that Skeeter cow -  orry, Profe or,” he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore. “I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you  aid. Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, twiddling hi  thumb  and  taring at the ceiling. “Er-right,”  aid Harry  heepi hly. “I ju t meant-Hagrid, how could you think we'd care what that-woman-wrote about you?” Two fat tear  leaked out of Hagrid'  beetle-black eye  and fell  lowly into hi  tangled beard. “Living proof of what I've been telling you, Hagrid,”  aid Dumbledore,  till looking carefully up at the ceiling. “I have  hown you the letter  from the countle  parent  who remember you from their own day  here, telling me in no uncertain term  that if I  acked you, they would have  omething to  ay about it -” “Not all of 'em,”  aid Hagrid hoar ely. “Not all of 'em wan me ter  tay.” “Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for univer al popularity, I'm afraid you will be in thi  cabin for a very long time,”  aid Dumbledore, now peering  ternly over hi  half-moon  pectacle . “Not a week ha  pa ed  ince I became headma ter of thi   chool when I haven't had at lea t one owl complaining about the way I run it. But what  hould I do? Barricade my elf in my  tudy and refu e to talk to anybody?” “Yeh - yeh're not half-giant!”  aid Hagrid croakily. “Hagrid, look what I've got for relative !” Harry  aid furiou ly. “Look at the Dur ley !” “An excellent point,”  aid Profe or Dumbledore. “My own brother, Aberforth, wa  pro ecuted for practicing inappropriate charm  on a goat. It wa  all over the paper , but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held hi  head high and went about hi  bu ine  a  u ual! Of cour e, I'm not entirely  ure he can read,  o that may not have been bravery….” “Come back and teach, Hagrid,”  aid Hermione quietly, “plea e come back, we really mi  you.” Hagrid gulped. More tear  leaked out down hi  cheek  and into hi  tangled beard. Dumbledore  tood up. “I refu e to accept your re ignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on Monday,” he  aid. “You will join me for breakfa t at eight-thirty in the Great Hall. No excu e . Good afternoon to you all.” Dumbledore left the cabin, pau ing only to  cratch Fang  ear . When the door had  hut behind him, Hagrid began to  ob into hi  du tbin-lid- ized hand . Hermione kept patting hi  arm, and at la t, Hagrid looked up, hi  eye  very red indeed, and  aid, “Great man, Dumbledore…great man.…” “Yeah, he i ,”  aid Ron. “Can I have one of the e cake , Hagrid?” “Help yer elf,”  aid Hagrid, wiping hi  eye  on the back of hi  hand. “Ar, he'  righ', o' cour e - yeh're all righ'…I bin  tupid…my ol' dad woulda bin a hamed o' the way I've bin behavin'.…” More tear  leaked out, but he wiped them away more forcefully, and  aid, “Never  hown you a picture of my old dad, have I? Here…” Hagrid got up, went over to hi  dre er, opened a drawer, and pulled out a picture of a  hort wizard with Hagrid'  crinkled black eye , beaming a  he  at on top of Hagrid'   houlder. Hagrid wa  a good  even or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree be ide him, but hi  face wa  beardle , young, round, and  mooth - he looked hardly older than eleven. “Tha wa  taken ju ' after I got inter Hogwart ,” Hagrid croaked. “Dad wa  dead chuffed…thought I migh' not be a wizard,  ee, 'co  me mum…well, anyway. 'Cour e, I never wa  great  hake  at magic, really…but at lea t he never  aw me expelled. Died,  ee, in me  econd year.…” “Dumbledore wa  the one who  tuck up for me after Dad went. Got me the gamekeeper job…tru t  people, he doe . Give  'em  econd chance …tha'  what  et  him apar' from other head ,  ee. He'll accept anyone at Hogwart ,  'long a  they've got the talent. Know  people can turn out okay even if their familie  weren'…well…all tha' re pectable. But  ome don under tand that. There'   ome who'd alway  hold it again t yeh…there'   ome who'd even pretend they ju t had big bone  rather than  tand up an'  ay - I am what I am, an' I'm not a hamed. 'Never be a hamed,' my ol' dad u ed ter  ay, 'there'   ome who'll hold it again t you, but they're not worth botherin' with.' An' he wa  right. I've bin an idiot. I'm not botherin' with her no more, I promi e yeh that. Big bone …I'll give her big bone .” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another nervou ly; Harry would rather have taken fifty Bla t-Ended Skrewt  for a walk than admit to Hagrid that he had overheard him talking to Madame Maxime, but Hagrid wa   till talking, apparently unaware that he had  aid anything odd. “Yeh know wha, Harry?” he  aid, looking up from the photograph of hi  father, hi  eye  very bright, “when I fir ' met you, you reminded me o' me a bit. Mum an' Dad gone, an' you wa  feelin' like yeh wouldn' fit in at Hogwart , remember? Not  ure yeh were really up to it…an' now look at yeh, Harry! School champion!” He looked at Harry for a moment and then  aid, very  eriou ly, “Yeh know what I'd love. Harry? I'd love yeh ter win, I really would. It'd  how 'em all…yeh don' have ter be pureblood ter do it. Yeh don have ter be a hamed of what yeh are. It'd  how 'em Dumbledore'  the one who'  got it righ', lettin' anyone in a  long a  they can do magic. How you doin' with that egg, Harry?” “Great,”  aid Harry. “Really great.” Hagrid'  mi erable face broke into a wide, watery  mile. “Tha'  my boy…you  how 'em, Harry, you  how 'em. Beat 'em all.” Lying to Hagrid wa n't quite like lying to anyone el e. Harry went back to the ca tle later that afternoon with Ron and Hermione, unable to bani h the image of the happy expre ion on Hagrid'  whi kery face a  he had imagined Harry winning the tournament. The incomprehen ible egg weighed more heavily than ever on Harry'  con cience that evening, and by the time he had got into bed, he had made up hi  mind - it wa  time to  helve hi  pride and  ee if Cedric'  hint wa  worth anything. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE THE EGG AND THE EYE H arry had no idea how long a bath he would need to work out the  ecret of the golden egg, he decided to do it at night, when he would be able to take a  much time a  he wanted. Reluctant though he wa  to accept more favor  from Cedric, he al o decided to u e the prefect ' bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in there,  o it wa  much le  likely that he would be di turbed. Harry planned hi  excur ion carefully, becau e he had been caught out of bed and out-of-bound  by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before, and had no de ire to repeat the experience. The Invi ibility Cloak would, of cour e, be e ential, and a  an added precaution, Harry thought he would take the Marauder  Map, which, next to the cloak, wa  the mo t u eful aid to rule-breaking Harry owned. The map  howed the whole of Hogwart , including it  many  hortcut  and  ecret pa ageway  and, mo t important of all, it revealed the people in ide the ca tle a  minu cule, labeled dot , moving around the corridor ,  o that Harry would be forewarned if  omebody wa  approaching the bathroom. On Thur day night, Harry  neaked up to bed, put on the cloak, crept back down tair , and, ju t a  he had done on the night when Hagrid had  hown him the dragon , waited for the portrait hole to open. Thi  time it wa  Ron who waited out ide to give the Fat Lady the pa word (“banana fritter ”), “Good luck,” Ron muttered, climbing into the room a  Harry crept out pa t him. It wa  awkward moving under the cloak tonight, becau e Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of hi  no e with the other. However, the moonlit corridor  were empty and  ilent, and by checking the map at  trategic interval , Harry wa  able to en ure that he wouldn't run into anyone he wanted to avoid. When he reached the  tatue of Bori  the Bewildered, a lo t-looking wizard with hi  glove  on the wrong hand , he located the right door, leaned clo e to it, and muttered the pa word, “Pine fre h,” ju t a  Cedric had told him. The door creaked open. Harry  lipped in ide, bolted the door behind him, and pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak, looking around. Hi  immediate reaction wa  that it would be worth becoming a prefect ju t to be able to u e thi  bathroom. It wa   oftly lit by a  plendid candle-filled chandelier, and everything wa  made of white marble, including what looked like an empty, rectangular  wimming pool  unk into the middle of the floor. About a hundred golden tap   tood all around the pool  edge , each with a differently colored Jewel  et into it  handle. There wa  al o a diving board. Long white linen curtain  hung at the window ; a large pile of fluffy white towel   at in a corner, and there wa  a  ingle golden-framed painting on the wall. It featured a blonde mermaid who wa  fa t a leep on a rock, her long hair over her face. It fluttered every time  he  nored. Harry moved forward, looking around, hi  foot tep  echoing off the wall . Magnificent though the bathroom wa  - and quite keen though he wa  to try out a few of tho e tap  - now he wa  here he couldn't quite  uppre  the feeling that Cedric might have been having him on. How on earth wa  thi   uppo ed to help  olve the my tery of the egg? Neverthele , he put one of the Huffy towel , the cloak, the map, and the egg at the  ide of the  wimming-pool- ized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of the tap . He could tell at once that they carried different  ort  of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wa n't bubble bath a  Harry had ever experienced it. One tap gu hed pink and blue bubble  the  ize of football ; another poured ice-white foam  o thick that Harry thought it would have  upported hi  weight if he'd cared to te t it; a third  ent heavily perfumed purple cloud  hovering over the  urface of the water. Harry amu ed him elf for awhile turning the tap  on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one who e jet bounced off the  urface of the water in large arc . Then, when the deep pool wa  full of hot water, foam, and bubble , which took a very  hort time con idering it   ize, Harry turned off all the tap , pulled off hi  pajama ,  lipper , and dre ing gown, and  lid into the water. It wa   o deep that hi  feet barely touched the bottom, and he actually did a couple of length  before  wimming back to the  ide and treading water,  taring at the egg. Highly enjoyable though it wa  to  wim in hot and foamy water with cloud  of different-colored  team wafting all around him, no  troke of brilliance came to him, no  udden bur t of under tanding. Harry  tretched out hi  arm , lifted the egg in hi  wet hand , and opened it. The wailing,  creeching  ound filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the marble wall , but it  ounded ju t a  incomprehen ible a  ever, if not more  o with all the echoe . He  napped it  hut again, worried that the  ound would attract Filch, wondering whether that hadn't been Cedric'  plan - and then, making him jump  o badly that he dropped the egg, which clattered away acro  the bathroom floor,  omeone  poke. “I'd try putting it in the water, if I were you.” Harry had  wallowed a con iderable amount of bubble  in  hock. He  tood up,  puttering, and  aw the gho t of a very glum-looking girl  itting cro -legged on top of one of the tap . It wa  Moaning Myrtle, who wa  u ually to be heard  obbing in the S-bend of a toilet three floor  below. “Myrtle!” Harry  aid in outrage, “I'm - I'm not wearing anything!” The foam wa   o den e that thi  hardly mattered, but he had a na ty feeling that Myrtle had been  pying on him from out of one of the tap  ever  ince he had arrived. “I clo ed my eye  when you got in,”  he  aid, blinking at him through her thick  pectacle . “You haven't been to  ee me for age .” “Yeah…well…”  aid Harry, bending hi  knee   lightly, ju t to make ab olutely  ure Myrtle couldn't  ee anything but hi  head, “I'm not  uppo ed to come into your bathroom, am I? It'  a girl ' one.” “You didn't u ed to care,”  aid Myrtle mi erably. “You u ed to be in there all the time.” Thi  wa  true, though only becau e Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle'  out-of-order toilet  a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in  ecret - a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replica  of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour,  o that they could  neak into the Slytherin common room. “I got told off for going in there.”  aid Harry, which wa  half-true; Percy had once caught him coming out of Myrtle  bathroom. “I thought I'd better not come back after that.” “Oh…I  ee…”  aid Myrtle, picking at a  pot on her chin in a moro e  ort of way. “Well…anyway…I'd try the egg in the water. That'  what Cedric Diggory did.” “Have you been  pying on him too?”  aid Harry indignantly. “What d'you do,  neak up here in the evening  to watch the prefect  take bath ?” “Sometime ,”  aid Myrtle, rather  lyly, “but I've never come out to  peak to anyone before.” “I'm honored,”  aid Harry darkly. “You keep your eye   hut!” He made  ure Myrtle had her gla e  well covered before hoi ting him elf out of the bath, wrapping the towel firmly around hi  wai t, and going to retrieve the egg. Once he wa  back in the water, Myrtle peered through her finger  and  aid, “Go on, then…open it under the water!” Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy  urface and opened it…and thi  time, it did not wail. A gurgling  ong wa  coming out of it, a  ong who e word  he couldnt di tingui h through the water. “You need to put your head under too,”  aid Myrtle, who  eemed to be thoroughly enjoying bo ing him around. “Go on!” Harry took a great breath and  lid under the  urface - and now,  itting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, he heard a choru  of eerie voice   inging to him from the open egg in hi  hand : "Come  eek u  where our voice   ound, We cannot  ing above the ground, And while you re  earching, ponder thi : Wove taken what you'll  orely mi , An hour long you'll have to look, And to recover what we took, But pa t an hour-- the pro pect'  black, Too late, it'  gone, it wont come back" Harry let him elf float back upward and broke the bubbly  urface,  haking hi  hair out of hi  eye . “Hear it?”  aid Myrtle. “Yeah…'Come  eek u  where our voice   ound…' and if I need per uading…hang on, I need to li ten again.…” He  ank back beneath the water. It took three more underwater rendition  of the egg'   ong before Harry had it memorized; then he trod water for a while, thinking hard, while Myrtle  at and watched him. “I've got to go and look for people who can't u e their voice  above the ground.…” he  aid  lowly. “Er…who could that be?” “Slow, aren't you?” He had never  een Moaning Myrtle  o cheerful, apart from the day when a do e of PolyJuice Potion had given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. Harry  tared around the bathroom, thinking…if the voice  could only be heard underwater, then it made  en e for them to belong to underwater creature . He ran thi  theory pa t Myrtle, who  mirked at him. “Well, that  what Diggory thought,”  he  aid. “He lay there talking to him elf for age  about it. Age  and age …nearly all the bubble  had gone.…” “Underwater…” Harry  aid  lowly. “Myrtle…what live  in the lake, apart from the giant  quid?” “Oh all  ort ,”  he  aid. “I  ometime  go down there… ometime  don't have any choice, if  omeone flu he  my toilet when I'm not expecting it.…” Trying not to think about Moaning Myrtle zooming down a pipe to the lake with the content  of a toilet. Harry  aid, “Well, doe  anything in there have a human voice? Hang on -” Harry'  eye  had fallen on the picture of the  noozing mermaid on the wall. “Myrtle, there aren't merpeople in there, are there?” “Oooh, very good,”  he  aid, her thick gla e  twinkling, “it took Diggory much longer than that! And that wa  with her awake too” - Myrtle jerked her head toward the mermaid with an expre ion of great di like on her glum face - “giggling and  howing off and fla hing her fin .…” “That  it, i n't it?”  aid Harry excitedly. “The  econd ta k'  to go and find the merpeople in the lake and…and…” But he  uddenly realized what he wa   aying, and he felt the excitement drain out of him a  though  omeone had ju t pulled a plug in hi   tomach. He wa n't a very good  wimmer; he'd never had much practice. Dudley had had le on  in hi  youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping that Harry would drown one day, hadn't bothered to give him any. A couple of length  of thi  bath were all very well, but that lake wa  very large, and very deep…and merpeople would  urely live right at the bottom.… “Myrtle,” Harry  aid  lowly, “how am I  uppo ed to breathe?” At thi , Myrtle'  eye  filled with  udden tear  again. “Tactle !”  he muttered, groping in her robe  for a handkerchief. “What'  tactle ?”  aid Harry, bewildered. “Talking about breathing in front of me!”  he  aid  hrilly, and her voice echoed loudly around the bathroom. “When I can't…when I haven't…not for age …” She buried her face in her handkerchief and  niffed loudly. Harry remembered how touchy Myrtle had alway  been about being dead, but none of the other gho t  he knew made  uch a fu  about it. “Sorry,” he  aid impatiently. “I didn't mean - I ju t forgot…” “Oh ye , very ea y to forget Myrtle'  dead,”  aid Myrtle, gulping, looking at him out of  wollen eye . “Nobody mi ed me even when I wa  alive. Took them hour  and hour  to find my body - I know, I wa   itting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into the bathroom - Are you in here again,  ulking, Myrtle?'  he  aid, 'becau e Profe or Dippet a ked me to look for you -' And then  he  aw my body…ooooh,  he didn't forget it until her dying day, I made  ure of that…followed her around and reminded her, I did. I remember at her brother'  wedding -” But Harry wa n't li tening; he wa  thinking about the merpeople'   ong again. “We've taken what you II  orely mi .” That  ounded a  though they were going to  teal  omething of hi ,  omething he had to get back. What were they going to take? “-and then, of cour e,  he went to the Mini try of Magic to  top me  talking her,  o I had to come back here and live in my toilet.” “Good,”  aid Harry vaguely. “Well, I'm a lot further on than I wa .…Shut your eye  again, will you? I'm getting out.” He retrieved the egg from the bottom of the bath, climbed out, dried him elf, and pulled on hi  pajama  and dre ing gown again. “Will you come and vi it me in my bathroom again  ometime?” Moaning Myrtle a ked mournfully a  Harry picked up the Invi ibility Cloak. “Er…I'll try,” Harry  aid, though privately thinking the only way he'd be vi iting Myrtle'  bathroom again wa  if every other toilet in the ca tle got blocked. “See you. Myrtle…thank  for your help.” “Bye, 'bye,”  he  aid gloomily, and a  Harry put on the Invi ibllity Cloak he  aw her zoom back up the tap. Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauder  Map to check that the coa t wa   till clear. Ye , the dot  belonging to Filch and hi  cat, Mr . Norri , were  afely in their office…nothing el e  eemed to be moving apart from Peeve , though he wa  bouncing around the trophy room on the floor above.…Harry had taken hi  fir t  tep back toward Gryffindor Tower when  omething el e on the map caught hi  eye… omething di tinctly odd. Peeve  wa  not the only thing that wa  moving. A  ingle dot wa  flitting around a room in the bottom left-hand corner - Snape'  office. But the dot wa n't labeled “Severu  Snape”…it wa  Bartemiu  Crouch. Harry  tared at the dot. Mr. Crouch wa   uppo ed to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball -  o what wa  he doing,  neaking into Hogwart  at one o'clock in the morning? Harry watched clo ely a  the dot moved around and around the room, pau ing here and there.… Harry he itated, thinking…and then hi  curio ity got the better of him. He turned and  et off in the oppo ite direction toward the neare t  tairca e. He wa  going to  ee what Crouch wa  up to. Harry walked down the  tair  a  quietly a  po ible, though the face  in  ome of the portrait   till turned curiou ly at the  queak of a floorboard, the ru tle of hi  pajama . He crept along the corridor below, pu hed a ide a tape try about halfway along, and proceeded down a narrower  tairca e, a  hortcut that would take him down two floor . He kept glancing down at the map, wondering…It ju t didn't  eem in character,  omehow, for correct, law-abiding Mr. Crouch to be  neaking around  omebody el e'  office thi  late at night.… And then, halfway down the  tairca e, not thinking about what he wa  doing, not concentrating on anything but the peculiar behavior of Mr. Crouch, Harry'  leg  uddenly  ank right through the trick  tep Neville alway  forgot to jump. He gave an ungainly wobble, and the golden egg,  till damp from the bath,  lipped from under hi  arm. He lurched forward to try and catch it, but too late; the egg fell down the long  tairca e with a bang a  loud a  a ba  drum on every  tep - the Invi ibility Cloak  lipped - Harry  natched at it, and the Marauder'  Map fluttered out of hi  hand and  lid down  ix  tair , where,  unk in the  tep to above hi  knee, he couldn't reach it. The golden egg fell through the tape try at the bottom of the  tairca e, bur t open, and began wailing loudly in the corridor below. Harry pulled out hi  wand and  truggled to touch the Marauder'  Map, to wipe it blank, but it wa  too far away to reach - Pulling the cloak back over him elf Harry  traightened up, li tening hard with hi  eye   crewed up with fear…and, almo t immediately - “PEEVES!” It wa  the unmi takable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker. Harry could hear hi  rapid,  huffling foot tep  coming nearer and nearer, hi  wheezy voice rai ed in fury. “What'  thi  racket? Wake up the whole ca tle, will you? I'll have you, Peeve , I'll have you, you'll…and what i  thi ?” Filch'  foot tep  halted; there wa  a clink of metal on metal and the wailing  topped - Filch had picked up the egg and clo ed it. Harry  tood very  till, one leg  till Jammed tightly in the magical  tep, li tening. Any moment now, Filch wa  going to pull a ide the tape try, expecting to  ee Peeve …and there would be no Peeve …but if he came up the  tair , he would  pot the Marauder'  Map…and Invi ibility Cloak or not, the map would  how “Harry Potter”  tanding exactly where he wa . “Egg?” Filch  aid quietly at the foot of the  tair . “My  weet!” - Mr . Norri  wa  obviou ly with him - “Thi  i  a Triwizard clue! Thi  belong  to a  chool champion!” Harry felt  ick; hi  heart wa  hammering very fa t - “PEEVES!” Filch roared gleefully. “You've been  tealing!” He ripped back the tape try below, and Harry  aw hi  horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eye   taring up the dark and (to Filch) de erted  tairca e. “Hiding, are you?” he  aid  oftly. “I'm coming to get you, Peeve .…You've gone and  tolen a Triwizard clue, Peeve .…Dumbledore'll have you out of here for thi , you filthy, pilfering poltergei t.…” Filch  tarted to climb the  tair , hi   crawny, du t-colored cat at hi  heel . Mr . Morri '  lamp-like eye ,  o very like her ma ter , were fixed directly upon Harry. He had had occa ion before now to wonder whether the Invi ibility Cloak worked on cat .…Sick with apprehen ion, he watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in hi  old flannel dre ing gown - he tried de perately to pull hi  trapped leg free, but it merely  ank a few more inche  - any  econd now, Filch wa  going to  pot the map or walk right into him - “Filch? What  going on?” Filch  topped a few  tep  below Harry and turned. At the foot of the  tair   tood the only per on who could make Harry'   ituation wor e: Snape. He wa  wearing a long gray night hirt and he looked livid. “It  Peeve , Profe or,” Filch whi pered malevolently. “He threw thi  egg down the  tair .” Snape climbed up the  tair  quickly and  topped be ide Filch. Harry gritted hi  teeth, convinced hi  loudly thumping heart would give him away at any  econd.… “Peeve ?”  aid Snape  oftly,  taring at the egg in Filch'  hand . “But Peeve  couldn't get into my office.…” “Thi  egg wa  in your office. Profe or?” “Of cour e not,” Snape  napped. “I heard banging and wailing -” “Ye , Profe or, that wa  the egg -” “- I wa  coming to inve tigate -” “- Peeve  threw it. Profe or -” “- and when I pa ed my office, I  aw that the torche  were lit and a cupboard door wa  ajar! Somebody ha  been  earching it!” But Peeve  couldn't -" “I know he couldn't, Filch!” Snape  napped again. “I  eal my office with a  pell none but a wizard could break!” Snape looked up the  tair ,  traight through Harry, and then down into the corridor below. “I want you to come and help me  earch for the intruder, Filch.” “I - ye , Profe or - but -” Filch looked yearningly up the  tair , right through Harry, who could  ee that he wa  very reluctant to forgo the chance of cornering Peeve . Go, Harry pleaded with him  ilently, go with Snape…go…Mr . Norri  wa  peering around Filch'  leg .…Harry had the di tinct impre ion that  he could  mell him.…Why had he filled that bath with  o much perfumed foam? “The thing i , Profe or,”  aid Filch plaintively, “the headma ter will have to li ten to me thi  time. Peeve  ha  been  tealing from a  tudent, it might be my chance to get him thrown out of the ca tle once and for all -” “Filch, I don't give a damn about that wretched poltergei t; it'  my office that'  -” Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Snape  topped talking very abruptly. He and Filch both looked down at the foot of the  tair . Harry  aw Mad-Eye Moody limp into  ight through the narrow gap between their head . Moody wa  wearing hi  old traveling cloak over hi  night hirt and leaning on hi   taff a  u ual. “Pajama party, i  it?” he growled up the  tair . “Profe or Snape and I heard noi e , Profe or,”  aid Filch at once. “Peeve  the Poltergei t, throwing thing  around a  u ual - and then Profe or Snape di covered that  omeone had broken into hi  off -” “Shut up!” Snape hi ed to Filch. Moody took a  tep clo er to the foot of the  tair . Harry  aw Moody'  magical eye travel over Snape, and then, unmi takably, onto him elf. Harry'  heart gave a horrible jolt. Moody could  ee through Invi ibility Cloak …he alone could  ee the full  trangene  of the  cene: Snape in hi  night hirt, Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the  tair  behind them. Moody'  lop ided ga h of a mouth opened in  urpri e. For a few  econd , he and Harry  tared  traight into each other'  eye . Then Moody clo ed hi  mouth and turned hi  blue eye upon Snape again. “Did I hear that correctly, Snape?” he a ked  lowly. “Someone broke into your office?” “It i  unimportant,”  aid Snape coldly. “On the contrary,” growled Moody, “it i  very important. Who'd want to break into your office?” “A  tudent, I dare ay,”  aid Snape. Harry could  ee a vein flickering horribly on Snape'  grea y temple. “It ha  happened before. Potion ingredient  have gone mi ing from my private  tore cupboard… tudent  attempting illicit mixture , no doubt.…” “Reckon they were after potion ingredient , eh?”  aid Moody. “Not hiding anything el e in your office, are you?” Harry  aw the edge of Snape'   allow face turn a na ty brick color, the vein in hi  temple pul ing more rapidly. “You know I'm hiding nothing, Moody,” he  aid in a  oft and dangerou  voice, “a  you've  earched my office pretty thoroughly your elf.” Moody'  face twi ted into a  mile. “Auror'  privilege, Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye -” “Dumbledore happen  to tru t me,”  aid Snape through clenched teeth. “I refu e to believe that he gave you order  to  earch my office!” “Cour e Dumbledore tru t  you,” growled Moody. “He  a tru ting man, i n't he? Believe  in  econd chance . But me - I  ay there are  pot  that don't come off, Snape. Spot  that never come off, d'you know what I mean?” Snape  uddenly did  omething very  trange. He  eized hi  left forearm convul ively with hi  right hand, a  though  omething on it had hurt him. Moody laughed. “Get back to bed, Snape.” “You don't have the authority to  end me anywhere!” Snape hi ed, letting go of hi  arm a  though angry with him elf. “I have a  much right to prowl thi   chool after dark a  you do!” “Prowl away,”  aid Moody, but hi  voice wa  full of menace. “I look forward to meeting you in a dark corridor  ome time.…You've dropped  omething, by the way.…” With a  tab of horror. Harry  aw Moody point at the Marauder  Map,  till lying on the  tairca e  ix  tep  below him. A  Snape and Filch both turned to look at it, Harry threw caution to the wind ; he rai ed hi  arm  under the cloak and waved furiou ly at Moody to attract hi  attention, mouthing “It'  mine! Mine!” Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expre ion of dawning comprehen ion on hi  face - “Accio Parchment!” The map flew up into the air,  lipped through Snape'  out tretched finger , and  oared down the  tair  into Moody'  hand. “My mi take,” Moody  aid calmly. “It'  mine - mu t've dropped it earlier -” But Snape'  black eye  were darting from the egg in Filch'  arm  to the map in Moody'  hand, and Harry could tell he wa  putting two and two together, a  only Snape could.… “Potter,” he  aid quietly. “What'  that?”  aid Moody calmly, folding up the map and pocketing it. “Potter!” Snape  narled, and he actually turned hi  head and  tared right at the place where Harry wa , a  though he could  uddenly  ee him. “That egg i  Potter  egg. That piece of parchment belong  to Potter. I have  een it before, I recognize it! Potter i  here! Potter, in hi  Invi ibility Cloak!” Snape  tretched out hi  hand  like a blind man and began to move up the  tair ; Harry could have  worn hi  over-large no tril  were dilating, trying to  niff Harry out - trapped. Harry leaned backward, trying to avoid Snape'  fingertip , but any moment now - “There'  nothing there, Snape!” barked Moody, “but I'll be happy to tell the headma ter how quickly your mind jumped to Harry Potter!” “Meaning what?” Snape turned again to look at Moody, hi  hand   till out tretched, inche  from Harry'  che t. “Meaning that Dumbledore'  very intere ted to know who'  got it in for that boy!”  aid Moody, limping nearer  till to the foot of the  tair . “And  o am I, Snape…very intere ted.…” The torchlight flickered acro  hi  mangled face,  o that the  car , and the chunk mi ing from hi  no e, looked deeper and darker than ever. Snape wa  looking down at Moody, and Harry couldn't  ee the expre ion on hi  face. For a moment, nobody moved or  aid anything. Then Snape  lowly lowered hi  hand . “I merely thought,”  aid Snape, in a voice of forced calm, “that if Potter wa  wandering around after hour  again…it'  an unfortunate habit of hi …he  hould be  topped. For - for hi  own  afety.” “Ah, I  ee,”  aid Moody  oftly. “Got Potter'  be t intere t  at heart, have you?” There wa  a pau e. Snape and Moody were  till  taring at each other, Mr . Norri  gave a loud meow,  till peering around Filch'  leg , looking for the  ource of Harry'  bubble-bath  mell. “I think I will go back to bed,” Snape  aid curtly. “Be t idea you've had all night,”  aid Moody. “Now, Filch, if you'll ju t give me that egg -” “No!”  aid Filch, clutching the egg a  though it were hi  fir tborn  on. “Profe or Moody, thi  i  evidence of Peeve ' treachery!” “It'  the property of the champion he  tole it from,”  aid Moody. Hand it over, now." Snape  wept down tair  and pa ed Moody without another word. Filch made a chirruping noi e to Mr . Norri , who  tared blankly at Harry for a few more  econd  before turning and following her ma ter. Still breathing very fa t. Harry heard Snape walking away down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and di appeared from view too, muttering to Mr . Norri . “Never mind. my  weet…we'll  ee Dumbledore in the morning…tell him what Peeve  wa  up to.…” A door  lammed. Harry wa  left  taring down at Moody, who placed hi   taff on the bottommo t  tair and  tarted to climb laboriou ly toward him, a dull clunk on every other  tep. “Clo e  have. Potter,” he muttered. “Yeah…I - er…thank ,”  aid Harry weakly. “What i  thi  thing?”  aid Moody, drawing the Marauder'  Map out of hi  pocket and unfolding it. “Map of Hogwart ,”  aid Harry, hoping Moody wa  going to pull him out of the  tairca e  oon; hi  leg wa  really hurting him. “Merlin  beard,” Moody whi pered,  taring at the map, hi  magical eye going haywire. “Thi …thi  i   ome map. Potter!” “Yeah, it …quite u eful,” Harry  aid. Hi  eye  were  tarting to water from the pain. “Er - Profe or Moody, d'you think you could help me -?” “What? Oh! Ye …ye , of cour e.…” Moody took hold of Harry'  arm  and pulled; Harry'  leg came free of the trick  tep, and he climbed onto the one above it. Moody wa   till gazing at the map. “Potter…” he  aid  lowly, “you didn't happen, by any chance, to  ee who broke into Snape'  office, did you? On thi  map, I mean?” “Er…yeah, I did…” Harry admitted. “It wa  Mr. Crouch.” Moody'  magical eye whizzed over the entire  urface of the map. He looked  uddenly alarmed. “Crouch?” he  aid. “You're - you're  ure. Potter?” “Po itive,”  aid Harry. “Well, he'  not here anymore,”  aid Moody, hi  eye  till whizzing over the map. “Crouch…that'  very - very intere ting.…” He  aid nothing for almo t a minute,  till  taring at the map. Harry could tell that thi  new  meant  omething to Moody and very much wanted to know what it wa . He wondered whether he dared a k. Moody  cared him  lightly…yet Moody had ju t helped him avoid an awful lot of trouble.… “Er…Profe or Moody…why d'you reckon Mr. Crouch wanted to look around Snape'  office?” Moody'  magical eye left the map and fixed, quivering, upon Harry. It wa  a penetrating glare, and Harry had the impre ion that Moody wa   izing him up, wondering whether to an wer or not, or how much to tell him. “Put it thi  way. Potter,” Moody muttered finally, “they  ay old Mad-Eye'  ob e ed with catching Dark wizard …but I'm nothing - nothing - compared to Barty Crouch.” He continued to  tare at the map. Harry wa  burning to know more. “Profe or Moody?” he  aid again. “D'you think…could thi  have anything to do with…maybe Mr. Crouch think  there'   omething going on.…” “Like what?”  aid Moody  harply. Harry wondered how much he dare  ay. He didn't want Moody to gue  that he had a  ource of information out ide Hogwart ; that might lead to tricky que tion  about Siriu . “I don't know,” Harry muttered, “odd  tuff  been happening lately, ha n't it? It'  been in the Daily Prophet…the Dark Mark at the World Cup, and the Death Eater  and everything.…” Both of Moody'  mi matched eye  widened. “You're a  harp boy. Potter,” he  aid. Hi  magical eye roved back to the Marauder'  Map. “Crouch could be thinking along tho e line ,” he  aid  lowly. “Very po ible…there have been  ome funny rumor  flying around lately - helped along by Rita Skeeter, of cour e. It'  making a lot of people nervou , I reckon.” A grim  mile twi ted hi  lop ided mouth. “Oh if there'  one thing I hate,” he muttered, more to him elf than to Harry, and hi  magical eye wa  fixed on the left-hand corner of the map, “it  a Death Eater who walked free.…” Harry  tared at him. Could Moody po ibly mean what Harry thought he meant? “And now I want to a k you a que tion. Potter,”  aid Moody in a more bu ine like tone. Harry'  heart  ank; he had thought thi  wa  coming. Moody wa  going to a k where he had got thi  map, which wa  a very dubiou  magical object - and the  tory of how it had fallen into hi  hand  incriminated not only him, but hi  own father, Fred and George Wea ley, and Profe or Lupin, their la t Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher. Moody waved the map in front of Harry, who braced him elf- “Can I borrow thi ?” “Oh!”  aid Harry. He wa  very fond of hi  map, but on the other hand, he wa  extremely relieved that Moody wa n't a king where he'd got it, and there wa  no doubt that he owed Moody a favor. “Yeah, okay.” “Good boy,” growled Moody. “I can make good u e of thi …thi  might be exactly what I've been looking for.…Right, bed, Potter, come on, now.…” They climbed to the top of the  tair  together, Moody  till examining the map a  though it wa  a trea ure the like of which he had never  een before. They walked in  ilence to the door of Moody'  office, where he  topped and looked up at Harry. “You ever thought of a career a  an Auror, Potter?” “No,”  aid Harry, taken aback. “You want to con ider it,”  aid Moody, nodding and looking at Harry thoughtfully. “Ye , indeed…and incidentally…I'm gue ing you werent Ju t taking that egg for a walk tonight?” “Er - no,”  aid Harry, grinning. “I've been working out the clue.” Moody winked at him, hi  magical eye going haywire again. “Nothing like a nighttime  troll to give you idea , Potter….See you in the morning.…” He went back into hi  office,  taring down at the Marauder  Map again, and clo ed the door behind him. Harry walked  lowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lo t in thought about Snape, and Crouch, and what it all meant.…Why wa  Crouch pretending to be ill, if he could manage to get to Hogwart  when he wanted to? What did he think Snape wa  concealing in hi  office? And Moody thought he. Harry, ought to be an Auror! Intere ting idea…but  omehow. Harry thought, a  he got quietly into hi  four-po ter ten minute  later, the egg and the cloak now  afely back in hi  trunk, he thought he'd like to check how  carred the re t of them were before he cho e it a  a career. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX THE SECOND TASK “ Y ou  aid you'd already worked out that egg clue!”  aid Hermione indignantly. “Keep your voice down!”  aid Harry cro ly. “I ju t need to -  ort of fine-tune it, all right?” He, Ron, and Hermione were  itting at the very back of the Charm  cla  with a table to them elve . They were  uppo ed to be practicing the oppo ite of the Summoning Charm today - the Bani hing Charm. Owing to the potential for na ty accident  when object  kept flying acro  the room. Profe or Flitwick had given each  tudent a  tack of cu hion  on which to practice, the theory being that the e wouldn't hurt anyone if they went off target. It wa  a good theory, but it wa n't working very well. Neville'  aim wa   o poor that he kept accidentally  ending much heavier thing  flying acro  the room - Profe or Flitwick, for in tance. “Ju t forget the egg for a minute, all right?” Harry hi ed a  Profe or Flitwick went whizzing re ignedly pa t them, landing on top of a large cabinet. “I'm trying to tell you about Snape and Moody.…” Thi  cla  wa  an ideal cover for a private conver ation, a  everyone wa  having far too much fun to pay them any attention. Harry had been recounting hi  adventure  of the previou  night in whi pered in tallment  for the la t half hour. “Snape  aid Moody'   earched hi  office a  well?” Ron whi pered, hi  eye  alight with intere t a  he Bani hed a cu hion with a  weep of hi  wand (it  oared into the air and knocked Parvati'  hat off). “What…d'you reckon Moody'  here to keep an eye on Snape a  well a  Karkaroff?” “Well, I dunno if that'  what Dumbledore a ked him to do, but he'  definitely doing it,”  aid Harry, waving hi  wand without paying much attention,  o that hi  cu hion did an odd  ort of belly flop off the de k. “Moody  aid Dumbledore only let  Snape  tay here becau e he'  giving him a  econd chance or  omething.…” “What?”  aid Ron, hi  eye  widening, hi  next cu hion  pinning high into the air, ricocheting off the chandelier, and dropping heavily onto Flitwick'  de k. “Harry…maybe Moody think  Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire!” “Oh Ron,”  aid Hermione,  haking her head  ceptically, “we thought Snape wa  trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out he wa   aving Harry'  life, remember?” She Bani hed a cu hion and it flew acro  the room and landed in the box they were all  uppo ed to be aiming at. Harry looked at Hermione, thinking…it wa  true that Snape had  aved hi  life once, but the odd thing wa , Snape definitely loathed him, ju t a  he'd loathed Harry'  father when they had been at  chool together. Snape loved taking point  from Harry, and had certainly never mi ed an opportunity to give him puni hment , or even to  ugge t that he  hould be  u pended from the  chool. “I don't care what Moody  ay ,” Hermione went on. “Dumbledore'  not  tupid. He wa  right to tru t Hagrid and Profe or Lupin, even though load  of people wouldn't have given them job ,  o why  houldn't he be right about Snape, even if Snape i  a bit -” “- evil,”  aid Ron promptly. “Come on, Hermione, why are all the e Dark wizard catcher   earching hi  office, then?” “Why ha  Mr. Crouch been pretending to be ill?”  aid Hermione, ignoring Ron. “It  a bit funny, i n't it, that he cant manage to come to the Yule Ball, but he can get up here in the middle of the night when he want  to?” “You ju t don't like Crouch becau e of that elf, Winky,”  aid Ron,  ending a cu hion  oaring into the window. “You ju t want to think Snape'  up to  omething,”  aid Hermione,  ending her cu hion zooming neatly into the box. “I ju t want to know what Snape did with hi  fir t chance, if he'  on hi   econd one,”  aid Harry grimly, and hi  cu hion, to hi  very great  urpri e, flew  traight acro  the room and landed neatly on top of Hermione' . Obedient to Siriu '  wi h of hearing about anything odd at Hogwart , Harry  ent him a letter by brown owl that night, explaining all about Mr. Crouch breaking into Snape'  office, and Moody and Snape'  conver ation. Then Harry turned hi  attention in earne t to the mo t urgent problem facing him: how to  urvive underwater for an hour on the twenty-fourth of February. Ron quite liked the idea of u ing the Summoning Charm again - Harry had explained about Aqua-Lung , and Ron couldn't  ee why Harry  houldn't Summon one from the neare t Muggle town. Hermione  qua hed thi  plan by pointing out that, in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the  et limit of an hour, he wa   ure to be di qualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy - it wa  too much to hope that no Muggle  would  pot an Aqua-Lung zooming acro  the country ide to Hogwart . “Of cour e, the ideal  olution would be for you to Tran figure your elf into a  ubmarine or  omething,” Hermione  aid. “If only we'd done human Tran figuration already! But I don't think we  tart that until  ixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you don't know what you're doing.…” “Yeah, I don't fancy walking around with a peri cope  ticking out of my head,”  aid Harry. “I  'po e I could alway  attack  omeone in front of Moody; he might do it for me.…” “I don't think he'd let you choo e what you wanted to be turned into, though,”  aid Hermione  eriou ly. “No, I think your be t chance i   ome  ort of charm.” So Harry, thinking that he would  oon have had enough of the library to la t him a lifetime, buried him elf once more among the du ty volume , looking for any  pell that might enable a human to  urvive without oxygen. However, though he, Ron, and Hermione  earched through their lunchtime , evening , and whole weekend  - though Harry a ked Profe or McGonagall for a note of permi ion to u e the Re tricted Section, and even a ked the irritable, vulture-like librarian. Madam Pince, for help - they found nothing what oever that would enable Harry to  pend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale. Familiar fluttering  of panic were  tarting to di turb Harry now, and he wa  finding it difficult to concentrate in cla  again. The lake, which Harry had alway  taken for granted a  ju t another feature of the ground , drew hi  eye  whenever he wa  near a cla room window, a great, iron-gray ma  of chilly water, who e dark and icy depth  were  tarting to  eem a  di tant a  the moon. Ju t a  it had before he faced the Horntail, time wa   lipping away a  though  omebody had bewitched the clock  to go extra-fa t. There wa  a week to go before February the twenty-fourth (there wa   till time)…there were five day  to go (he wa  bound to find  omething  oon)…three day  to go (plea e let me find  omething…plea e)… With two day  left. Harry  tarted to go off food again. The only good thing about breakfa t on Monday wa  the return of the brown owl he had  ent to Siriu . He pulled off the parchment, unrolled it, and  aw the  horte t letter Siriu  had ever written to him. Send date of next Hog meade weekend by return owl. Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hoping to  ee  omething el e, but it wa  blank. “Weekend after next,” whi pered Hermione, who had read the note over Harry'   houlder. “Here - take my quill and  end thi  owl back  traight away.” Harry  cribbled the date  down on the back of Siriu '  letter, tied it onto the brown owl'  leg, and watched it take flight again. What had he expected? Advice on how to  urvive underwater? He had been  o intent on telling Siriu  all about Snape and Moody he had completely forgotten to mention the egg'  clue. “What'  he want to know about the next Hog meade weekend for?”  aid Ron. “Dunno,”  aid Harry dully. The momentary happine  that had flared in ide him at the  ight of the owl had died. “Come on…Care of Magical Creature .” Whether Hagrid wa  trying to make up for the Bla t-Ended Skrewt , or becau e there were now only two  krewt  left, or becau e he wa  trying to prove he could do anything that Profe or Grubbly-Plank could. Harry didnt know, but Hagrid had been continuing her le on  on unicorn  ever  ince he'd returned to work. It turned out that Hagrid knew quite a  much about unicorn  a  he did about mon ter , though it wa  clear that he found their lack of poi onou  fang  di appointing. Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foal . Unlike full-grown unicorn , they were pure gold. Parvati and Lavender went into tran port  of delight at the  ight of them, and even Pan y Parkin on had to work hard to conceal how much  he liked them. “Ea ier ter  pot than the adult ,” Hagrid told the cla . "They turn  ilver when they're abou' two year  old, an' they grow horn  at aroun four. Don' go pure white till they're full grown, 'round about  even. They're a bit more tru tin' when they're babie …don' mind boy   o much.…C'mon, move in a bit, yeh can pat 'em if yeh want…give 'em a few o' the e  ugar lump .… “You okay. Harry?” Hagrid muttered, moving a ide  lightly, while mo t of the other   warmed around the baby unicorn . “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Ju ' nervou , eh?”  aid Hagrid. “Bit,”  aid Harry. “Harry,”  aid Hagrid, clapping a ma ive hand on hi   houlder,  o that Harry'  knee  buckled under it  weight, “I'd've bin worried before I  aw yeh take on tha Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin' yeh  et yer mind ter. I'm not worried at all. Yeh're goin ter be fine. Got yer clue worked out, haven' yeh?” Harry nodded, but even a  he did  o, an in ane urge to confe  that he didn't have any idea how to  urvive at the bottom of the lake for an hour came over him. He looked up at Hagrid - perhap  he had to go into the lake  ometime , to deal with the creature  in it? He looked after everything el e on the ground , after all - “Yeh're goin' ter win,” Hagrid growled, patting Harry'   houlder again,  o that Harry actually felt him elf  ink a couple of inche  into the  oft ground. “I know it. I can feel it. Yeh're goin' ter win, Harry.” Harry ju t couldn't bring him elf to wipe the happy, confident  mile off Hagrid'  face. Pretending he wa  intere ted in the young unicorn , he forced a  mile in return, and moved forward to pat them with the other . By the evening before the  econd ta k. Harry felt a  though he were trapped in a nightmare. He wa  fully aware that even if, by  ome miracle, he managed to find a  uitable  pell, he'd have a real job ma tering it overnight. How could he have let thi  happen? Why hadn't he got to work on the egg'  clue  ooner? Why had he ever let hi  mind wander in cla  - what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater? He  at with Hermione and Ron in the library a  the  un  et out ide, tearing feveri hly through page after page of  pell , hidden from one another by the ma ive pile  of book  on the de k in front of each of them. Harry'  heart gave a huge leap every time he  aw the word “water” on a page, but more often than not it wa  merely “Take two pint  of water, half a pound of  hredded mandrake leave , and a newt…” “I don't reckon it can be done,”  aid Ron'  voice flatly from the other  ide of the table. “There'  nothing. Nothing. Clo e t wa  that thing to dry up puddle  and pond , that Drought Charm, but that wa  nowhere near powerful enough to drain the lake.” “There mu t be  omething,” Hermione muttered, moving a candle clo er to her. Her eye  were  o tired  he wa  poring over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchment  and Charme  with her no e about an inch from the page. “They'd never have  et a ta k that wa  undoable.” “They have,”  aid Ron. “Harry, ju t go down to the lake tomorrow, right,  tick your head in, yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they've nicked, and  ee if they chuck it out. Be t you can do, mate.” “There'  a way of doing it!” Hermione  aid cro ly. “There ju t ha  to be!” She  eemed to be taking the library'  lack of u eful information on the  ubject a  a per onal in ult; it had never failed her before. “I know what I  hould have done,”  aid Harry, re ting, face-down, on Saucy Trick  for Tricky Sort . “I  hould've learned to be an Animagu  like Siriu .” An Animagu  wa  a wizard who could tran form into an animal. “Yeah, you could've turned into a goldfi h any time you wanted!”  aid Ron. “Or a frog,” yawned Harry. He wa  exhau ted. “It take  year  to become an Animagu , and then you have to regi ter your elf and everything,”  aid Hermione vaguely, now  quinting down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemma  and Their Solution . “Profe or McGonagall told u , remember…you've got to regi ter your elf with the Improper U e of Magic Office…what animal you become, and your marking ,  o you can't abu e it…” “…Hermione, I wa  joking,”  aid Harry wearily. “I know I haven't got a chance of turning into a frog by tomorrow morning.…” “Oh thi  i  no u e,” Hermione  aid,  napping  hut Weird Wizarding Dilemma . “Who on earth want  to make their no e hair grow into ringlet ?” “I wouldn't mind,”  aid Fred Wea ley'  voice. “Be a talking point, wouldn't it?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up. Fred and George had ju t emerged from behind  ome book helve . “What're you two doing here?” Ron a ked. “Looking for you,”  aid George. “McGonagall want  you, Ron. And you, Hermione.” “Why?”  aid Hermione, looking  urpri ed. “Dunno… he wa  looking a bit grim, though,”  aid Fred. “We're  uppo ed to take you down to her office,”  aid George. Ron and Hermione  tared at Harry, who felt hi   tomach drop. Wa  Profe or McGonagall about to tell Ron and Hermione off? Perhap   he'd noticed how much they were helping him, when he ought to be working out how to do the ta k alone? “We'll meet you back in the common room,” Hermione told Harry a   he got up to go with Ron - both of them looked very anxiou . “Bring a  many of the e book  a  you can, okay?” “Right,”  aid Harry unea ily. By eight o'clock. Madam Pince had extingui hed all the lamp  and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. Staggering under the weight of a  many book  a  he could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into a corner, and continued to  earch. There wa  nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlock …nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery…not one mention of underwater exploit  in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charm , or in Dreadful Denizen  of the Deep, or Power  You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now You've Wi ed Up. Crook hank  crawled into Harry'  lap and curled up, purring deeply. The common room emptied  lowly around Harry. People kept wi hing him luck for the next morning in cheery, confident voice  like Hagrid' , all of them apparently convinced that he wa  about to pull off another  tunning performance like the one he had managed in the fir t ta k. Harry couldn't an wer them, he ju t nodded, feeling a  though there were a golfball  tuck in hi  throat. By ten to midnight, he wa  alone in the room with Crook hank . He had  earched all the remaining book , and Ron and Hermione had not come back. It'  over, he told him elf. You can't do it. You'll ju t have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judge .… He imagined him elf explaining that he couldn't do the ta k. He pictured Bagman'  look of round-eyed  urpri e, Karkaroff   ati fied, yellow-toothed  mile. He could almo t hear Fleur Delacour  aying “I knew it…'e i  too young, 'e i  only a little boy.” He  aw Malfoy fla hing hi  POTTER STINKS badge at the front of the crowd,  aw Hagrid'  cre tfallen, di believing face.… Forgetting that Crook hank  wa  on hi  lap. Harry  tood up very  uddenly; Crook hank  hi ed angrily a  he landed on the floor, gave Harry a di gu ted look, and  talked away with hi  bottlebru h tail in the air, but Harry wa  already hurrying up the  piral  tairca e to hi  dormitory.…He would grab the Invi ibility Cloak and go back to the library, he'd  tay there all night if he had to.… “Lumo ,” Harry whi pered fifteen minute  later a  he opened the library door. Wand tip alight, he crept along the book helve , pulling down more book  - book  of hexe  and charm , book  on merpeople and water mon ter , book  on famou  witche  and wizard , on magical invention , on anything at all that might include one pa ing reference to underwater  urvival. He carried them over to a table, then  et to work,  earching them by the narrow beam of hi  wand, occa ionally checking hi  watch.… One in the morning…two in the morning…the only way he could keep going wa  to tell him elf, over and over again, next book…in the next one…the next one… The mermaid in the painting in the prefect ' bathroom wa  laughing. Harry wa  bobbing like a cork in bubbly water next to her rock, while  he held hi  Firebolt over hi  head. “Come and get it!”  he giggled maliciou ly. “Come on, jump!” “I can't,” Harry panted,  natching at the Firebolt, and  truggling not to  ink. “Give it to me!” But  he ju t poked him painfully in the  ide with the end of the broom tick, laughing at him. “That hurt  - get off - ouch -” “Harry Potter mu t wake up,  ir!” “Stop poking me -” “Dobby mu t poke Harry Potter,  ir, he mu t wake up!” Harry opened hi  eye . He wa   till in the library; the Invi ibility Cloak had  lipped off hi  head a  he'd  lept, and the  ide of hi  face wa   tuck to the page  of Where There'  a Wand, There'  a Way. He  at up,  traightening hi  gla e , blinking in the bright daylight. “Harry Potter need  to hurry!”  queaked Dobby. “The  econd ta k  tart  in ten minute , and Harry Potter -” “Ten minute ?” Harry croaked. “Ten - ten minute ?” He looked down at hi  watch. Dobby wa  right. It wa  twenty pa t nine. A large, dead weight  eemed to fall through Harry'  che t into hi   tomach. “Hurry, Harry Potter!”  queaked Dobby, plucking at Harry'   leeve. “You i   uppo ed to be down by the lake with the other champion ,  ir!” “It'  too late, Dobby,” Harry  aid hopele ly. “I'm not doing the ta k, I don't know how -” “Harry Potter will do the ta k!”  queaked the elf. “Dobby knew Harry had not found the right book,  o Dobby did it for him!” “What?”  aid Harry. “But you don't know what the  econd ta k i  -” “Dobby know ,  ir! Harry Potter ha  to go into the lake and find hi  Wheezy -” “Find my what?” “- and take hi  Wheezy back from the merpeople!” “What'  a Wheezy?” “Your Wheezy,  ir, your Wheezy-Wheezy who i  giving Dobby hi   weater!” Dobby plucked at the  hrunken maroon  weater he wa  now wearing over hi   hort . “What?” Harry ga ped. “They've got…they've got Ron?” “The thing Harry Potter will mi  mo t,  ir!”  queaked Dobby. “'But pa t an hour-'” “- 'the pro pect'  black,'” Harry recited,  taring, horror- truck, at the elf. “'Too late, it'  gone, it won't come back.' Dobby - what've I got to do?” “You ha  to eat thi ,  ir!”  queaked the elf, and he put hi  hand in the pocket of hi   hort  and drew out a ball of what looked like  limy, grayi h-green rat tail . “Right before you go into the lake,  ir - gillyweed!” “What'  it do?”  aid Harry,  taring at the gillyweed. “It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater,  ir!” “Dobby,”  aid Harry frantically, “li ten - are you  ure about thi ?” He couldn't quite forget that the la t time Dobby had tried to “help” him, he had ended up with no bone  in hi  right arm. “Dobby i  quite  ure,  ir!”  aid the elf earne tly. “Dobby hear  thing ,  ir, he i  a hou e-elf, he goe  all over the ca tle a  he light  the fire  and mop  the floor . Dobby heard Profe or McGonagall and Profe or Moody in the  taffroom, talking about the next ta k.…Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lo e hi  Wheezy!” Harry'  doubt  vani hed. Jumping to hi  feet he pulled off the Invi ibility Cloak,  tuffed it into hi  bag, grabbed the gillyweed, and put it into hi  pocket, then tore out of the library with Dobby at hi  heel . “Dobby i   uppo ed to be in the kitchen ,  ir!” Dobby  quealed a  they bur t into the corridor. “Dobby will be mi ed - good luck, Harry Potter,  ir, good luck!” “See you later, Dobby!” Harry  houted, and he  printed along the corridor and down the  tair , three at a time. The entrance hall contained a few la t-minute  traggler , all leaving the Great Hall after breakfa t and heading through the double oak door  to watch the  econd ta k. They  tared a  Harry fla hed pa t,  ending Colin and Denni  Creevey flying a  he leapt down the  tone  tep  and out onto the bright, chilly ground . A  he pounded down the lawn he  aw that the  eat  that had encircled the dragon ' enclo ure in November were now ranged along the oppo ite bank, ri ing in  tand  that were packed to the bur ting point and reflected in the lake below. The excited babble of the crowd echoed  trangely acro  the water a  Harry ran flat-out around the other  ide of the lake toward the judge , who were  itting at another gold-draped table at the water'  edge. Cedric, Fleur, and Krum were be ide the judge ' table, watching Harry  print toward them. “I'm…here…” Harry panted,  kidding to a halt in the mud and accidentally  plattering Fleur'  robe . “Where have you been?”  aid a bo y, di approving voice. “The ta k'  about to  tart!” Harry looked around. Percy Wea ley wa   itting at the judge ' table - Mr. Crouch had failed to turn up again. “Now, now, Percy!”  aid Ludo Bagman, who wa  looking inten ely relieved to  ee Harry. “Let him catch hi  breath!” Dumbledore  miled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn't look at all plea ed to  ee him.…It wa  obviou  from the look  on their face  that they had thought he wa n't going to turn up. Harry bent over, hand  on hi  knee , ga ping for breath; he had a  titch in hi   ide that felt a  though he had a knife between hi  rib , but there wa  no time to get rid of it; Ludo Bagman wa  now moving among the champion ,  pacing them along the bank at interval  of ten feet. Harry wa  on the very end of the line, next to Krum, who wa  wearing  wimming trunk  and wa  holding hi  wand ready. “All right. Harry?” Bagman whi pered a  he moved Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. “Know what you're going to do?” “Yeah,” Harry panted, ma aging hi  rib . Bagman gave Harry'   houlder a quick  queeze and returned to the judge ' table; he pointed hi  wand at hi  throat a  he had done at the World Cup,  aid, “Sonoru !” and hi  voice boomed out acro  the dark water toward the  tand . “Well, all our champion  are ready for the  econd ta k, which will  tart on my whi tle. They have preci ely an hour to recover what ha  been taken from them. On the count of three, then. One…two…three!” The whi tle echoed  hrilly in the cold,  till air; the  tand  erupted with cheer  and applau e; without looking to  ee what the other champion  were doing, Harry pulled off hi   hoe  and  ock , pulled the handful of gillyweed out of hi  pocket,  tuffed it into hi  mouth, and waded out into the lake. It wa   o cold he felt the  kin on hi  leg   earing a  though thi  were fire, not icy water. Hi   odden robe  weighed him down a  he walked in deeper; now the water wa  over hi  knee , and hi  rapidly numbing feet were  lipping over  ilt and flat,  limy  tone . He wa  chewing the gillyweed a  hard and fa t a  he could; it felt unplea antly  limy and rubbery, like octopu  tentacle . Wai t-deep in the freezing water he  topped,  wallowed, and waited for  omething to happen. He could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he mu t look  tupid, walking into the lake without  howing any  ign of magical power. The part of him that wa   till dry wa  covered in goo e pimple ; half immer ed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting hi  hair, Harry  tarted to  hiver violently. He avoided looking at the  tand ; the laughter wa  becoming louder, and there were catcall  and jeering from the Slytherin .… Then, quite  uddenly, Harry felt a  though an invi ible pillow had been pre ed over hi  mouth and no e. He tried to draw breath, but it made hi  head  pin; hi  lung  were empty, and he  uddenly felt a piercing pain on either  ide of hi  neck - Harry clapped hi  hand  around hi  throat and felt two large  lit  ju t below hi  ear , flapping in the cold air.…He had gill . Without pau ing to think, he did the only thing that made  en e - he flung him elf forward into the water. The fir t gulp of icy lake water felt like the breath of life. Hi  head had  topped  pinning; he took another great gulp of water and felt it pa   moothly through hi  gill ,  ending oxygen back to hi  brain. He  tretched out hi  hand  in front of him and  tared at them. They looked green and gho tly under the water, and they had become webbed. He twi ted around and looked at hi  bare feet - they had become elongated and the toe  were webbed too: It looked a  though he had  prouted flipper . The water didn't feel icy anymore either…on the contrary, he felt plea antly cool and very light.…Harry  truck out once more, marveling at how far and fa t hi  flipper-like feet propelled him through the vater, and noticing how clearly he could  ee, and how he no longer  eemed to need to blink. He had  oon  wum  o far into the lake that he could no longer  ee the bottom. He flipped over and dived into it  depth . Silence pre ed upon hi  ear  a  he  oared over a  trange, dark, foggy land cape. He could only  ee ten feet around him,  o that a  he  ped throuugh the water new  cene   eemed to loom  uddenly out of the incoming darkne : fore t  of rippling, tangled black weed, wide plain  of mud littered with dull, glimmering  tone . He  wam deeper and deeper, out toward the middle of the lake, hi  eye  wide,  taring through the eerily gray-lit water around him to the  hadow beyond, where the water became opaque. Small fi h flickered pa t him like  ilver dart . Once or twice he thought he  aw  omething larger moving ahead of him, but when he got nearer, he di covered it to be nothing but a large, blackened log, or a den e clump of weed. There wa  no  ign of any of the other champion , merpeople, Ron - nor, thankfully, the giant  quid. Light green weed  tretched ahead of him a  far a  he could  ee, two feet deep, like a meadow of very overgrown gra . Harry wa   taring unblinkingly ahead of him, trying to di cern  hape  through the gloom…and then, without warning,  omething grabbed hold of hi  ankle. Harry twi ted hi  body around and  aw a grindylow, a  mall, horned water demon, poking out of the weed, it  long finger  clutched tightly around Harry'  leg, it  pointed fang  bared - Harry  tuck hi  webbed hand quickly in ide hi  robe  and fumbled for hi  wand. By the time he had gra ped it, two more grindylow  had ri en out of the weed, had  eized handful  of Harry'  robe , and were attempting to drag him down. “Rela hio!” Harry  houted, except that no  ound came out.…A large bubble i ued from hi  mouth, and hi  wand, in tead of  ending  park  at the grindylow , pelted them with what  eemed to be a jet of boiling water, for where it  truck them, angry red patche  appeared on their green  kin. Harry pulled hi  ankle out of the grindylow  grip and  wam, a  fa t a  he could, occa ionally  ending more jet  of hot water over hi   houlder at random; every now and then he felt one of the grindylow   natch at hi  foot again, and he kicked out, hard; finally, he felt hi  foot connect with a horned  kull, and looking back,  aw the dazed grindylow floating away, cro -eyed, while it  fellow   hook their fi t  at Harry and  ank back into the weed. Harry  lowed down a little,  lipped hi  wand back in ide hi  robe , and looked around, li tening again. He turned full circle in the water, the  ilence pre ing harder than ever again t hi  eardrum . He knew he mu t be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing wa  moving but the rippling weed. “How are you getting on?” Harry thought he wa  having a heart attack. He whipped around and  aw Moaning Myrtle floating hazily in front of him, gazing at him through her thick, pearly gla e . “Myrtle!” Harry tried to  hout - but once again, nothing came out of hi  mouth but a very large bubble. Moaning Myrtle actually giggled. “You want to try over there!”  he  aid, pointing. “I won't come with you.…I don't like them much, they alway  cha e me when I get too clo e.…” Harry gave her the thumb -up to  how hi  thank  and  et off once more, careful to  wim a bit higher over the weed to avoid any more grindylow  that might be lurking there. He  wam on for what felt like at lea t twenty minute . He wa  pa ing over va t expan e  of black mud now, which  wirled murkily a  he di turbed the water. Then, at long la t, he heard a  natch of haunting mer ong. "An hour long you'll have to look, And to recover what we took…" Harry  wam fa ter and  oon  aw a large rock emerge out of the muddy water ahead. It had painting  of merpeople on it; they were carrying  pear  and cha ing what looked like the giant  quid. Harry  wam on pa t the rock, following the mer ong. "…your time'  half gone,  o tarry not Le t what you  eek  tay  here to rot.…" A clu ter of crude  tone dwelling   tained with algae loomed  uddenly out of the gloom on all  ide . Here and there at the dark window , Harry  aw face …face  that bore no re emblance at all to the painting of the mermaid in the prefect ' bathroom.… The merpeople had grayi h  kin and long, wild, dark green hair. Their eye  were yellow, a  were their broken teeth, and they wore thick rope  of pebble  around their neck . They leered at Harry a  he  wam pa t; one or two of them emerged from their cave  to watch him better, their powerful,  ilver fi h tail  beating the water,  pear  clutched in their hand . Harry  ped on,  taring around, and  oon the dwelling  became more numerou ; there were garden  of weed around  ome of them, and he even  aw a pet grindylow tied to a  take out ide one door. Merpeople were emerging on all  ide  now, watching him eagerly, pointing at hi  webbed hand  and gill , talking behind their hand  to one another. Harry  ped around a corner and a very  trange  ight met hi  eye . A whole crowd of merpeople wa  floating in front of the hou e  that lined what looked like a mer-ver ion of a village  quare. A choir of merpeople wa   inging in the middle, calling the champion  toward them, and behind them ro e a crude  ort of  tatue; a gigantic merper on hewn from a boulder. Four people were bound tightly to the tail of the  tone merper on. Ron wa  tied between Hermione and Cho Chang. There wa  al o a girl who looked no older than eight, who e cloud  of  ilvery hair made Harry feel  ure that  he wa  Fleur Delacour'   i ter. All four of them appeared to be in a very deep  leep. Their head  were lolling onto their  houlder , and fine  tream  of bubble  kept i uing from their mouth . Harry  ped toward the ho tage , half expecting the merpeople to lower their  pear  and charge at him, but they did nothing. The rope  of weed tying the ho tage  to the  tatue were thick,  limy, and very  trong. For a fleeting  econd he thought of the knife Siriu  had bought him for Chri tma  - locked in hi  trunk in the ca tle a quarter of a mile away, no u e to him what oever. He looked around. Many of the merpeople  urrounding them were carrying  pear . He  wam  wiftly toward a  even-foot-tall merman with a long green beard and a choker of  hark fang  and tried to mime a reque t to borrow the  pear. The merman laughed and  hook hi  head. “We do not help,” he  aid in a har h, croaky voice. “Come ON!” Harry  aid fiercely (but only bubble  i ued from hi  mouth), and he tried to pull the  pear away from the merman, but the merman yanked it back,  till  haking hi  head and laughing. Harry  wirled around,  taring about. Something  harp…anything… There were rock  littering the lake bottom. He dived and  natched up a particularly jagged one and returned to the  tatue. He began to hack at the rope  binding Ron, and after  everal minute ' hard work, they broke apart. Ron floated, uncon ciou , a few inche  above the lake bottom, drifting a little in the ebb of the water. Harry looked around. There wa  no  ign of any of the other champion . What were they playing at? Why didn't they hurry up? He turned back to Hermione, rai ed the jagged rock, and began to hack at her binding  too - At once,  everal pair  of  trong gray hand   eized him. Half a dozen mermen were pulling him away from Hermione,  haking their green-haired head , and laughing. “You take your own ho tage,” one of them  aid to him. “Leave the other …” “No way!”  aid Harry furiou ly - but only two large bubble  came out. Your ta k i  to retrieve your own friend…leave the other …" She'  my friend too!“ Harry yelled, ge turing toward Hermione, an enormou   ilver bubble emerging  oundle ly from hi  lip . ”And I don't want them to die either!" Cho'  head wa  on Hermione'   houlder; the  mall  ilver-haired girl wa  gho tly green and pale. Harry  truggled to fight off the mermen, but they laughed harder than ever, holding him back. Harry looked wildly around. Where were the other champion ? Would he have time to take Ron to the  urface and come back down for Hermione and the other ? Would he be able to find them again? He looked down at hi  watch to  ee how much time wa  left - it had  topped working. But then the merpeople around him pointed excitedly over hi  head. Harry looked up and  aw Cedric  wimming toward them. There wa  an enormou  bubble around hi  head, which made hi  feature  look oddly wide and  tretched. “Got lo t!” he mouthed, looking panic- tricken. “Fleur and Krum're coming now!” Feeling enormou ly relieved, Harry watched Cedric pull a knife out of hi  pocket and cut Cho free. He pulled her upward and out of  ight. Harry looked around, waiting. Where were Fleur and Krum? Time wa  getting  hort, and according to the  ong, the ho tage  would be lo t after an hour.… The merpeople  tarted  creeching animatedly. Tho e holding Harry loo ened their grip,  taring behind them. Harry turned and  aw  omething mon trou  cutting through the water toward them: a human body in  wimming trunk  with the head of a  hark.…It wa  Krum. He appeared to have tran figured him elf - but badly. The  hark-man  wam  traight to Hermione and began  napping and biting at her rope ; the trouble wa  that Krum'  new teeth were po itioned very awkwardly for biting anything  maller than a dolphin, and Harry wa  quite  ure that if Krum wa n't careful, he wa  going to rip Hermione in half. Darting forward. Harry hit Krum hard on the  houlder and held up the jagged  tone. Krum  eized it and began to cut Hermione free. Within  econd , he had done it; he grabbed Hermione around the wai t, and without a backward glance, began to ri e rapidly with her toward the  urface. Now what? Harry thought de perately. If he could be  ure that Fleur wa  coming.…But  till no  ign. There wa  nothing to be done except… He  natched up the  tone, which Krum had dropped, but the mermen now clo ed in around Ron and the little girl,  haking their head  at him. Harry pulled out hi  wand. “Get out of the way!” Only bubble  flew out of hi  mouth, but he had the di tinct impre ion that the mermen had under tood him, becau e they  uddenly  topped laughing. Their yellowi h eye  were fixed upon Harry'  wand, and they looked  cared. There might be a lot more of them than there were of him, but Harry could tell, by the look  on their face , that they knew no more magic than the giant  quid did. “You've got until three!” Harry  houted; a great  tream of bubble  bur t from him, but he held up three finger  to make  ure they got the me age. “One…” (he put down a finger) “two…”(he put down a  econd one) - They  cattered. Harry darted forward and began to hack at the rope  binding the  mall girl to the  tatue, and at la t  he wa  free. He  eized the little girl around the wai t, grabbed the neck of Ron'  robe , and kicked off from the bottom. It wa  very  low work. He could no longer u e hi  webbed hand  to propel him elf forward; he worked hi  flipper  furiou ly, but Ron and Fleur'   i ter were like potato-filled  ack  dragging him back down.…He fixed hi  eye   kyward, though he knew he mu t  till be very deep, the water above him wa   o dark.… Merpeople were ri ing with him. He could  ee them  wirling around him with ea e, watching him  truggle through the water.…Would they pull him back down to the depth  when the time wa  up? Did they perhap  eat human ? Harry'  leg  were  eizing up with the effort to keep  wimming; hi   houlder  were aching horribly with the effort of dragging Ron and the girl… He wa  drawing breath with extreme difficulty. He could feel pain on the  ide  of hi  neck again…he wa  becoming very aware of how wet the water wa  in hi  mouth…yet the darkne  wa  definitely thinning now…he could  ee daylight above him.… He kicked hard with hi  flipper  and di covered that they were nothing more than feet…water wa  flooding through hi  mouth into hi  lung …he wa   tarting to feel dizzy, but he knew light and air were only ten feet above him…he had to get there…he had to… Harry kicked hi  leg   o hard and fa t it felt a  though hi  mu cle  were  creaming in prote t; hi  very brain felt waterlogged, he couldn't breathe, he needed oxygen, he had to keep going, he could not  top - And then he felt hi  head break the  urface of the lake; wonderful, cold, clear air wa  making hi  wet face  ting; he gulped it down, feeling a  though he had never breathed properly before, and, panting, pulled Ron and the little girl up with him. All around him, wild, green-haired head  were emerging out of the water with him, but they were  miling at him. The crowd in the  tand  wa  making a great deal of noi e;  houting and  creaming, they all  eemed to be on their feet; Harry had the impre ion they thought that Ron and the little girl might be dead, but they were wrong…both of them had opened their eye ; the girl looked  cared and confu ed, but Ron merely expelled a great  pout of water, blinked in the bright light, turned to Harry, and  aid, “Wet, thi , i n't it?” Then he  potted Fleur'   i ter. “What did you bring her for?” “Fleur didn't turn up, I couldn't leave her,” Harry panted. “Harry, you prat,”  aid Ron, “you didn't take that  ong thing  eriou ly, did you? Dumbledore wouldn't have let any of u  drown!” “The  ong  aid -” “It wa  only to make  ure you got back in ide the time limit!”  aid Ron. “I hope you didn't wa te time down there acting the hero!” Harry felt both  tupid and annoyed. It wa  all very well for Ron; he'd been a leep, he hadn't felt how eerie it wa  down in the lake,  urrounded by  pear-carrying merpeople who'd looked more than capable of murder. “C'mon,” Harry  aid  hortly, “help me with her, I don't think  he can  wim very well.” They pulled Fleur'   i ter through the water, back toward the bank where the judge   tood watching, twenty merpeople accompanying them like a guard of honor,  inging their horrible  creechy  ong . Harry could  ee Madam Pomfrey fu ing over Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were wrapped in thick blanket . Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman  tood beaming at Harry and Ron from the bank a  they  wam nearer, but Percy, who looked very white and  omehow much younger than u ual, came  pla hing out to meet them. Meanwhile Madame Maxime wa  trying to re train Fleur Delacour, who wa  quite hy terical, fighting tooth and nail to return to the water. “Gabrielle! Gabrielle! I   he alive? I   he 'urt?” “She'  fine!” Harry tried to tell her, but he wa   o exhau ted he could hardly talk, let alone  hout. Percy  eized Ron and wa  dragging him back to the bank (“Gerroff, Percy, I'm all right!”); Dumbledore and Bagman were pulling Harry upright; Fleur had broken free of Madame Maxime and wa  hugging her  i ter. “It wa  ze grindylow …zey attacked me…oh Gabrielle, I thought…I thought…” “Come here, you,”  aid Madam Pomfrey. She  eized Harry and pulled him over to Hermione and the other , wrapped him  o tightly in a blanket that he felt a  though he were in a  traitjacket, and forced a mea ure of very hot potion down hi  throat. Steam gu hed out of hi  ear . “Harry, well done!” Hermione cried. “You did it, you found out how all by your elf!” “Well -”  aid Harry. He would have told her about Dobby, but he had ju t noticed Karkaroff watching him. He wa  the only judge who had not left the table; the only judge not  howing  ign  of plea ure and relief that Harry, Ron, and Fleur'   i ter had got back  afely. “Yeah, that'  right,”  aid Harry, rai ing hi  voice  lightly  o that Karkaroff could hear him. “You haff a water beetle in your hair, Herm-own-ninny,”  aid Krum. Harry had the impre ion that Krum wa  drawing her attention back onto him elf; perhap  to remind her that he had ju t re cued her from the lake, but Hermione bru hed away the beetle impatiently and  aid, “You're well out ide the time limit, though, Harry.…Did it take you age  to find u ?” “No…I found you okay.…” Harry'  feeling of  tupidity wa  growing. Now he wa  out of the water, it  eemed perfectly clear that Dumbledore   afety precaution  wouldn't have permitted the death of a ho tage ju t becau e their champion hadn't turned up. Why hadn't he ju t grabbed Ron and gone? He would have been fir t back.…Cedric and Krum hadn't wa ted time worrying about anyone el e; they hadn't taken the mer ong  eriou ly.… Dumbledore wa  crouching at the water'  edge, deep in conver ation with what  eemed to be the chief merper on, a particularly wild and ferociou -looking female. He wa  making the  ame  ort of  creechy noi e  that the merpeople made when they were above water; clearly, Dumbledore could  peak Mermi h. Finally he  traightened up, turned to hi  fellow judge , and  aid, “A conference before we give the mark , I think.” The judge  went into a huddle. Madam Pomfrey had gone to re cue Ron from Percy'  clutche ;  he led him over to Harry and the other , gave him a blanket and  ome Pepperup Potion, then went to fetch Fleur and her  i ter. Fleur had many cut  on her face and arm  and her robe  were torn, but  he didn't  eem to care, nor would  he allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them. “Look after Gabrielle,”  he told her, and then  he turned to Harry. “You  aved 'er,”  he  aid breathle ly. “Even though  he wa  not your 'o tage.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, who wa  now heartily wi hing he'd left all three girl  tied to the  tatue. Fleur bent down, ki ed Harry twice on each cheek (he felt hi  face burn and wouldn't have been  urpri ed if  team wa  coming out of hi  ear  again), then  aid to Ron, “And you too-you 'elped -” “Yeah,”  aid Ron, looking extremely hopeful, “yeah, a bit -” Fleur  wooped down on him too and ki ed him. Hermione looked  imply furiou , but ju t then, Ludo Bagman'  magically magnified voice boomed out be ide them, making them all jump, and cau ing the crowd in the  tand  to go very quiet. "Ladie  and gentlemen, we have reached our deci ion. Merchieftaine  Murcu  ha  told u  exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have therefore decided to award mark  out of fifty for each of the champion , a  follow .… “Fleur Delacour, though  he demon trated excellent u e of the Bubble-Head Charm, wa  attacked by grindylow  a   he approached her goal, and failed to retrieve her ho tage. We award her twenty-five point .” Applau e from the  tand . “I de erved zero,”  aid Fleur throatily,  haking her magnificent head. “Cedric Diggory, who al o u ed the Bubble-Head Charm, wa  fir t to return with hi  ho tage, though he returned one minute out ide the time limit of an hour.” Enormou  cheer  from the Hufflepuff  in the crowd; Harry  aw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. “We therefore award him forty- even point .” Harry'  heart  ank. If Cedric had been out ide the time limit, he mo t certainly had been. “Viktor Krum u ed an incomplete form of Tran figuration, which wa  neverthele  effective, and wa   econd to return with hi  ho tage. We award him forty point .” Karkaroff clapped particularly hard, looking very  uperior. “Harry Potter u ed gillyweed to great effect,” Bagman continued. “He returned la t, and well out ide the time limit of an hour. However, the Merchieftaine  inform  u  that Mr. Potter wa  fir t to reach the ho tage , and that the delay in hi  return wa  due to hi  determination to return all ho tage  to  afety, not merely hi  own.” Ron and Hermione both gave Harry half-exa perated, half-commi erating look . “Mo t of the judge ,” and here, Bagman gave Karkaroff a very na ty look, “feel that thi   how  moral fiber and merit  full mark . However…Mr. Potter'   core i  forty-five point .” Harry'   tomach leapt - he wa  now tying for fir t place with Cedric. Ron and Hermione, caught by  urpri e,  tared at Harry, then laughed and  tarted applauding hard with the re t of the crowd. “There you go. Harry!” Ron  houted over the noi e. “You weren't being thick after all - you were  howing moral fiber!” Fleur wa  clapping very hard too, but Krum didn't look happy at all. He attempted to engage Hermione in conver ation again, but  he wa  too bu y cheering Harry to li ten. “The third and final ta k will take place at du k on the twenty-fourth of June,” continued Bagman. “The champion  will be notified of what i  coming preci ely one month beforehand. Thank you all for your  upport of the champion .” It wa  over. Harry thought dazedly, a  Madam Pomfrey began herding the champion  and ho tage  back to the ca tle to get into dry clothe …it wa  over, he had got through…he didn't have to worry about anything now until June the twenty-fourth…. Next time he wa  in Hog meade, Harry decided a  he walked back up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle, he wa  going to buy Dobby a pair of  ock  for every day of the year. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN PADFOOT RETURNS O ne of the be t thing  about the aftermath of the  econd ta k wa  that everybody wa  very keen to hear detail  of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that Ron wa  getting to  hare Harry'  limelight for once. Harry noticed that Ron'  ver ion of event  changed  ubtly with every retelling. At fir t, he gave what  eemed to be the truth; it tallied with Hermione'   tory, anyway - Dumbledore had put all the ho tage  into a bewitched  leep in Profe or McGonagall'  office, fir t a uring them that they would be quite  afe, and would awake when they were back above the water. One week later, however, Ron wa  telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he  truggled  ingle-handedly again t fifty heavily armed merpeople who had to beat him into  ubmi ion before tying him up. “But I had my wand hidden up my  leeve,” he a ured Padma Patil, who  eemed to be a lot keener on Ron now that he wa  getting  o much attention and wa  making a point of talking to him every time they pa ed in the corridor . “I could've taken tho e mer-idiot  any time I wanted.” “What were you going to do,  nore at them?”  aid Hermione wa pi hly. People had been tea ing her  o much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would mo t mi  that  he wa  in a rather tetchy mood. Ron'  ear  went red, and thereafter, he reverted to the bewitched  leep ver ion of event . A  they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel wind   kinned their hand  and face  every time they went out onto the ground . There were delay  in the po t becau e the owl  kept being blown off cour e. The brown owl that Harry had  ent to Siriu  with the date  of the Hog meade weekend turned up at breakfa t on Friday morning with half it  feather   ticking up the wrong way; Harry had no  ooner torn off Siriu '  reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it wa  going to be  ent out ide again. Siriu '  letter wa  almo t a   hort a  the previou  one. Be at  tile at end of road out of Hog meade (pa t Dervi h and Bange ) at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Bring a  much food a  you can. “He ha n't come back to Hog meade?”  aid Ron incredulou ly. “It look  like it, doe n't it?”  aid Hermione. “I can't believe him,”  aid Harry ten ely, “if he'  caught…” “Made it  o far, though, ha n't he?”  aid Ron. “And it'  not like the place i   warming with dementor  anymore.” Harry folded up the letter, thinking. If he wa  hone t with him elf, he really wanted to  ee Siriu  again. He therefore approached the final le on of the afternoon - double Potion  - feeling con iderably more cheerful than he u ually did when de cending the  tep  to the dungeon . Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were  tanding in a huddle out ide the cla room door with Pan y Parkin on'  gang of Slytherin girl . All of them were looking at  omething Harry couldn't  ee and  niggering heartily. Pan y  pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle'  broad back a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached. “There they are, there they are!”  he giggled, and the knot of Slytherin  broke apart. Harry  aw that Pan y had a magazine in her hand  - Witch Weekly. The moving picture on the front  howed a curly-haired witch who wa   miling toothily and pointing at a large  ponge cake with her wand. “You might find  omething to intere t you in there, Granger!” Pan y  aid loudly, and  he threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking  tartled. At that moment, the dungeon door opened, and Snape beckoned them all in ide. Hermione, Harry, and Ron headed for a table at the back of the dungeon a  u ual. Once Snape had turned hi  back on them to write up the ingredient  of today  potion on the blackboard, Hermione ha tily rifled through the magazine under the de k. At la t, in the center page , Hermione found what they were looking for. Harry and Ron leaned in clo er. A color photograph of Harry headed a  hort piece entitled: Harry Potter'  Secret Heartache A boy like no other, perhap  - yet a boy  uffering all the u ual pang  of adole cence, write  Rita Skeeter. Deprived of love  ince the tragic demi e of hi  parent , fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had found  olace in hi   teady girlfriend at Hogwart , Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he would  hortly be  uffering yet another emotional blow in a life already littered with per onal lo . Mi  Granger, a plain but ambitiou  girl,  eem  to have a ta te for famou  wizard  that Harry alone cannot  ati fy. Since the arrival at Hogwart  of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the la t World Quidditch Cup, Mi  Granger ha  been toying with both boy ' affection . Krum, who i  openly  mitten with the deviou  Mi  Granger, ha  already invited her to vi it him in Bulgaria over the  ummer holiday , and in i t  that he ha  “never felt thi  way about any other girl.” However, it might not be Mi  Granger'  doubtful natural charm  that have captured the e unfortunate boy ' intere t. “She'  really ugly,”  ay  Pan y Parkin on, a pretty and vivaciou  fourth-year  tudent, “but  he'd be well up to making a Love Potion,  he'  quite brainy. I think that'  how  he'  doing it.” Love Potion  are, of cour e, banned at Hogwart , and no doubt Albu  Dumbledore will want to inve tigate the e claim . In the meantime, Harry Potter  well-wi her  mu t hope that, next time, he be tow  hi  heart on a worthier candidate. “I told you!” Ron hi ed at Hermione a   he  tared down at the article. “I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! She'  made you out to be  ome  ort of- of  carlet woman!” Hermione  topped looking a toni hed and  norted with laughter. “Scarlet woman?”  he repeated,  haking with  uppre ed giggle  a   he looked around at Ron. “It'  what my mum call  them,” Ron muttered, hi  ear  going red. “If that'  the be t Rita can do,  he'  lo ing her touch,”  aid Hermione,  till giggling, a   he threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair be ide her. “What a pile of old rubbi h.” She looked over at the Slytherin , who were all watching her and Harry clo ely acro  the room to  ee if they had been up et by the article. Hermione gave them a  arca tic  mile and a wave, and  he, Harry, and Ron  tarted unpacking the ingredient  they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion. “There'   omething funny, though,”  aid Hermione ten minute  later, holding her pe tle  u pended over a bowl of  carab beetle . “How could Rita Skeeter have known…?” “Known what?”  aid Ron quickly. “You haven't been mixing up Love Potion , have you?” “Don't be  tupid,” Hermione  napped,  tarting to pound up her beetle  again. “No, it'  ju t…how did  he know Viktor a ked me to vi it him over the  ummer?” Hermione blu hed  carlet a   he  aid thi  and determinedly avoided Ron'  eye . “What?”  aid Ron, dropping hi  pe tle with a loud clunk. “He a ked me right after he'd pulled me out of the lake.” Hermione muttered. “After he'd got rid of hi   hark'  head. Madam Pomfrey gave u  both blanket  and then he  ort of pulled me away from the judge   o they wouldn't hear, and he  aid, if I wa n't doing anything over the  ummer, would I like to -” “And what did you  ay?”  aid Ron, who had picked up hi  pe tle and wa  grinding it on the de k, a good  ix inche  from hi  bowl, becau e he wa  looking at Hermione. “And he did  ay he'd never felt the  ame way about anyone el e,” Hermione went on, going  o red now that Harry could almo t feel the heat coming from her, “but how could Rita Skeeter have heard him? She wa n't there…or wa   he? Maybe  he ha  got an Invi ibility Cloak; maybe  he  neaked onto the ground  to watch the  econd ta k.…” “And what did you  ay?” Ron repeated, pounding hi  pe tle down  o hard that it dented the de k. “Well, I wa  too bu y  eeing whether you and Harry were okay to -” “Fa cinating though your  ocial life undoubtedly i . Mi  Granger,”  aid an icy voice right behind them, and all three of them jumped, “I mu t a k you not to di cu  it in my cla . Ten point  from Gryffindor.” Snape had glided over to their de k while they were talking. The whole cla  wa  now looking around at them; Malfoy took the opportunity to fla h POTTER STINKS acro  the dungeon at Harry. “Ah…reading magazine  under the table a  well?” Snape added,  natching up the copy of Witch Weekly. “A further ten point  from Gryffindor…oh but of cour e…” Snape'  black eye  glittered a  they fell on Rita Skeeter'  article. “Potter ha  to keep up with hi  pre  cutting .…” The dungeon rang with the Slytherin ' laughter, and an unplea ant  mile curled Snape'  thin mouth. To Harry'  fury, he began to read the article aloud. “'Harry Potter'  Secret Heartache…dear, dear. Potter, what'  ailing you now? 'A boy like no other, perhap …'” Harry could feel hi  face burning. Snape wa  pau ing at the end of every  entence to allow the Slytherin  a hearty laugh. The article  ounded ten time  wor e when read by Snape. Even Hermione wa  blu hing  carlet now. “'…Harry Potter'  well-wi her  mu t hope that, next time, he be tow  hi  heart upon a worthier candidate.' How very touching,”  neered Snape, rolling up the magazine to continued gale  of laughter from the Slytherin . “Well, I think I had better  eparate the three of you,  o you can keep your mind  on your potion  rather than on your tangled love live . Wea ley, you  tay here. Mi  Granger, over there, be ide Mi  Parkin on. Potter - that table in front of my de k. Move. Now.” Furiou , Harry threw hi  ingredient  and hi  bag into hi  cauldron and dragged it up to the front of the dungeon to the empty table. Snape followed,  at down at hi  de k and watched Harry unload hi  cauldron. Determined not to look at Snape, Harry re umed the ma hing of hi   carab beetle , imagining each one to have Snape'  face. “All thi  pre  attention  eem  to have inflated your already over-large head. Potter,”  aid Snape quietly, once the re t of the cla  had  ettled down again. Harry didn't an wer. He knew Snape wa  trying to provoke him; he had done thi  before. No doubt he wa  hoping for an excu e to take a round fifty point  from Gryffindor before the end of the cla . “You might be laboring under the delu ion that the entire wizarding world i  impre ed with you,” Snape went on,  o quietly that no one el e could hear him (Harry continued to pound hi   carab beetle , even though he had already reduced them to a very fine powder), “but I don't care how many time  your picture appear  in the paper . To me. Potter, you are nothing but a na ty little boy who con ider  rule  to be beneath him.” Harry tipped the powdered beetle  into hi  cauldron and  tarted cutting up hi  ginger root . Hi  hand  were  haking  lightly out of anger, but he kept hi  eye  down, a  though he couldn't hear what Snape wa   aying to him. “So I give you fair warning, Potter,” Snape continued in a  orter and more dangerou  voice, “pint- ized celebrity or not - if I catch you breaking into my office one more time -” “I haven't been anywhere near your office!”  aid Harry angrily, forgetting hi  feigned deafne . “Don't lie to me,” Snape hi ed, hi  fathomle  black eye  boring into Harry' . “Boom lang  kin. Gillyweed. Both come from my private  tore , and I know who  tole them.” Harry  tared back at Snape, determined not to blink or to look guilty. In truth, he hadn't  tolen either of the e thing  from Snape. Hermione had taken the boom lang  kin back in their  econd year - they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion - and while Snape had  u pected Harry at the time, he had never been able to prove it. Dobby, of cour e, had  tolen the gillyweed. “I don't know what you're talking about,” Harry lied coldly. “You were out of bed on the night my office wa  broken into!” Snape hi ed. “I know it. Potter! Now, Mad-Eye Moody might have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behavior! One more nighttime  troll into my office, Potter, and you will pay!” “Right,”  aid Harry coolly, turning back to hi  ginger root . “I'll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there.” Snape'  eye  fla hed. He plunged a hand into the in ide of hi  black robe . For one wild moment. Harry thought Snape wa  about to pull out hi  wand and cur e him - then he  aw that Snape had drawn out a  mall cry tal bottle of a completely clear potion. Harry  tared at it. “Do you know what thi  i . Potter?” Snape  aid, hi  eye  glittering dangerou ly again. “No,”  aid Harry, with complete hone ty thi  time. “It i  Verita erum - a Truth Potion  o powerful that three drop  would have you  pilling your innermo t  ecret  for thi  entire cla  to hear,”  aid Snape viciou ly. “Now, the u e of thi  potion i  controlled by very  trict Mini try guideline . But unle  you watch your  tep, you might ju t find that my hand  lip ” - he  hook the cry tal bottle  lightly - “right over your evening pumpkin juice. And then. Potter…then we'll find out whether you've been in my office or not.” Harry  aid nothing. He turned back to hi  ginger root  once more, picked up hi  knife, and  tarted  licing them again. He didn't like the  ound of that Truth Potion at all, nor would he put it pa t Snape to  lip him  ome. He repre ed a  hudder at the thought of what might come  pilling out of hi  mouth if Snape did it…quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble - Hermione and Dobby for a  tart - there were all the other thing  he wa  concealing…like the fact that he wa  in contact with Siriu …and - hi  in ide   quirmed at the thought - how he felt about Cho.…He tipped hi  ginger root  into the cauldron too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody'  book and  tart drinking only from a private hip fla k. There wa  a knock on the dungeon door. “Enter,”  aid Snape in hi  u ual voice. The cla  looked around a  the door opened. Profe or Karkaroff came in. Everyone watched him a  he walked up toward Snape'  de k. He wa  twi ting hi  finger around hi  goatee and looking agitated. “We need to talk,”  aid Karkaroff abruptly when he had reached Snape. He  eemed  o determined that nobody  hould hear what he wa   aying that he wa  barely opening hi  lip ; it wa  a  though he were a rather poor ventriloqui t. Harry kept hi  eye  on hi  ginger root , li tening hard. “I'll talk to you after my le on, Karkaroff,” Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him. “I want to talk now, while you can't  lip off, Severu . You've been avoiding me.” “After the le on,” Snape  napped. Under the pretext of holding up a mea uring cup to  ee if he'd poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry  neaked a  idelong glance at the pair of them. Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry. Karkaroff hovered behind Snape'  de k for the re t of the double period. He  eemed intent on preventing Snape from  lipping away at the end of cla . Keen to hear what Karkaroff wanted to  ay, Harry deliberately knocked over hi  bottle of armadillo bile with two minute  to go to the bell, which gave him an excu e to duck down behind hi  cauldron and mop up while the re t of the cla  moved noi ily toward the door. “What'   o urgent?” he heard Snape hi  at Karkaroff. “Thi ,”  aid Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of hi  cauldron,  aw Karkaroff pull up the left-hand  leeve of hi  robe and  how Snape  omething on hi  inner forearm. “Well?”  aid Karkaroff,  till making every effort not to move hi  lip . “Do you  ee? It'  never been thi  clear, never  ince -” “Put it away!”  narled Snape, hi  black eye   weeping the cla room. “But you mu t have noticed -” Karkaroff began in an agitated voice. “We can talk later, Karkaroff!”  pat Snape. “Potter! What are you doing?” “Clearing up my armadillo bile, Profe or,”  aid Harry innocently,  traightening up and  howing Snape the  odden rag he wa  holding. Karkaroff turned on hi  heel and  trode out of the dungeon. He looked both worried and angry. Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw hi  book  and ingredient  back into hi  bag and left at top  peed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had ju t witne ed. They left the ca tle at noon the next day to find a weak  ilver  un  hining down upon the ground . The weather wa  milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived in Hog meade, all three of them had taken off their cloak  and thrown them over their  houlder . The food Siriu  had told them to bring wa  in Harry'  bag; they had  neaked a dozen chicken leg , a loaf of bread, and a fla k of pumpkin juice from the lunch table. They went into Gladrag  Wizardwear to buy a pre ent for Dobby, where they had fun  electing the mo t lurid  ock  they could find, including a pair patterned with fla hing gold and  ilver  tar , and another that  creamed loudly when they became too  melly. Then, at half pa t one, they made their way up the High Street, pa t Dervi h and Bange , and out toward the edge of the village. Harry had never been in thi  direction before. The winding lane wa  leading them out into the wild country ide around Hog meade. The cottage  were fewer here, and their garden  larger; they were walking toward the foot of the mountain in who e  hadow Hog meade lay. Then they turned a corner and  aw a  tile at the end of the lane. Waiting for them, it  front paw  on the topmo t bar, wa  a very large,  haggy black dog, which wa  carrying  ome new paper  in it  mouth and looking very familiar.… “Hello, Siriu ,”  aid Harry when they had reached him. The black dog  niffed Harry'  bag eagerly, wagged it  tail once, then turned and began to trot away from them acro  the  crubby patch of ground that ro e to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed over the  tile and followed. Siriu  led them to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground wa  covered with boulder  and rock . It wa  ea y for him, with hi  four paw , but Harry, Ron, and Hermione were  oon out of breath. They followed Siriu  higher, up onto the mountain it elf. For nearly half an hour they climbed a  teep, winding, and  tony path, following Siriu '  wagging tail,  weating in the  un, the  houlder  trap  of Harry'  bag cutting into hi   houlder . Then, at la t, Siriu   lipped out of  ight, and when they reached the place where he had vani hed, they  aw a narrow fi ure in the rock. They  queezed into it and found them elve  in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of it, one end of hi  rope around a large rock, wa  Buckbeak the hippogriff. Half gray hor e, half giant eagle, Buckbeak'  fierce orange eye fla hed at the  ight of them. All three of them bowed low to him, and after regarding them imperiou ly for a moment, Buckbeak bent hi   caly front knee  and allowed Hermione to ru h forward and  troke hi  feathery neck. Harry, however, wa  looking at the black dog, which had ju t turned into hi  godfather. Siriu  wa  wearing ragged gray robe ; the  ame one  he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. Hi  black hair wa  longer than it had been when he had appeared in the fire, and it wa  untidy and matted once more. He looked very thin. “Chicken!” he  aid hoar ely after removing the old Daily Prophet  from hi  mouth and throwing them down onto the cave floor. Harry pulled open hi  bag and handed over the bundle of chicken leg  and bread. “Thank ,”  aid Siriu , opening it, grabbing a drum tick,  itting down on the cave floor, and tearing off a large chunk with hi  teeth. “I've been living off rat  mo tly. Can't  teal too much food from Hog meade; I'd draw attention to my elf.” He grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin only reluctantly. “What're you doing here, Siriu ?” he  aid. “Fulfilling my duty a  godfather,”  aid Siriu , gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. “Don't worry about it, I'm pretending to be a lovable  tray.” He wa   till grinning, but  eeing the anxiety in Harry'  face,  aid more  eriou ly, “I want to be on the  pot. Your la t letter…well, let'  ju t  ay thing  are getting fi hier. I've been  tealing the paper every time  omeone throw  one out, and by the look  of thing , I'm not the only one who'  getting worried.” He nodded at the yellowing Daily Prophet  on the cave floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them. Harry, however, continued to  tare at Siriu . “What if they catch you? What if you're  een?” “You three and Dumbledore are the only one  around here who know I'm an Animagu ,”  aid Siriu ,  hrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg. Ron nudged Harry and pa ed him the Daily Prophet . There were two: The fir t bore the headline My tery Illne  of Bartemiu  Crouch, the  econd, Mini try Witch Still Mi ing - Mini ter of Magic Now Per onally Involved. Harry  canned the  tory about Crouch. Phra e  jumped out at him: ha n't been  een in public  ince November…hou e appear  de erted…St. Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie  decline comment…Mini try refu e  to confirm rumor  of critical illne .… “They're making it  ound like he'  dying,”  aid Harry  lowly. “But he can't be that ill if he managed to get up here.…” “My brother  Crouch'  per onal a i tant,” Ron informed Siriu . “He  ay  Crouch i   uffering from overwork.” “Mind you, he did look ill, la t time I  aw him up clo e,”  aid Harry  lowly,  till reading the  tory. “The night my name came out of the goblet.…” “Getting hi  comeuppance for  acking Winky, i n't he?”  aid Hermione, an edge to her voice. She wa   troking Buckbeak, who wa  crunching up Siriu '  chicken bone . “I bet he wi he  he hadn't done it now - bet he feel  the difference now  he'  not there to look after him.” “Hermione'  ob e ed with hou e-elf ,” Ron muttered to Siriu , ca ting Hermione a dark look. Siriu , however, looked intere ted. “Crouch  acked hi  hou e-elf?” “Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup,”  aid Harry, and he launched into the  tory of the Dark Mark'  appearance, and Winky being found with Harry'  wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouch'  fury. When Harry had fini hed, Siriu  wa  on hi  feet again and had  tarted pacing up and down the cave. “Let me get thi   traight,” he  aid after a while, brandi hing a fre h chicken leg. “You fir t  aw the elfin the Top Box. She wa   aving Crouch a  eat, right?” “Right,”  aid Harry, Ron, and Hermione together. “But Crouch didn't turn up for the match?” “No,”  aid Harry. “I think he  aid he'd been too bu y.” Siriu  paced all around the cave in  ilence. Then he  aid, “Harry, did you check your pocket  for your wand after you'd left the Top Box?” “Erm…” Harry thought hard. “No,” he  aid finally. “I didn't need to u e it before we got in the fore t. And then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that wa  in there were my Omniocular .” He  tared at Siriu . “Are you  aying whoever conjured the Mark  tole my wand in the Top Box?” “It'  po ible,”  aid Siriu . “Winky didn't  teal that wand!” Hermione in i ted. “The elf wa n't the only one in that box,”  aid Siriu , hi  brow furrowed a  he continued to pace. “Who el e wa   itting behind you?” “Load  of people,”  aid Harry. “Some Bulgarian mini ter …Corneliu  Fudge…the Malfoy …” “The Malfoy !”  aid Ron  uddenly,  o loudly that hi  voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak to ed hi  head nervou ly. “I bet it wa  Luciu  Malfoy!” “Anyone el e?”  aid Siriu . “No one,”  aid Harry. “Ye , there wa , there wa  Ludo Bagman,” Hermione reminded him. “Oh yeah…” “I don't know anything about Bagman except that he u ed to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wa p ,”  aid Siriu ,  till pacing. “What'  he like?” “He'  okay,”  aid Harry. “He keep  offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament.” “Doe  he, now?”  aid Siriu , frowning more deeply. “I wonder why he'd do that?” “Say  he'  taken a liking to me,”  aid Harry. “Hmm,”  aid Siriu , looking thoughtful. “We  aw him in the fore t ju t before the Dark Mark appeared,” Hermione told Siriu . “Remember?”  he  aid to Harry and Ron. “Yeah, but he didn't  tay in the fore t, did he?”  aid Ron. “The moment we told him about the riot, he went off to the camp ite.” “How d'you know?” Hermione  hot back. “How d'you know where he Di apparated to?” “Come off it,”  aid Ron incredulou ly. “Are you  aying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?” “It'  more likely he did it than Winky,”  aid Hermione  tubbornly. “Told you,”  aid Ron, looking meaningfully at Siriu , “told you  he'  ob e ed with hou e -” But Siriu  held up a hand to  ilence Ron. “When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been di covered holding Harry'  wand, what did Crouch do?” “Went to look in the bu he ,”  aid Harry, “but there wa n't anyone el e there.” “Of cour e,” Siriu  muttered, pacing up and down, “of cour e, he'd want to pin it on anyone but hi  own elf…and then he  acked her?” “Ye ,”  aid Hermione in a heated voice, “he  acked her, ju t becau e  he hadn't  tayed in her tent and let her elf get trampled -” “Hermione, will you give it a re t with the elf!”  aid Ron. Siriu   hook hi  head and  aid, “She'  got the mea ure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a man  like, take a good look at how he treat  hi  inferior , not hi  equal .” He ran a hand over hi  un haven face, evidently thinking hard. “All the e ab ence  of Barty Crouch' …he goe  to the trouble of making  ure hi  hou e-elf  ave  him a  eat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doe n't bother to turn up and watch. He work  very hard to rein tate the Triwizard Tournament, and then  top  coming to that too.…It'  not like Crouch. If he'  ever taken a day off work becau e of illne  before thi , I'll eat Buckbeak.” “D'you know Crouch, then?”  aid Harry. Siriu '  face darkened. He  uddenly looked a  menacing a  he had the night when Harry fir t met him, the night when Harry  till believed Siriu  to be a murderer. “Oh I know Crouch all right,” he  aid quietly. “He wa  the one who gave the order for me to be  ent to Azkaban - without a trial.” “What?”  aid Ron and Hermione together. “You're kidding!”  aid Harry. “No, I'm not,”  aid Siriu , taking another great bite of chicken. “Crouch u ed to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn't you know?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione  hook their head . “He wa  tipped for the next Mini ter of Magic,”  aid Siriu . “He'  a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical - and power-hungry. Oh never a Voldemort  upporter,” he  aid, reading the look on Harry'  face. “No, Barty Crouch wa  alway  very out poken again t the Dark Side. But then a lot of people who were again t the Dark Side…well, you wouldn't under tand…you're too young.…” “That'  what my dad  aid at the World Cup,”  aid Ron, with a trace of irritation in hi  voice. “Try u , why don't you?” A grin fla hed acro  Siriu '  thin face. “All right, I'll try you.…” He walked once up the cave, back again, and then  aid, "Imagine that Voldemort'  powerful now. You don't know who hi   upporter  are, you don't know who'  working for him and who i n't; you know he can control people  o that they do terrible thing  without being able to  top them elve . You're  cared for your elf, and your family, and your friend . Every week, new  come  of more death , more di appearance , more torturing…the Mini try of Magic'  in di array, they don't know what to do, they're trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggle , but meanwhile, Muggle  are dying too. Terror everywhere…panic…confu ion…that'  how it u ed to be. “Well, time  like that bring out the be t in  ome people and the wor t in other . Crouch'  principle  might've been good in the beginning - I wouldn't know. He ro e quickly through the Mini try, and he  tarted ordering very har h mea ure  again t Voldemort'   upporter . The Auror  were given new power  - power  to kill rather than capture, for in tance. And I wa n't the only one who wa  handed  traight to the dementor  without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence, and authorized the u e of the Unforgivable Cur e  again t  u pect . I would  ay he became a  ruthle  and cruel a  many on the Dark Side. He had hi   upporter , mind you - plenty of people thought he wa  going about thing  the right way, and there were a lot of witche  and wizard  clamoring for him to take over a  Mini ter of Magic. When Voldemort di appeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then  omething rather unfortunate happened.…” Siriu   miled grimly. “Crouch'  own  on wa  caught with a group of Death Eater  who'd managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power.” “Crouch'   on wa  caught?” ga ped Hermione. “Yep,”  aid Siriu , throwing hi  chicken bone to Buckbeak, flinging him elf back down on the ground be ide the loaf of bread, and tearing it in half. “Na ty little  hock for old Barty, I'd I magine. Should have  pent a bit more time at home with hi  family,  houldn't he? Ought to have left the office early once in a while…gotten to know hi  own  on.” He began to wolf down large piece  of bread. “Wa  hi   on a Death Eater?”  aid Harry. “No idea,”  aid Siriu ,  till  tuffing down bread. “I wa  in Azkaban my elf when he wa  brought in. Thi  i  mo tly  tuff I've found out  ince I got out. The boy wa  definitely caught in the company of people I'd bet my life were Death Eater  - but he might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, ju t like the hou e-elf.” “Did Crouch try and get hi   on off?” Hermione whi pered. Siriu  let out a laugh that wa  much more like a bark. “Crouch let hi   on off? I thought you had the mea ure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened to tarni h hi  reputation had to go; he had dedicated hi  whole life to becoming Mini ter of Magic. You  aw him di mi  a devoted hou e-elf becau e  he a ociated him with the Dark Mark again - doe n't that tell you what he'  like? Crouch'  fatherly affection  tretched ju t far enough to give hi   on a trial, and by all account , it wa n't much more than an excu e for Crouch to  how how much he hated the boy…then he  ent him  traight to Azkaban.” “He gave hi  own  on to the dementor ?” a ked Harry quietly. “That'  right,”  aid Siriu , and he didn't look remotely amu ed now. “I  aw the dementor  bringing him in, watched them through the bar  in my cell door. He can't have been more than nineteen. They took him into a cell near mine. He wa   creaming for hi  mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few day , though…they all went quiet in the end…except when they  hrieked in their  leep.…” For a moment, the deadened look in Siriu '  eye  became more pronounced than ever, a  though  hutter  had clo ed behind them. “So he'   till in Azkaban?” Harry  aid. “No,”  aid Siriu  dully. “No, he'  not in there anymore. He died about a year after they brought him in.” “He died?” “He wa n't the only one,”  aid Siriu  bitterly. “Mo t go mad in there, and plenty  top eating in the end. They lo e the will to live. You could alway  tell when a death wa  coming, becau e the dementor  could  en e it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty  ickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important Mini try member, he and hi  wife were allowed a deathbed vi it. That wa  the la t time I  aw Barty Crouch, half carrying hi  wife pa t my cell. She died her elf, apparently,  hortly afterward. Grief. Wa ted away ju t like the boy. Crouch never came for hi   on'  body. The dementor  buried him out ide the fortre ; I watched them do it.” Siriu  threw a ide the bread he had ju t lifted to hi  mouth and in tead picked up the fla k of pumpkin juice and drained it. “So old Crouch lo t it all, ju t when he thought he had it made,” he continued, wiping hi  mouth with the back of hi  hand. “One moment, a hero, poi ed to become Mini ter of Magic…next, hi   on dead, hi  wife dead, the family name di honored, and,  o I've heard  ince I e caped, a big drop in popularity. Once the boy had died, people  tarted feeling a bit more  ympathetic toward the  on and  tarted a king how a nice young lad from a good family had gone  o badly a tray. The conclu ion wa  that hi  father never cared much for him. So Corneliu  Fudge got the top job, and Crouch wa   hunted  ideway  into the Department of International Magical Cooperation.” There wa  a long  ilence. Harry wa  thinking of the way Crouch'  eye  had bulged a  he'd looked down at hi  di obedient hou e-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup. Thi , then, mu t have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back memorie  of hi   on, and the old  candal, and hi  fall from grace at the Mini try. “Moody  ay  Crouch i  ob e ed with catching Dark wizard ,” Harry told Siriu . “Yeah, I've heard it'  become a bit of a mania with him,”  aid Siriu , nodding. “If you a k me, he  till think  he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater.” “And he  neaked up here to  earch Snape'  office!”  aid Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione. “Ye , and that doe n't make  en e at all,”  aid Siriu . “Yeah, it doe !”  aid Ron excitedly, but Siriu   hook hi  head. “Li ten, if Crouch want  to inve tigate Snape, why ha n't he been coming to judge the tournament? It would be an ideal excu e to make regular vi it  to Hogwart  and keep an eye on him.” “So you think Snape could be up to  omething, then?” a ked Harry, but Hermione broke in. “Look, I don't care what you  ay, Dumbledore tru t  Snape -” “Oh give it a re t, Hermione,”  aid Ron impatiently. “I know Dumbledore  brilliant and everything, but that doe n't mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn't fool him -” “Why did Snape  ave Harry'  life in the fir t year, then? Why didn't he ju t let him die?” “I dunno - maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out-” “What d'you think, Siriu ?” Harry  aid loudly, and Ron and Hermione  topped bickering to li ten. “I think they've both got a point,”  aid Siriu , looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. “Ever  ince I found out Snape wa  teaching here, I've wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape'  alway  been fa cinated by the Dark Art , he wa  famou  for it at  chool. Slimy, oily, grea y-haired kid, he wa ,” Siriu  added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. “Snape knew more cur e  when he arrived at  chool than half the kid  in  eventh year, and he wa  part of a gang of Slytherin  who nearly all turned out to be Death Eater .” Siriu  held up hi  finger  and began ticking off name . “Ro ier and Wilke  - they were both killed by Auror  the year before Voldemort fell. The Le trange  - they're a married couple - they're in Azkaban. Avery - from what I've heard he wormed hi  way out of trouble by  aying he'd been acting under the Imperiu  Cur e - he'   till at large. But a  far a  I know, Snape wa  never even accu ed of being a Death Eater - not that that mean  much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape'  certainly clever and cunning enough to keep him elf out of trouble.” “Snape know  Karkaroff pretty well, but he want  to keep that quiet,”  aid Ron. “Yeah, you  hould've  een Snape'  face when Karkaroff turned up in Potion  ye terday!”  aid Harry quickly. “Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he  ay  Snape'  been avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really worried. He  howed Snape  omething on hi  arm, but I couldn't  ee what it wa .” He  howed Snape  omething on hi  arm?“  aid Siriu , looking frankly bewildered. He ran hi  finger  di tractedly through hi  filthy hair, then  hrugged again. ”Well, I've no idea what that'  about…but if Karkaroff'  genuinely worried, and he'  going to Snape for an wer …" Siriu   tared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of fru tration. “There'   till the fact that Dumbledore tru t  Snape, and I know Dumbledore tru t  where a lot of other people wouldn't, but I ju t can't  ee him letting Snape teach at Hogwart  if he'd ever worked for Voldemort.” “Why are Moody and Crouch  o keen to get into Snape'  office then?”  aid Ron  tubbornly. “Well,”  aid Siriu   lowly, “I wouldn't put it pa t Mad-Eye to have  earched every  ingle teacher'  office when he got to Hogwart . He take  hi  Defen e Again t the Dark Art   eriou ly, Moody. I'm not  ure he tru t  anyone at all, and after the thing  he'   een, it'  not  urpri ing. I'll  ay thi  for Moody, though, he never killed if he could help it. Alway  brought people in alive where po ible. He wa  tough, but he never de cended to the level of the Death Eater . Crouch, though…he'  a different matter…i  he really ill? If he i , why did he make the effort to drag him elf up to Snape'  office? And if he'  not…what'  he up to? What wa  he doing at the World Cup that wa   o important he didn't turn up in the Top Box? What'  he been doing while he  hould have been judging the tournament?” Siriu  lap ed into  ilence,  till  taring at the cave wall. Buckbeak wa  ferreting around on the rocky floor, looking for bone  he might have overlooked. Finally, Siriu  looked up at Ron. “You  ay your brother'  Crouch'  per onal a i tant? Any chance you could a k him if he'   een Crouch lately?” “I can try,”  aid Ron doubtfully. “Better not make it  ound like I reckon Crouch i  up to anything dodgy, though. Percy love  Crouch.” “And you might try and find out whether they've got any lead  on Bertha Jorkin  while you're at it,”  aid Siriu , ge turing to the  econd copy of the Daily Prophet. “Bagman told me they hadn't,”  aid Harry. “Ye , he'  quoted in the article in there,”  aid Siriu , nodding at the paper. “Blu tering on about how bad Bertha'  memory i . Well, maybe  he'  changed  ince I knew her, but the Bertha I knew wa n't forgetful at all - quite the rever e. She wa  a bit dim, but  he had an excellent memory for go ip. It u ed to get her into a lot of trouble;  he never knew when to keep her mouth  hut. I can  ee her being a bit of a liability at the Mini try of Magic…maybe that'  why Bagman didn't bother to look for her for  o long.…” Siriu  heaved an enormou   igh and rubbed hi   hadowed eye . “What'  the time?” Harry checked hi  watch, then remembered it hadn't been working  ince it had  pent over an hour in the lake. “It'  half pa t three,”  aid Hermione. “You'd better get back to  chool,” Siriu   aid, getting to hi  feet. “Now li ten…” He looked particularly hard at Harry. “I don't want you lot  neaking out of  chool to  ee me, all right? Ju t  end note  to me here. I  till want to hear about anything odd. But you're not to go leaving Hogwart  without permi ion; it would be an ideal opportunity for  omeone to attack you.” “No one'  tried to attack me  o far, except a dragon and a couple of grindylow ,” Harry  aid, but Siriu   cowled at him. “I don't care…I'll breathe freely again when thi  tournament'  over, and that'  not until June. And don't forget, if you're talking about me among your elve , call me Snuffle , okay?” He handed Harry the empty napkin and fla k and went to pat Buckbeak good-bye. “I'll walk to the edge of the village with you,”  aid Siriu , “ ee if I can  crounge another paper.” He tran formed into the great black dog before they left the cave, and they walked back down the mountain ide with him, acro  the boulder- trewn ground, and back to the  tile. Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning and  etting off at a run around the out kirt  of the village. Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way back into Hog meade and up toward Hogwart . “Wonder if Percy know  all that  tuff about Crouch?” Ron  aid a  they walked up the drive to the ca tle. “But maybe he doe n't care…It'd probably ju t make him admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy love  rule . He'd ju t  ay Crouch wa  refu ing to break them for hi  own  on.” “Percy would never throw any of hi  family to the dementor ,”  aid Hermione  everely. “I don't know,”  aid Ron. “If he thought we were  tanding in the way of hi  career…Percy'  really ambitiou , you know.…” They walked up the  tone  tep  into the entrance hall, where the deliciou   mell  of dinner wafted toward them from the Great Hall. “Poor old Snuffle ,”  aid Ron, breathing deeply. “He mu t really like you. Harry.…Imagine having to live off rat .” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH H arry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery after breakfa t on Sunday to  end a letter to Percy, a king, a  Siriu  had  ugge ted, whether he had  een Mr. Crouch lately. They u ed Hedwig, becau e it had been  o long  ince  he'd had a job. When they had watched her fly out of  ight through the Owlery window, they proceeded down to the kitchen to give Dobby hi  new  ock . The hou e-elve  gave them a very cheery welcome, bowing and curt ying and bu tling around making tea again. Dobby wa  ec tatic about hi  pre ent. “Harry Potter i  too good to Dobby!” he  queaked, wiping large tear  out of hi  enormou  eye . “You  aved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you really did,”  aid Harry. “No chance of more of tho e eclair , i  there?”  aid Ron, who wa  looking around at the beaming and bowing hou e-elve . “You've ju t had breakfa t!”  aid Hermione irritably, but a great  ilver platter of eclair  wa  already zooming toward them,  upported by four elve . “We  hould get  ome  tuff to  end up to Snuffle ,” Harry muttered. “Good idea,”  aid Ron. “Give Pig  omething to do. You couldn't give u  a bit of extra food, could you?” he  aid to the  urrounding elve , and they bowed delightedly and hurried off to get  ome more. “Dobby, where'  Winky?”  aid Hermione, who wa  looking around. “Winky i  over there by the fire, mi ,”  aid Dobby quietly, hi  ear  drooping  lightly. “Oh dear,”  aid Hermione a   he  potted Winky. Harry looked over at the fireplace too. Winky wa   itting on the  ame  tool a  la t time, but  he had allowed her elf to become  o filthy that  he wa  not immediately di tingui hable from the  moke-blackened brick behind her. Her clothe  were ragged and unwa hed. She wa  clutching a bottle of butterbeer and  waying  lightly on her  tool,  taring into the fire. A  they watched her,  he gave an enormou  hiccup. “Winky i  getting through  ix bottle  a day now,” Dobby whi pered to Harry. “Well, it'  not  trong, that  tuff,” Harry  aid. But Dobby  hook hi  head. “'Ti   trong for a hou e-elf,  ir,” he  aid. Winky hiccuped again. The elve  who had brought the eclair  gave her di approving look  a  they returned to work. “Winky i  pining, Harry Potter,” Dobby whi pered  adly. “Winky want  to go home. Winky  till think  Mr. Crouch i  her ma ter,  ir, and nothing Dobby  ay  will per uade her that Profe or Dumbledore i  her ma ter now.” “Hey, Winky,”  aid Harry,  truck by a  udden in piration, walking over to her, and bending down, “you don't know what Mr. Crouch might be up to, do you? Becau e he'   topped turning up to judge the Triwizard Tournament.” Winky'  eye  flickered. Her enormou  pupil  focu ed on Harry. She  wayed  lightly again and then  aid, “M - Ma ter i   topped - hic - coming?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “we haven't  een him  ince the fir t ta k. The Daily Prophet'   aying he'  ill.” Winky  wayed  ome more,  taring blurrily at Harry. “Ma ter - hic - ill?” Her bottom lip began to tremble. “But we're not  ure if that'  true,”  aid Hermione quickly. “Ma ter i  needing hi  - hic - Winky!” whimpered the elf. “Ma ter cannot - hic - manage - hic - all by him elf.…” “Other people manage to do their own hou ework, you know, Winky,” Hermione  aid  everely. “Winky - hic - i  not only - hic - doing hou ework for Mr. Crouch!” Winky  queaked indignantly,  waying wor e than ever and  lopping butterbeer down her already heavily  tained blou e. “Ma ter i  - hic - tru ting Winky with - hic - the mo t important - hic - the mo t  ecret…” “What?”  aid Harry. But Winky  hook her head very hard,  pilling more butterbeer down her elf. “Winky keep  - hic - her ma ter'   ecret ,”  he  aid mutinou ly,  waying very heavily now, frowning up at Harry with her eye  cro ed. “You i  - hic - no ing, you i .” “Winky mu t not talk like that to Harry Potter!”  aid Dobby angrily. “Harry Potter i  brave and noble and Harry Potter i  not no y!” “He i  no ing - hic - into my ma ter'  - hic - private and  ecret - hic - Winky i  a good hou e-elf - hic - Winky keep  her  ilence - hic - people trying to - hic - pry and poke - hic -” Winky'  eyelid  drooped and  uddenly, without warning,  he  lid off her  tool into the hearth,  noring loudly. The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away acro  the  tone-flagged floor. Half a dozen hou e-elve  came hurrying forward, looking di gu ted. One of them picked up the bottle; the other  covered Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the end  in neatly, hiding her from view. “We i   orry you had to  ee that,  ir  and mi !”  queaked a nearby elf,  haking hi  head and looking very a hamed. “We i  hoping you will not judge u  all by Winky,  ir  and mi !” “She'  unhappy!”  aid Hermione, exa perated. “Why don't you try and cheer her up in tead of covering her up?” “Begging your pardon, mi ,”  aid the hou e-elf, bowing deeply again, “but hou e-elve  ha  no right to be unhappy when there i  work to be done and ma ter  to be  erved.” “Oh for heaven   ake!” Hermione cried. “Li ten to me, all of you! You've got ju t a  much right a  wizard  to be unhappy! You've got the right to wage  and holiday  and proper clothe , you don't have to do everything you're told - look at Dobby!” “Mi  will plea e keep Dobby out of thi ,” Dobby mumbled, looking  cared. The cheery  mile  had vani hed from the face  of the hou e-elve  around the kitchen. They were  uddenly looking at Hermione a  though  he were mad and dangerou . “We ha  your extra food!”  queaked an elf at Harry'  elbow, and he  hoved a large ham, a dozen cake , and  ome fruit into Harry'  arm . “Good-bye!” The hou e-elve  crowded around Harry, Ron, and Hermione and began  hunting them out of the kitchen, many little hand  pu hing in the  mall  of their back . “Thank you for the  ock , Harry Potter!” Dobby called mi erably from the hearth, where he wa   tanding next to the lumpy tablecloth that wa  Winky. “You couldn't keep your mouth  hut, could you, Hermione?”  aid Ron angrily a  the kitchen door  lammed  hut behind them. “They won't want u  vi iting them now! We could've tried to get more  tuff out of Winky about Crouch!” “Oh a  if you care about that!”  coffed Hermione. “You only like coming down here for the food!” It wa  an irritable  ort of day after that. Harry got  o tired of Ron and Hermione  niping at each other over their homework in the common room that he took Siriu '  food up to the Owlery that evening on hi  own. Pigwidgeon wa  much too  mall to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by him elf,  o Harry enli ted the help of two  chool  creech owl  a  well. When they had  et off into the du k, looking extremely odd carrying the large package between them. Harry leaned on the window ill, looking out at the ground , at the dark, ru tling treetop  of the Forbidden Fore t, and the rippling  ail  of the Durm trang  hip. An eagle owl flew through the coil of  moke ri ing from Hagrid'  chimney; it  oared toward the ca tle, around the Owlery, and out of  ight. Looking down, Harry  aw Hagrid digging energetically in front of hi  cabin. Harry wondered what he wa  doing; it looked a  though he were making a new vegetable patch. A  he watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the Beauxbaton  carriage and walked over to Hagrid. She appeared to be trying to engage him in conver ation. Hagrid leaned upon hi   pade, but did not  eem keen to prolong their talk, becau e Madame Maxime returned to the carriage  hortly afterward. Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and li ten to Ron and Hermione  narling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkne   wallowed him and the owl  around Harry began to awake,  woo hing pa t him into the night. By breakfa t the next day Ron'  and Hermione'  bad mood  had burnt out, and to Harry'  relief, Ron'  dark prediction  that the hou e-elve  would  end  ub tandard food up to the Gryffindor table becau e Hermione had in ulted them proved fal e; the bacon, egg , and kipper  were quite a  good a  u ual. When the po t owl  arrived, Hermione looked up eagerly;  he  eemed to be expecting  omething. “Percy won't've had time to an wer yet,”  aid Ron. “We only  ent Hedwig ye terday.” “No, it'  not that,”  aid Hermione. “I've taken out a  ub cription to the Daily Prophet. I'm getting  ick of finding everything out from the Slytherin .” “Good thinking!”  aid Harry, al o looking up at the owl . “Hey, Hermione, I think you're in luck -” A gray owl wa   oaring down toward Hermione. “It ha n't got a new paper, though,”  he  aid, looking di appointed. “It'  -” But to her bewilderment, the gray owl landed in front of her plate, clo ely followed by four barn owl , a brown owl, and a tawny. “How many  ub cription  did you take out?”  aid Harry,  eizing Hermione'  goblet before it wa  knocked over by the clu ter of owl , all of whom were jo tling clo e to her, trying to deliver their own letter fir t. “What on earth - ?” Hermione  aid, taking the letter from the gray owl, opening it, and  tarting to read. “Oh really!”  he  puttered, going rather red. “What'  up?”  aid Ron. “It'  - oh how ridiculou  -” She thru t the letter at Harry, who  aw that it wa  not handwritten, but compo ed from pa ted letter  that  eemed to have been cut out of the Daily Prophet. YOU ARE A WICKED GIRL. HARRY POTTER DESERVES BETTER. GO BACK WHERE YOU CAME FROM MUGGLE. “They're all like it!”  aid Hermione de perately, opening one letter after another. “'Harry Potter can do much better than the like  of you.…' 'You de erve to be boiled in frog  pawn.…' Ouch!” She had opened the la t envelope, and yellowi h-green liquid  melling  trongly of petrol gu hed over her hand , which began to erupt in large yellow boil . “Undiluted bubotuber pu !”  aid Ron, picking up the envelope gingerly and  niffing it. “Ow!”  aid Hermione, tear   tarting in her eye  a   he tried to rub the pu  off her hand  with a napkin, but her finger  were now  o thickly covered in painful  ore  that it looked a  though  he were wearing a pair of thick, knobbly glove . “You'd better get up to the ho pital wing,”  aid Harry a  the owl  around Hermione took flight. “We'll tell Profe or Sprout where you've gone.…” “I warned her!”  aid Ron a  Hermione hurried out of the Great Hall, cradling her hand . “I warned her not to annoy Rita Skeeter! Look at thi  one…” He read out one of the letter  Hermione had left behind: “I read In Witch Weekly about how you are playing Harry Potter fal e and that boy ha  had enough hard hip and I will be  ending you a cur e by next po t a   oon a  I can find a big enough envelope.' Blimey,  he'd better watch out for her elf.” Hermione didn't turn up for Herbology. A  Harry and Ron left the greenhou e for their Care of Magical Creature  cla , they  aw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle de cending the  tone  tep  of the ca tle. Pan y Parkin on wa  whi pering and giggling behind them with her gang of Slytherin girl . Catching  ight of Harry, Pan y called, “Potter, have you  plit up with your girlfriend? Why wa   he  o up et at breakfa t?” Harry ignored her; he didn't want to give her the  ati faction of knowing how much trouble the Witch Weekly article had cau ed. Hagrid, who had told them la t le on that they had fini hed with unicorn , wa  waiting for them out ide hi  cabin with a fre h  upply of open crate  at hi  feet. Harry'  heart  ank at the  ight of the crate  -  urely not another  krewt hatching? - but when he got near enough to  ee in ide, he found him elf looking at a number of flurry black creature  with long  nout . Their front paw  were curiou ly flat, like  pade , and they were blinking up at the cla , looking politely puzzled at all the attention. “The e're niffler ,”  aid Hagrid, when the cla  had gathered around. “Yeh find 'em down mine  mo tly. They like  parkly  tuff.…There yeh go, look.” One of the niffler  had  uddenly leapt up and attempted to bite Pan y Parkin on'  watch off her wri t. She  hrieked and jumped backward. “U eful little trea ure detector ,”  aid Hagrid happily. “Thought we'd have  ome fun with 'em today. See over there?” He pointed at the large patch of fre hly turned earth Harry had watched him digging from the Owlery window. “I've buried  ome gold coin . I've got a prize fer whoever pick  the niffler that dig  up mo t. Ju ' take off all yer valuable , an' choo e a niffler, an get ready ter  et 'em loo e.” Harry took off hi  watch, which he wa  only wearing out of habit, a  it didn't work anymore, and  tuffed it into hi  pocket. Then he picked up a niffler. It put it  long  nout in Harry'  ear and  niffed enthu ia tically. It wa  really quite cuddly. “Hang on,”  aid Hagrid, looking down into the crate, “there'  a  pare niffler here…who'  mi in? Where'  Hermione?” “She had to go to the ho pital wing,”  aid Ron. “We'll explain later,” Harry muttered; Pan y Parkin on wa  li tening. It wa  ea ily the mo t fun they had ever had in Care of Magical Creature . The niffler  dived in and out of the patch of earth a  though it were water, each  currying back to the  tudent who had relea ed it and  pitting gold into their hand . Ron'  wa  particularly efficient; it had  oon filled hi  lap with coin . “Can you buy the e a  pet , Hagrid?” he a ked excitedly a  hi  niffler dived back into the  oil,  plattering hi  robe . “Yer mum wouldn' be happy, Ron,”  aid Hagrid, grinning. “They wreck hou e , niffler . I reckon they've nearly got the lot, now,” he added, pacing around the patch of earth while the niffler  continued to dive. “I on'y buried a hundred coin . Oh there y'are, Hermione!” Hermione wa  walking toward them acro  the lawn. Her hand  were very heavily bandaged and  he looked mi erable. Pan y Parkin on wa  watching her beadily. “Well, let'  check how yeh've done!”  aid Hagrid. “Count yer coin ! An' there'  no point tryin' ter  teal any, Goyle,” he added, hi  beetle-black eye  narrowed. “It'  leprechaun gold. Vani he  after a few hour .” Goyle emptied hi  pocket , looking extremely  ulky. It turned out that Ron'  niffler had been mo t  ucce ful,  o Hagrid gave him an enormou   lab of Honeyduke'  chocolate for a prize. The bell rang acro  the ground  for lunch; the re t of the cla   et off back to the ca tle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione  tayed behind to help Hagrid put the niffler  back in their boxe . Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching them out other carriage window. “What yeh done ter your hand , Hermione?”  aid Hagrid, looking concerned. Hermione told him about the hate mail  he had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pu . “Aaah, don' worry,”  aid Hagrid gently, looking down at her. “I got  ome o' tho e letter  an all, after Rita Skeeter wrote abou me mum. 'Yeh're a mon ter an yeh  hould be put down.' 'Yer mother killed innocent people an if you had any decency you d jump in a lake.'” “No!”  aid Hermione, looking  hocked. “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid, heaving the niffler crate  over by hi  cabin wall. “They're ju ' nutter , Hermione. Don' open 'em if yeh get any more. Chuck 'em  traigh' in the fire.” “You mi ed a really good le on,” Harry told Hermione a  they headed back toward the ca tle. “They're good, niffler , aren't they, Ron?” Ron, however, wa  frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given him. He looked thoroughly put out about  omething. “What'  the matter?”  aid Harry. “Wrong flavor?” “No,”  aid Ron  hortly. “Why didn't you tell me about the gold?” “What gold?”  aid Harry. “The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup,”  aid Ron. “The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omniocular . In the Top Box. Why didn't you tell me it di appeared?” Harry had to think for a moment before he realized what Ron wa  talking about. “Oh…” he  aid, the memory coming back to him at la t. “I dunno…I never noticed it had gone. I wa  more worried about my wand, wa n't I?” They climbed the  tep  into the entrance hall and went into the Great Hall for lunch. “Mu t be nice,” Ron  aid abruptly, when they had  at down and  tarted  erving them elve  roa t beef and York hire pudding . “To have  o much money you don't notice if a pocketful of Galleon  goe  mi ing.” “Li ten, I had other  tuff on my mind that night!”  aid Harry impatiently. “We all did, remember?” “I didn't know leprechaun gold vani he ,” Ron muttered. “I thought I wa  paying you back. You  houldn't've given me that Chudley Cannon hat for Chri tma .” “Forget it, all right?”  aid Harry. Ron  peared a roa t potato on the end of hi  fork, glaring at it. Then he  aid, “I hate being poor.” Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Neither of them really knew what to  ay. “It'  rubbi h,”  aid Ron,  till glaring down at hi  potato. “I don't blame Fred and George for trying to make  ome extra money. Wi h I could. Wi h I had a niffler.” “Well, we know what to get you next Chri tma ,”  aid Hermione brightly. Then, when Ron continued to look gloomy,  he  aid, “Come on, Ron, it could be wor e. At lea t your finger  aren't full of pu .” Hermione wa  having a lot of difficulty managing her knife and fork, her finger  were  o  tiff and  wollen. “I hate that Skeeter woman!”  he bur t out  avagely. “I'll get her back for thi  if it'  the la t thing I do!” Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the following week, and although  he followed Hagrid'  advice and  topped opening it,  everal of her ill-wi her   ent Howler , which exploded at the Gryffindor table and  hrieked in ult  at her for the whole Hall to hear. Even tho e people who didn't read Witch Weekly knew all about the  uppo ed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle now. Harry wa  getting  ick of telling people that Hermione wa n't hi  girlfriend. “It'll die down, though,” he told Hermione, "if we ju t ignore it.…People got bored with that  tuff  he wrote about me la t time. “I want to know how  he'  li tening into private conver ation  when  he'   uppo ed to be banned from the ground !”  aid Hermione angrily. Hermione hung back in their next Defen e Again t the Dark Art  le on to a k Profe or Moody  omething. The re t of the cla  wa  very eager to leave; Moody had given them  uch a rigorou  te t of hex-deflection that many of them were nur ing  mall injurie . Harry had  uch a bad ca e of Twitchy Ear , he had to hold hi  hand  clamped over them a  he walked away from the cla . “Well, Rita'  definitely not u ing an Invi ibility Cloak!” Hermione panted five minute  later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling Harry'  hand away from one of hi  wiggling ear   o that he could hear her. “Moody  ay  he didn't  ee her anywhere near the judge ' table at the  econd ta k, or anywhere near the lake!” “Hermione, i  there any point in telling you to drop thi ?”  aid Ron. “No!”  aid Hermione  tubbornly. “I want to know how  he heard me talking to Viktor! And how  he found out about Hagrid'  mum!” “Maybe  he had you bugged,”  aid Harry. “Bugged?”  aid Ron blankly. “What…put flea  on her or  omething?” Harry  tarted explaining about hidden microphone  and recording equipment. Ron wa  fa cinated, but Hermione interrupted them. “Aren't you two ever going to read Hogwart , A Hi tory” “What'  the point?”  aid Ron. “You know it by heart, we can ju t a k you.” “All tho e  ub titute  for magic Muggle  u e - electricity, computer , and radar, and all tho e thing  - they all go haywire around Hogwart , there'  too much magic in the air. No, Rita'  u ing magic to eave drop,  he mu t be.…If I could ju t find out what it i …ooh, if it'  illegal, I'll have her…” “Haven't we got enough to worry about?” Ron a ked her. “Do we have to  tart a vendetta again t Rita Skeeter a  well?” “I'm not a king you to help!” Hermione  napped. “I'll do it on my own!” She marched back up the marble  tairca e without a backward glance. Harry wa  quite  ure  he wa  going to the library. “What'  the betting  he come  back with a box of / Hate Rita Skeeter badge ?”  aid Ron. Hermione, however, did not a k Harry and Ron to help her pur ue vengeance again t Rita Skeeter, for which they were both grateful, becau e their workload wa  mounting ever higher in the day  before the Ea ter holiday . Harry frankly marveled at the fact that Hermione could re earch magical method  of eave dropping a  well a  everything el e they had to do. He wa  working flat-out ju t to get through all their homework, though he made a point of  ending regular food package  up to the cave in the mountain for Siriu ; after la t  ummer, Harry had not forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry. He enclo ed note  to Siriu , telling him that nothing out of the ordinary had happened, and that they were  till waiting for an an wer from Percy. Hedwig didn't return until the end of the Ea ter holiday . Percy'  letter wa  enclo ed in a package of Ea ter egg  that Mr . Wea ley had  ent. Both Harry'  and Ron'  were the  ize of dragon egg  and full of homemade toffee. Hermione' , however, wa   maller than a chicken egg. Her face fell when  he  aw it. “Your mum doe n't read Witch Weekly, by any chance, doe   he, Ron?”  he a ked quietly. “Yeah,”  aid Ron, who e mouth wa  full of toffee. “Get  it for the recipe .” Hermione looked  adly at her tiny egg. “Don't you want to  ee what Percy'  written?” Harry a ked her ha tily. Percy'  letter wa   hort and irritated. A  I am con tantly telling the Daily Prophet, Mr. Crouch i  taking a well-de erved break. He i   ending in regular owl  with in truction . No, I haven't actually  een him, but I think I can be tru ted to know my own  uperior'  handwriting. I have quite enough to do at the moment without trying to qua h the e ridiculou  rumor . Plea e don't bother me again unle  it'   omething important. Happy Ea ter. The  tart of the  ummer term would normally have meant that Harry wa  training hard for the la t Quidditch match of the  ea on. Thi  year, however, it wa  the third and final ta k in the Triwizard Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he  till didn't know what he would have to do. Finally, in the la t week of May, Profe or McGonagall held him back in Tran figuration. “You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o'clock. Potter,”  he told him. “Mr. Bagman will be there to tell the champion  about the third ta k.” So at half pa t eight that night. Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went down tair . A  he cro ed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from the Hufflepuff common room. “What d'you reckon it'  going to be?” he a ked Harry a  they went together down the  tone  tep , out into the cloudy night. “Fleur keep  going on about underground tunnel ;  he reckon  we've got to find trea ure.” “That wouldn't be too bad,”  aid Harry, thinking that he would  imply a k Hagrid for a niffler to do the job for him. They walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch  tadium, turned through a gap in the  tand , and walked out onto the field. “What've they done to it?” Cedric  aid indignantly,  topping dead. The Quidditch field wa  no longer  mooth and flat. It looked a  though  omebody had been building long, low wall  all over it that twi ted and cri cro ed in every direction. “They're hedge !”  aid Harry, bending to examine the neare t one. “Hello there!” called a cheery voice. Ludo Bagman wa   tanding in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur. Harry and Cedric made their way toward them, climbing over the hedge . Fleur beamed at Harry a  he came nearer. Her attitude toward him had changed completely  ince he had  aved her  i ter from the lake. “Well, what d'you think?”  aid Bagman happily a  Harry and Cedric climbed over the la t hedge. “Growing nicely, aren't they? Give them a month and Hagrid'll have them twenty feet high. Don't worry,” he added, grinning,  potting the le -than-happy expre ion  on Harry'  and Cedric'  face , “you'll have your Quidditch field back to normal once the ta k i  over! Now, I imagine you can gue  what we're making here?” No one  poke for a moment. Then - “Maze,” grunted Krum. “That'  right!”  aid Bagman. “A maze. The third ta k'  really very  traightforward. The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of the maze. The fir t champion to touch it will receive full mark .” “We  eemply 'ave to get through the maze?”  aid Fleur. “There will be ob tacle ,”  aid Bagman happily, bouncing on the ball  of hi  feet. “Hagrid i  providing a number of creature …then there will be  pell  that mu t be broken…all that  ort of thing, you know. Now, the champion  who are leading on point  will get a head  tart into the maze.” Bagman grinned at Harry and Cedric. “Then Mr. Krum will enter…then Mi  Delacour. But you'll all be in with a fighting chance, depending how well you get pa t the ob tacle . Should be fun, eh?” Harry, who knew only too well the kind of creature  that Hagrid wa  likely to provide for an event like thi , thought it wa  unlikely to be any fun at all. However, he nodded politely like the other champion . “Very well…if you haven't got any que tion , we'll go back up to the ca tle,  hall we, it'  a bit chilly.…” Bagman hurried along ide Harry a  they began to wend their way out of the growing maze. Harry had the feeling that Bagman wa  going to  tart offering to help him again, but ju t then, Krum tapped Harry on the  houlder. “Could I haff a vord?” “Yeah, all right,”  aid Harry,  lightly  urpri ed. “Vill you valk vith me?” “Okay,”  aid Harry curiou ly. Bagman looked  lightly perturbed. “I'll wait for you. Harry,  hall I?” “No, it'  okay, Mr. Bagman,”  aid Harry,  uppre ing a  mile, “I think I can find the ca tle on my own, thank .” Harry and Krum left the  tadium together, but Krum did not  et a cour e for the Durm trang  hip. In tead, he walked toward the fore t. “What're we going thi  way for?”  aid Harry a  they pa ed Hagrid'  cabin and the illuminated Beauxbaton  carriage. “Don't vont to be overheard,”  aid Krum  hortly. When at la t they had reached a quiet  tretch of ground a  hort way from the Beauxbaton  hor e ' paddock, Krum  topped in the  hade of the tree  and turned to face Harry. “I vant to know,” he  aid, glowering, “vot there i  between you and Hermy-own-ninny.” Harry, who from Krum'   ecretive manner had expected  omething much more  eriou  than thi ,  tared up at Krum in amazement. “Nothing,” he  aid. But Krum glowered at him, and Harry,  omehow  truck anew by how tall Krum wa , elaborated. “We're friend . She'  not my girlfriend and  he never ha  been. It'  ju t that Skeeter woman making thing  up.” “Hermy-own-ninny talk  about you very often,”  aid Krum, looking  u piciou ly at Harry. “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “becau e were friend .” He couldn't quite believe he wa  having thi  conver ation with Viktor Krum, the famou  International Quidditch player. It wa  a  though the eighteen-year-old Krum thought he. Harry, wa  an equal - a real rival - “You haff never…you haff not…” “No,”  aid Harry very firmly. Krum looked  lightly happier. He  tared at Harry for a few  econd , then  aid, “You fly very veil. I vo  votching at the fir t ta k.” “Thank ,”  aid Harry, grinning broadly and  uddenly feeling much taller him elf. “I  aw you at the Quidditch World Cup. The Wron ki Feint, you really -” But  omething moved behind Krum in the tree , and Harry, who had  ome experience of the  ort of thing that lurked in the fore t, in tinctively grabbed Krum'  arm and pulled him around. “Vot i  it?” Harry  hook hi  head,  taring at the place where he'd  een movement. He  lipped hi  hand in ide hi  robe , reaching for hi  wand. Suddenly a man  taggered out from behind a tall oak. For a moment, Harry didn't recognize him…then he realized it wa  Mr. Crouch. He looked a  though he had been traveling for day . The knee  of hi  robe  were ripped and bloody, hi  face  cratched; he wa  un haven and gray with exhau tion. Hi  neat hair and mu tache were both in need of a wa h and a trim. Hi   trange appearance, however, wa  nothing to the way he wa  behaving. Muttering and ge ticulating, Mr. Crouch appeared to be talking to  omeone that he alone could  ee. He reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp he had  een once when out  hopping with the Dur ley . That man too had been conver ing wildly with thin air; Aunt Petunia had  eized Dudley'  hand and pulled him acro  the road to avoid him; Uncle Vernon had then treated the family to a long rant about what he would like to do with beggar  and vagrant . “Vo n't he a judge?”  aid Krum,  taring at Mr. Crouch. “I n't he vith your Mini try?” Harry nodded, he itated for a moment, then walked  lowly toward Mr. Crouch, who did not look at him, but continued to talk to a nearby tree. “…and when you've done that, Weatherby,  end an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durm trang  tudent  who will be attending the tournament, Karkaroff ha  ju t  ent word there will be twelve.…” “Mr. Crouch?”  aid Harry cautiou ly. “…and then  end another owl to Madame Maxime, becau e  he might want to up the number of  tudent   he'  bringing, now Karkaroff'  made it a round dozen…do that, Weatherby, will you? Will you? Will…” Mr. Crouch'  eye  were bulging. He  tood  taring at the tree, muttering  oundle ly at it. Then he  taggered  ideway  and fell to hi  knee . “Mr. Crouch?” Harry  aid loudly. “Are you all right?” Crouch'  eye  were rolling in hi  head. Harry looked around at Krum, who had followed him into the tree , and wa  looking down at Crouch in alarm. “Vot i  wrong with him?” “No idea,” Harry muttered. “Li ten, you'd better go and get  omeone -” “Dumbledore!” ga ped Mr. Crouch. He reached out and  eized a handful of Harry'  robe , dragging him clo er, though hi  eye  were  taring over Harry'  head. “I need… ee…Dumbledore.…” “Okay,”  aid Harry, “if you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can go up to the-” “I've done… tupid…thing…” Mr. Crouch breathed. He looked utterly mad. Hi  eye  were rolling and bulging, and a trickle of  pittle wa   liding down hi  chin. Every word he  poke  eemed to co t him a terrible effort. “Mu t…tell…Dumbledore…” “Get up, Mr. Crouch,”  aid Harry loudly and clearly. “Get up, I'll take you to Dumbledore!” Mr., Crouch'  eye  rolled forward onto Harry. “Who…you?” he whi pered. “I'm a  tudent at the  chool,”  aid Harry, looking around at Krum for  ome help, but Krum wa  hanging back, looking extremely nervou . “You're not…hi ?” whi pered Crouch, hi  mouth  agging. “No,”  aid Harry, without the fainte t idea what Crouch wa  talking about. “Dumbledore' ?” “That'  right,”  aid Harry. Crouch wa  pulling him clo er; Harry tried to loo en Crouch'  grip on hi  robe , but it wa  too powerful. “Warn…Dumbledore…” “I'll get Dumbledore if you let go of me,”  aid Harry. “Ju t let go, Mr. Crouch, and I'll get him.…” “Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done that, I would like a cup of tea. My wife and  on will be arriving  hortly, we are attending a concert tonight with Mr. and Mr . Fudge.” Crouch wa  now talking fluently to a tree again, and  eemed completely unaware that Harry wa  there, which  urpri ed Harry  o much he didn't notice that Crouch had relea ed him. “Ye , my  on ha  recently gained twelve O.W.L. , mo t  ati factory, ye , thank you, ye , very proud indeed. Now, if you could bring me that memo from the Andorran Mini ter of Magic, I think I will have time to draft a re pon e.…” “You  tay here with him!” Harry  aid to Krum. “I'll get Dumbledore, I'll be quicker, I know where hi  office i  -” “He i  mad,”  aid Krum doubtfully,  taring down at Crouch, who wa   till gabbling to the tree, apparently convinced it wa  Percy. “Ju t  tay with him,”  aid Harry,  tarting to get up, but hi  movement  eemed to trigger another abrupt change in Mr. Crouch, who  eized him hard around the knee  and pulled Harry back to the ground. “Don't…leave…me!” he whi pered, hi  eye  bulging again. “I…e caped…mu t warn…mu t tell… ee Dumbledore…my fault…all my fault…Bertha…dead…all my fault…my  on…my fault…tell Dumbledore …Harry Potter…the Dark Lord… tronger…Harry Potter…” “I'll get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch!”  aid Harry. He looked furiou ly around at Krum. “Help me, will you?” Looking extremely apprehen ive, Krum moved forward and  quatted down next to Mr. Crouch. “Ju t keep him here,”  aid Harry, pulling him elf free of Mr. Crouch. “I'll be back with Dumbledore.” “Hurry, von't you?” Krum called after him a  Harry  printed away from the fore t and up through the dark ground . They were de erted; Bagman, Cedric, and Fleur had di appeared. Harry tore up the  tone  tep , through the oak front door , and off up the marble  tairca e, toward the  econd floor. Five minute  later he wa  hurtling toward a  tone gargoyle  tanding halfway along an empty corridor. “Sher -  herbet lemon!” he panted at it. Thi  wa  the pa word to the hidden  tairca e to Dumbledore'  office - or at lea t, it had been two year  ago. The pa word had evidently changed, however, for the  tone gargoyle did not  pring to life and jump a ide, but  tood frozen, glaring at Harry malevolently. “Move!” Harry  houted at it. “C'mon!” But nothing at Hogwart  had ever moved ju t becau e he  houted at it; he knew it wa  no good. He looked up and down the dark corridor. Perhap  Dumbledore wa  in the  taffroom? He  tarted running a  fa t a  he could toward the  tairca e - “POTTER!” Harry  kidded to a halt and looked around. Snape had ju t emerged from the hidden  tairca e behind the  tone gargoyle. The wall wa   liding  hut behind him even a  he beckoned Harry back toward him. “What are you doing here, Potter?” “I need to  ee Profe or Dumbledore!”  aid Harry, running back up the corridor and  kidding to a  tand till in front of Snape in tead. “It'  Mr. Crouch…he'  ju t turned up…he'  in the fore t…he'  a king -” “What i  thi  rubbi h?”  aid Snape, hi  black eye  glittering. “What are you talking about?” “Mr. Crouch!” Harry  houted. “From the Mini try! He'  ill or  omething - he'  in the fore t, he want  to  ee Dumbledore! Ju t give me the pa word up to -” “The headma ter i  bu y. Potter,”  aid Snape, hi  thin mouth curling into an unplea ant  mile. “I've got to tell Dumbledore!” Harry yelled. “Didn't you hear me. Potter?” Harry could tell Snape wa  thoroughly enjoying him elf, denying Harry the thing he wanted when he wa   o panicky. “Look,”  aid Harry angrily, “Crouch i n't right - he'  - he'  out of hi  mind - he  ay  he want  to warn -” The  tone wall behind Snape  lid open. Dumbledore wa   tanding there, wearing long green robe  and a mildly curiou  expre ion. “I  there a problem?” he  aid, looking between Harry and Snape. “Profe or!” Harry  aid,  ide tepping Snape before Snape could  peak, “Mr. Crouch i  here - he'  down in the fore t, he want  to  peak to you!” Harry expected Dumbledore to a k que tion , but to hi  relief, Dumbledore did nothing of the  ort. “Lead the way,” he  aid promptly, and he  wept off along the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape  tanding next to the gargoyle and looking twice a  ugly. “What did Mr. Crouch  ay. Harry?”  aid Dumbledore a  they walked  wiftly down the marble  tairca e. “Said he want  to warn you… aid he'  done  omething terrible…he mentioned hi   on…and Bertha Jorkin …and - and Voldemort… omething about Voldemort getting  tronger.…” “Indeed,”  aid Dumbledore, and he quickened hi  pace a  they hurried out into the pitch-darkne . “He'  not acting normally,” Harry  aid, hurrying along be ide Dumbledore. “He doe n't  eem to know where he i . He keep  talking like he think  Percy Wea ley'  there, and then he change , and  ay  he need  to  ee you.…I left him with Viktor Krum.” “You did?”  aid Dumbledore  harply, and he began to take longer  tride   till,  o that Harry wa  running to keep up. “Do you know if anybody el e  aw Mr. Crouch?” “No,”  aid Harry. “Krum and I were talking, Mr. Bagman had ju t fini hed telling u  about the third ta k, we  tayed behind, and then we  aw Mr. Crouch coming out of the fore t -” “Where are they?”  aid Dumbledore a  the Beauxbaton  carriage emerged from the darkne . “Over here,”  aid Harry, moving in front of Dumbledore, leading the way through the tree . He couldn't hear Crouch'  voice anymore, but he knew where he wa  going; it hadn't been much pa t the Beauxbaton  carriage… omewhere around here.… “Viktor?” Harry  houted. No one an wered. “They were here,” Harry  aid to Dumbledore. “They were definitely  omewhere around here.…” “Lumo ,” Dumbledore  aid, lighting hi  wand and holding it up. It  narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black trunk, illuminating the ground. And then it fell upon a pair of feet. Harry and Dumbledore hurried forward. Krum wa   prawled on the fore t floor. He  eemed to be uncon ciou . There wa  no  ign at all of Mr. Crouch. Dumbledore bent over Krum and gently lifted one of hi  eyelid . “Stunned,” he  aid  oftly. Hi  half-moon gla e  glittered in the wandlight a  he peered around at the  urrounding tree . “Should I go and get  omeone?”  aid Harry. “Madam Pomfrey?” “No,”  aid Dumbledore  wiftly. “Stay here.” He rai ed hi  wand into the air and pointed it in the direction of Hagrid'  cabin. Harry  aw  omething  ilvery dart out of it and  treak away through the tree  like a gho tly bird. Then Dumbledore bent over Krum again, pointed hi  wand at him, and muttered, “Ennervate.” Krum opened hi  eye . He looked dazed. When he  aw Dumbledore, he tried to  it up, but Dumbledore put a hand on hi   houlder and made him lie  till. “He attacked me!” Krum muttered, putting a hand up to hi  head. “The old madman attacked me! I vo  looking around to  ee vare Potter had gone and he attacked from behind!” “Lie  till for a moment,” Dumbledore  aid. The  ound of thunderou  footfall  reached them, and Hagrid came panting into  ight with Fang at hi  heel . He wa  carrying hi  cro bow. “Profe or Dumbledore!” he  aid, hi  eye  widening. “Harry - what the -?” “Hagrid, I need you to fetch Profe or Karkaroff,”  aid Dumbledore. “Hi   tudent ha  been attacked. When you've done that, kindly alert Profe or Moody -” “No need, Dumbledore,”  aid a wheezy growl. “I'm here.” Moody wa  limping toward them, leaning on hi   taff, hi  wand lit. “Damn leg,” he  aid furiou ly. “Would've been here quicker…what'  happened? Snape  aid  omething about Crouch -” “Crouch?”  aid Hagrid blankly. “Karkaroff, plea e, Hagrid!”  aid Dumbledore  harply. “Oh yeah…right y'are, Profe or…”  aid Hagrid, and he turned and di appeared into the dark tree , Fang trotting after him. “I don't know where Barty Crouch i ,” Dumbledore told Moody, “but it i  e ential that we find him.” “I'm onto it,” growled Moody, and he pulled out hi  wand and limped off into the fore t. Neither Dumbledore nor Harry  poke again until they heard the unmi takable  ound  of Hagrid and Fang returning. Karkaroff wa  hurrying along behind them. He wa  wearing hi   leek  ilver fur , and he looked pale and agitated. “What i  thi ?” he cried when he  aw Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry be ide him. “What'  going on?” “I vo  attacked!”  aid Krum,  itting up now and rubbing hi  head. “Mr. Crouch or votever hi  name -” “Crouch attacked you? Crouch attacked you? The Triwizard judge?” “Igor,” Dumbledore began, but Karkaroff had drawn him elf up, clutching hi  fur  around him, looking livid. “Treachery!” he bellowed, pointing at Dumbledore. “It i  a plot! You and your Mini try of Magic have lured me here under fal e preten e , Dumbledore! Thi  i  not an equal competition! Fir t you  neak Potter into the tournament, though he i  underage! Now one of your Mini try friend  attempt  to put my champion out of action! I  mell double-dealing and corruption in thi  whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, you, with your talk of clo er international wizarding link , of rebuilding old tie , of forgetting old difference  - here'  what I think of you!” Karkaroff  pat onto the ground at Dumbledore'  feet. In one  wift movement, Hagrid  eized the front of Karkaroff'  fur , lifted him into the air, and  lammed him again t a nearby tree. “Apologize!” Hagrid  narled a  Karkaroff ga ped for breath, Hagrid'  ma ive fi t at hi  throat, hi  feet dangling in midair. “Hagrid, no!” Dumbledore  houted, hi  eye  fla hing. Hagrid removed the hand pinning Karkaroff to the tree, and Karkaroff  lid all the way down the trunk and  lumped in a huddle at it  root ; a few twig  and leave   howered down upon hi  head. “Kindly e cort Harry back up to the ca tle, Hagrid,”  aid Dumbledore  harply. Breathing heavily, Hagrid gave Karkaroff a glowering look. “Maybe I'd better  tay here. Headma ter.…” “You will take Harry back to  chool, Hagrid,” Dumbledore repeated firmly. “Take him right up to Gryffindor Tower. And Harry - I want you to  tay there. Anything you might want to do - any owl  you might want to  end - they can wait until morning, do you under tand me?” “Er - ye ,”  aid Harry,  taring at him. How had Dumbledore known that, at that very moment, he had been thinking about  ending Pigwidgeon  traight to Siriu , to tell him what had happened? “I'll leave Fang with yeh. Headma ter,” Hagrid  aid,  taring menacingly at Karkaroff, who wa   till  prawled at the foot of the tree, tangled in fur  and tree root . “Stay, Fang. C'mon, Harry.” They marched in  ilence pa t the Beauxbaton  carriage and up toward the ca tle. “How dare he,” Hagrid growled a  they  trode pa t the lake. “How dare he accu e Dumbledore. Like Dumbledore'd do anythin' like that. Like Dumbledore wanted you in the tournament in the fir ' place. Worried! I dunno when I  een Dumbledore more worried than he'  bin lately. An' you!” Hagrid  uddenly  aid angrily to Harry, who looked up at him, taken aback. “What were yeh doin', wanderin' off with ruddy Krum? He'  from Durm trang, Harry! Coulda jinxed yeh right there, couldn he? Ha n' Moody taught yeh nothin'? 'Magine lettin him lure yeh off on yer own -” “Krum'  all right!”  aid Harry a  they climbed the  tep  into the entrance hall. “He wa n't trying to jinx me, he ju t wanted to talk about Hermione -” “I'll be havin' a few word  with her, an' all,”  aid Hagrid grimly,  tomping up the  tair . “The le  you lot 'ave ter do with the e foreigner , the happier yeh'll be. Yeh can tru t any of 'em.” “You were getting on all right with Madame Maxime,” Harry  aid, annoyed. “Don' you talk ter me abou' her!”  aid Hagrid, and he looked quite frightening for a moment. “I've got her number now! Tryin' ter get back in me good book , tryin' ter get me ter tell her what'  comin in the third ta k. Ha! You can' tru t any of'em!” Hagrid wa  in  uch a bad mood, Harry wa  quite glad to  ay good-bye to him in front of the Fat Lady. He clambered through the portrait hole into the common room and hurried  traight for the corner where Ron and Hermione were  itting, to tell them what had happened. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE THE DREAM I t come  down to thi ,“  aid Hermione, rubbing her forehead. ”Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or  omebody el e attacked both of them when Viktor wa n't looking." “It mu t've been Crouch,”  aid Ron at once. “That'  why he wa  gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. He'd done a runner.” “I don't think  o,”  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. “He  eemed really weak - I don't reckon he wa  up to Di apparating or anything.” “You can't Di apparate on the Hogwart  ground , haven't I told you enough time ?”  aid Hermione. “Okay…how  thi  for a theory,”  aid Ron excitedly. “Krum attacked Crouch - no, wait for it - and then Stunned him elf!” “And Mr. Crouch evaporated, did he?”  aid Hermione coldly. “Oh yeah…” It wa  daybreak. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept out of their dormitorie  very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to  end a note to Siriu . Now they were  tanding looking out at the mi ty ground . All three of them were puffy-eyed and pale becau e they had been talking late into the night about Mr. Crouch. “Ju t go through it again, Harry,”  aid Hermione. “What did Mr. Crouch actually  ay?” “I've told you, he wa n't making much  en e,”  aid Harry. “He  aid he wanted to warn Dumbledore about  omething. He definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkin , and he  eemed to think  he wa  dead. He kept  aying  tuff wa  hi  fault.…He mentioned hi   on.” “Well, that wa  hi  fault,”  aid Hermione te tily. “He wa  out of hi  mind,”  aid Harry. “Half the time he  eemed to think hi  wife and  on were  till alive, and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving him in truction .” “And…remind me what he  aid about You-Know-Who?”  aid Ron tentatively. “I've told you,” Harry repeated dully. “He  aid he'  getting  tronger.” There wa  a pau e. Then Ron  aid in a fal ely confident voice, “But he wa  out of hi  mind, like you  aid,  o half of it wa  probably ju t raving.…” “He wa   ane t when he wa  trying to talk about Voldemort,”  aid Harry, and Ron winced at the  ound of the name. “He wa  having real trouble  tringing two word  together, but that wa  when he  eemed to know where he wa , and know what he wanted to do. He ju t kept  aying he had to  ee Dumbledore.” Harry turned away from the window and  tared up into the rafter . The many perche  were half-empty; every now and then, another owl would  woop in through one of the window , returning from it  night'  hunting with a mou e in it  beak. “If Snape hadn't held me up,” Harry  aid bitterly, “we might've got there in time. 'The headma ter i  bu y. Potter…what'  thi  rubbi h, Potter?' Why couldn't he have ju t got out of the way?” “Maybe he didn't want you to get there!”  aid Ron quickly. “Maybe - hang on - how fa t d'you reckon he could've gotten down to the fore t? D'you reckon he could've beaten you and Dumbledore there?” “Not unle  he can turn him elf into a bat or  omething,”  aid Harry. “Wouldn't put it pa t him,” Ron muttered. “We need to  ee Profe or Moody,”  aid Hermione. “We need to find out whether he found Mr. Crouch.” “If he had the Marauder'  Map on him, it would've been ea y,”  aid Harry. “Unle  Crouch wa  already out ide the ground ,”  aid Ron, “becau e it only  how  up to the boundarie , doe n't -” “Shh!”  aid Hermione  uddenly. Somebody wa  climbing the  tep  up to the Owlery. Harry could hear two voice  arguing, coming clo er and clo er. “- that'  blackmail, that i , we could get into a lot of trouble for that-” “- we've tried being polite; it'  time to play dirty, like him. He wouldn't like the Mini try of Magic knowing what he did -” “I'm telling you, if you put that in writing, it'  blackmail!” “Yeah, and you won't be complaining if we get a nice fat payoff, will you?” The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came over the thre hold, then froze at the  ight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “What're you doing here?” Ron and Fred  aid at the  ame time. “Sending a letter,”  aid Harry and George in uni on. “What, at thi  time?”  aid Hermione and Fred. Fred grinned. “Fine - we won't a k you what you're doing, if you don't a k u ,” he  aid. He wa  holding a  ealed envelope in hi  hand . Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpo e,  hifted hi  hand  o that the name on it wa  covered. “Well, don't let u  hold you up,” Fred  aid, making a mock bow and pointing at the door. Ron didn't move. “Who're you blackmailing?” he  aid. The grin vani hed from Fred'  face. Harry  aw George half glance at Fred, before  miling at Ron. “Don't be  tupid, I wa  only joking,” he  aid ea ily. “Didn't  ound like that,”  aid Ron. Fred and George looked at each other. Then Fred  aid abruptly, “I've told you before, Ron, keep your no e out if you like it the  hape it i . Can't  ee why you would, but -” “It'  my bu ine  if you're blackmailing  omeone,”  aid Ron. “George'  right, you could end up in  eriou  trouble for that.” “Told you, I wa  joking,”  aid George. He walked over to Fred, pulled the letter out of hi  hand , and began attaching it to the leg of the neare t barn owl. “You're  tarting to  ound a bit like our dear older brother, you are, Ron. Carry on like thi  and you'll be made a prefect.” “No, I won't!”  aid Ron hotly. George carried the barn owl over to the window and it took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron. “Well,  top telling people what to do then. See you later.” He and Fred left the Owlery. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  tared at one another. “You don't think they know  omething about all thi , do you?” Hermione whi pered. “About Crouch and everything?” “No,”  aid Harry. “If it wa   omething that  eriou , they'd tell  omeone. They'd tell Dumbledore.” Ron, however, wa  looking uncomfortable. “What'  the matter?” Hermione a ked him. “Well…”  aid Ron  lowly, “I dunno if they would. They're…they're ob e ed with making money lately, I noticed it when I wa  hanging around with them - when - you know -” “We weren't talking.” Harry fini hed the  entence for him. “Yeah, but blackmail…” “It'  thi  joke  hop idea they've got,”  aid Ron. “I thought they were only  aying it to annoy Mum, but they really mean it, they want to  tart one. They've only got a year left at Hogwart , they keep going on about how it'  time to think about their future, and Dad can't help them, and they need gold to get  tarted.” Hermione wa  looking uncomfortable now. “Ye , but…they wouldn't do anything again t the law to get gold.” “Wouldn't they?”  aid Ron, looking  keptical. “I dunno…they don't exactly mind breaking rule , do they?” “Ye , but thi  i  the law,”  aid Hermione, looking  cared. “Thi  i n't  ome  illy  chool rule.…They'll get a lot more than detention for blackmail! Ron…maybe you'd better tell Percy.…” “Are you mad?”  aid Ron. “Tell Percy? He'd probably do a Crouch and turn them in.” He  tared at the window through which Fred and George'  owl had departed, then  aid, “Come on, let'  get  ome breakfa t.” “D'you think it'  too early to go and  ee Profe or Moody?” Hermione  aid a  they went down the  piral  tairca e. “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “He'd probably bla t u  through the door if we wake him at the crack of dawn; he'll think we're trying to attack him while he'  a leep. Let'  give it till break.” Hi tory of Magic had rarely gone  o  lowly. Harry kept checking Ron'  watch, having finally di carded hi  own, but Ron'  wa  moving  o  lowly he could have  worn it had  topped working too. All three of them were  o tired they could happily have put their head  down on the de k  and  lept; even Hermione wa n't taking her u ual note , but wa   itting with her head on her hand, gazing at Profe or Binn  with her eye  out of focu . When the bell finally rang, they hurried out into the corridor  toward the Dark Art  cla room and found Profe or Moody leaving it. He looked a  tired a  they felt. The eyelid of hi  normal eye wa  drooping, giving hi  face an even more lop ided appearance than u ual. “Profe or Moody?” Harry called a  they made their way toward him through the crowd. “Hello, Potter,” growled Moody. Hi  magical eye followed a couple of pa ing fir t year , who  ped up, looking nervou ; it rolled into the back of Moody'  head and watched them around the corner before he  poke again. “Come in here.” He  tood back to let them into hi  empty cla room, limped in after them, and clo ed the door. “Did you find him?” Harry a ked without preamble. “Mr. Crouch?” “No,”  aid Moody. He moved over to hi  de k,  at down,  tretched out hi  wooden leg with a  light groan, and pulled out hi  hip fla k. “Did you u e the map?” Harry  aid. “Of cour e,”  aid Moody, taking a  wig from hi  fla k. “Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned it from my office into the fore t. He wa n't anywhere on there.” “So he did Di apparate?”  aid Ron. “You can't Di apparate on the ground , Ron!”  aid Hermione. “There are other way  he could have di appeared, aren't there, Profe or?” Moody'  magical eye quivered a  it re ted on Hermione. “You're another one who might think about a career a  an Auror,” he told her. “Mind work  the right way. Granger.” Hermione flu hed pink with plea ure. “Well, he wa n't invi ible,”  aid Harry. “The map  how  invi ible people. He mu t've left the ground , then.” “But under hi  own  team?”  aid Hermione eagerly, “or becau e  omeone made him?” “Yeah,  omeone could've - could've pulled him onto a broom and flown off with him, couldn't they?”  aid Ron quickly, looking hopefully at Moody a  if he too wanted to be told he had the making  of an Auror. “We can't rule out kidnap,” growled Moody. “So,”  aid Ron, “d'you reckon he'   omewhere in Hog meade?” “Could be anywhere,”  aid Moody,  haking hi  head. “Only thing we know for  ure i  that he'  not here.” He yawned widely,  o that hi   car   tretched, and hi  lop ided mouth revealed a number of mi ing teeth. Then he  aid, “Now, Dumbledore'  told me you three fancy your elve  a  inve tigator , but there'  nothing you can do for Crouch. The Mini try'll be looking for him now, Dumbledore'  notified them. Potter, you ju t keep your mind on the third ta k.” “What?”  aid Harry. “Oh yeah…” He hadn't given the maze a  ingle thought  ince he'd left it with Krum the previou  night. “Should be right up your  treet, thi  one,”  aid Moody, looking up at Harry and  cratching hi   carred and  tubbly chin. “From what Dumbledore'   aid, you've managed to get through  tuff like thi  plenty of time . Broke your way through a  erie  of ob tacle  guarding the Sorcerer  Stone in your fir t year, didn't you?” “We helped,” Ron  aid quickly. “Me and Hermione helped.” Moody grinned. “Well, help him practice for thi  one, and I'll be very  urpri ed if he doe n't win,”  aid Moody. “In the meantime…con tant vigilance, Potter. Con tant vigilance.” He took another long draw from hi  hip fla k, and hi  magical eye  wiveled onto the window. The topmo t  ail of the Durm trang  hip wa  vi ible through it. “You two,” coun eled Moody, hi  normal eye on Ron and Hermione, “you  tick clo e to Potter, all right? I'm keeping an eye on thing , but all the  ame…you can never have too many eye  out.” Siriu   ent their owl back the very next morning. It fluttered down be ide Harry at the  ame moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a copy of the Daily Prophet in it  beak. She took the new paper,  canned the fir t few page ,  aid, “Ha! She ha n't got wind of Crouch!” then joined Ron and Harry in reading what Siriu  had to  ay on the my teriou  event  of the night before la t. Harry - what do you think you are playing at, walking off into the fore t with Viktor Krum? I want you to  wear, by return owl, that you are not going to go walking with anyone el e at night. There i   omebody highly dangerou  at Hogwart . It i  clear to me that they wanted to  top Crouch from  eeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from them in the dark. You could have been killed. Your name didn't get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. If  omeone'  trying to attack you, they're on their la t chance. Stay clo e to Ron and Hermione, do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hour , and arm your elf for the third ta k. Practice Stunning and Di arming. A few hexe  wouldn't go ami  either. There'  nothing you can do about Crouch. Keep your head down and look after your elf. I'm waiting for your letter giving me your word you won't  tray out-of-bound  again. Siriu  “Who'  he, to lecture me about being out-of-bound ?”  aid Harry in mild indignation a  he folded up Siriu '  letter and put it in ide hi  robe . “After all the  tuff he did at  chool!” “He'  worried about you!”  aid Hermione  harply. “Ju t like Moody and Hagrid! So li ten to them!” “No one'  tried to attack me all year,”  aid Harry. “No one'  done anything to me at all-” “Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire,”  aid Hermione. “And they mu t've done that for a rea on. Harry. Snuffle  i  right. Maybe they've been biding their time. Maybe thi  i  the ta k they're going to get you.” “Look,”  aid Harry impatiently, “let'   ay Siriu  i  right, and  omeone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. Well, they would've been in the tree  near u , wouldn't they? But they waited till I wa  out of the way until they acted, didn't they? So it doe n't look like I'm their target, doe  it?” “They couldn't have made it look like an accident if they'd murdered you in the fore t!”  aid Hermione. “But if you die during a ta k-” “They didn't care about attacking Krum, did they?”  aid Harry. “Why didn't they ju t poli h me off at the  ame time? They could've made it look like Krum and I had a duel or  omething.” “Harry, I don't under tand it either,”  aid Hermione de perately. “I ju t know there are a lot of odd thing  going on, and I don't like it.…Moody'  right - Siriu  i  right - you've got to get in training for the third ta k,  traight away. And you make  ure you write back to Siriu  and promi e him you're not going to go  neaking off alone again.” The Hogwart  ground  never looked more inviting than when Harry had to  tay indoor . For the next few day  he  pent all of hi  free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexe , or el e in empty cla room , which they  neaked into to practice. Harry wa  concentrating on the Stunning Spell, which he had never u ed before. The trouble wa  that practicing it involved certain  acrifice  on Ron'  and Hermione'  part. “Can't we kidnap Mr . Norri ?” Ron  ugge ted on Monday lunchtime a  he lay flat on hi  back in the middle of their Charm  cla room, having ju t been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. “Let'  Stun her for a bit. Or you could u e Dobby, Harry, I bet he'd do anything to help you. I'm not complaining or anything” - he got gingerly to hi  feet, rubbing hi  back ide - “but I'm aching all over.…” “Well, you keep mi ing the cu hion , don't you!”  aid Hermione impatiently, rearranging the pile of cu hion  they had u ed for the Bani hing Spell, which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. “Ju t try and fall backward!” “Once you're Stunned, you can't aim too well, Hermione! ” aid Ron angrily. “Why don't you take a turn?” “Well, I think Harry'  got it now, anyway,”  aid Hermione ha tily. “And we don't have to worry about Di arming, becau e he'  been able to do that for age .…I think we ought to  tart on  ome of the e hexe  thi  evening.” She looked down the li t they had made in the library. “I like the look of thi  one,”  he  aid, “thi  Impediment Cur e. Should  low down anything that'  trying to attack you. Harry. We'll  tart with that one.” The bell rang. They ha tily  hoved the cu hion  back into Flitwick'  cupboard and  lipped out of the cla room. “See you at dinner!”  aid Hermione, and  he  et off for Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower, and Divination. Broad  trip  of dazzling gold  unlight tell acro  the corridor from the high window . The  ky out ide wa   o brightly blue it looked a  though it had been enameled. “It'  going to be boiling in Trelawney'  room,  he never put  out that fire,”  aid Ron a  they  tarted up the  tairca e toward the  ilver ladder and the trapdoor. He wa  quite right. The dimly lit room wa   welteringly hot. The fume  from the perfumed fire were heavier than ever. Harry'  head  wam a  he made hi  way over to one of the curtained window . While Profe or Trelawney wa  looking the other way, di entangling her  hawl from a lamp, he opened it an inch or  o and  ettled back in hi  chintz armchair,  o that a  oft breeze played acro  hi  face. It wa  extremely comfortable. “My dear ,”  aid Profe or Trelawney,  itting down in her winged armchair in front of the cla  and peering around at them all with her  trangely enlarged eye , “we have almo t fini hed our work on planetary divination. Today, however, will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effect  of Mar , for he i  placed mo t intere tingly at the pre ent time. If you will all look thi  way, I will dim the light .…” She waved her wand and the lamp  went out. The fire wa  the only  ource of light now. Profe or Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under her chair, a miniature model of the  olar  y tem, contained within a gla  dome. It wa  a beautiful thing; each of the moon  glimmered in place around the nine planet  and the fiery  un, all of them hanging in thin air beneath the gla . Harry watched lazily a  Profe or Trelawney began to point out the fa cinating angle Mar  wa  making to Neptune. The heavily perfumed fume  wa hed over him, and the breeze from the window played acro  hi  face. He could hear an in ect humming gently  omewhere behind the curtain. Hi  eyelid  began to droop.… He wa  riding on the back of an eagle owl,  oaring through the clear blue  ky toward an old, ivy-covered hou e  et high on a hill ide. Lower and lower they flew, the wind blowing plea antly in Harry'  face, until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper  tory of the hou e and entered. Now they were flying along a gloomy pa ageway, to a room at the very end…through the door they went, into a dark room who e window  were boarded up.… Harry had left the owl'  back…he wa  watching, now, a  it fluttered acro  the room, into a chair with it  back to him.…There were two dark  hape  on the floor be ide the chair…both of them were  tirring.… One wa  a huge  nake…the other wa  a man…a  hort, balding man, a man with watery eye  and a pointed no e…he wa  wheezing and  obbing on the hearth rug.… “You are in luck, Wormtail,”  aid a cold, high-pitched voice from the depth  of the chair in which the owl had landed. “You are very fortunate indeed. Your blunder ha  not ruined everything. He i  dead.” “My Lord!” ga ped the man on the floor. “My Lord, I am…I am  o plea ed…and  o  orry.…” “Nagini,”  aid the cold voice, “you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all…but never mind, never mind…there i   till Harry Potter.…” The  nake hi ed. Harry could  ee it  tongue fluttering. “Now, Wormtail,”  aid the cold voice, “perhap  one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you.…” “My Lord…no…I beg you…” The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of the chair. It wa  pointing at Wormtail. “Crucio!”  aid the cold voice. Wormtail  creamed,  creamed a  though every nerve in hi  body were on fire, the  creaming filled Harry'  ear  a  the  car on hi  forehead  eared with pain; he wa  yelling too…Voldemort would hear him, would know he wa  there.… “Harry! Harry!” Harry opened hi  eye . He wa  lying on the floor of Profe or Trelawney'  room with hi  hand  over hi  face. Hi   car wa   till burning  o badly that hi  eye  were watering. The pain had been real. The whole cla  wa   tanding around him, and Ron wa  kneeling next to him, looking terrified. “You all right?” he  aid. “Of cour e he i n't!”  aid Profe or Trelawney, looking thoroughly excited. Her great eye  loomed over Harry, gazing at him. “What wa  it. Potter? A premonition? An apparition? What did you  ee?” “Nothing,” Harry lied. He  at up. He could feel him elf  haking. He couldn't  top him elf from looking around, into the  hadow  behind him; Voldemort'  voice had  ounded  o clo e.… “You were clutching your  car!”  aid Profe or Trelawney. “You were rolling on the floor, clutching your  car! Come now. Potter, I have experience in the e matter !” Harry looked up at her. “I need to go to the ho pital wing, I think,” he  aid. “Bad headache.” “My dear, you were undoubtedly  timulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibration  of my room!”  aid Profe or Trelawney. “If you leave now, you may lo e the opportunity to  ee further than you have ever -” “I don't want to  ee anything except a headache cure,”  aid Harry. He  tood up. The cla  backed away. They all looked unnerved. “See you later,” Harry muttered to Ron, and he picked up hi  bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring Profe or Trelawney, who wa  wearing an expre ion of great fru tration, a  though  he had ju t been denied a real treat. When Harry reached the bottom of her  tepladder, however, he did not  et off for the ho pital wing. He had no intention what oever of going there. Siriu  had told him what to do if hi   car hurt him again, and Harry wa  going to follow hi  advice: He wa  going  traight to Dumbledore'  office. He marched down the corridor , thinking about what he had  een in the dream…it had been a  vivid a  the one that had awoken him on Privet Drive.…He ran over the detail  in hi  mind, trying to make  ure he could remember them.…He had heard Voldemort accu ing Wormtail of making a blunder…but the owl had brought good new , the blunder had been repaired,  omebody wa  dead… o Wormtail wa  not going to be fed to the  nake…he, Harry, wa  going to be fed to it in tead.… Harry had walked right pa t the  tone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledore  office without noticing. He blinked, looked around, realized what he had done, and retraced hi   tep ,  topping in front of it. Then he remembered that he didn't know the pa word. “Sherbet lemon?” he tried tentatively. The gargoyle did not move. “Okay,”  aid Harry,  taring at it, “Pear Drop. Er - Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble'  Be t Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott'  Every Flavor Bean …oh no, he doe n't like them, doe  he?…oh ju t open, can't you?” he  aid angrily. “I really need to  ee him, it  urgent!” The gargoyle remained immovable. Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in hi  big toe. “Chocolate Frog!” he yelled angrily,  tanding on one leg. “Sugar Quill! Cockroach Clu ter!” The gargoyle  prang to life and jumped a ide. Harry blinked. “Cockroach Clu ter?” he  aid, amazed. “I wa  only joking.…” He hurried through the gap in the wall  and  tepped onto the foot of a  piral  tone  tairca e, which moved  lowly upward a  the door  clo ed behind him, taking him up to a poli hed oak door with a bra  door knocker. He could hear voice  from in ide the office. He  tepped off the moving  tairca e and he itated, li tening. “Dumbledore, I'm afraid I don't  ee the connection, don't  ee it at all!” It wa  the voice of the Mini ter of Magic, Corneliu  Fudge. “Ludo  ay  Bertha  perfectly capable of getting her elf lo t. I agree we would have expected to have found her by now, but all the  ame, we've no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at all. A  for her di appearance being linked with Barty Crouch' !” “And what do you think  happened to Barty Crouch, Mini ter?”  aid Moody'  growling voice. “I  ee two po ibilitie , Ala tor,”  aid Fudge. “Either Crouch ha  finally cracked - more than likely, I'm  ure you'll agree, given hi  per onal hi tory - lo t hi  mind, and gone wandering off  omewhere -” “He wandered extremely quickly, if that i  the ca e, Corneliu ,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “Or el e - well…” Fudge  ounded embarra ed. “Well, I'll re erve judgment until after I've  een the place where he wa  found, but you  ay it wa  ju t pa t the Beauxbaton  carriage? Dumbledore, you know what that woman i ?” “I con ider her to be a very able headmi tre  - and an excellent dancer,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Dumbledore, come!”  aid Fudge angrily. “Don't you think you might be prejudiced in her favor becau e of Hagrid? They don't all turn out harmle  - if, indeed, you can call Hagrid harmle , with that mon ter fixation he'  got -” “I no more  u pect Madame Maxime than Hagrid,”  aid Dumbledore, ju t a  calmly. “I think it po ible that it i  you who are prejudiced, Corneliu .” “Can we wrap up thi  di cu ion?” growled Moody. “Ye , ye , let'  go down to the ground , then,”  aid Fudge impatiently. “No, it'  not that,”  aid Moody, “it'  ju t that Potter want  a word with you, Dumbledore. He'  ju t out ide the door.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY THE PENSIEVE T he door of the office opened. “Hello, Potter,”  aid Moody. “Come in, then.” Harry walked in ide. He had been in ide Dumbledore'  office once before; it wa  a very beautiful, circular room, lined with picture  of previou  headma ter  and headmi tre e  of Hogwart , all of whom were fa t a leep, their che t  ri ing and falling gently. Corneliu  Fudge wa   tanding be ide Dumbledore'  de k, wearing hi  u ual pin triped cloak and holding hi  lime-green bowler hat. “Harry!”  aid Fudge jovially, moving forward. “How are you?” “Fine,” Harry lied. “We were ju t talking about the night when Mr. Crouch turned up on the ground ,”  aid Fudge. “It wa  you who found him, wa  it not?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. Then, feeling it wa  pointle  to pretend that he hadn't overheard what they had been  aying, he added, “I didn't  ee Madame Maxime anywhere, though, and  he'd have a job hiding, wouldn't  he?” Dumbledore  miled at Harry behind Fudge'  back, hi  eye  twinkling. “Ye , well,”  aid Fudge, looking embarra ed, “we're about to go for a  hort walk on the ground , Harry, if you'll excu e u …perhap  if you ju t go back to your cla  -” “I wanted to talk to you. Profe or,” Harry  aid quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a  wift,  earching look. “Wait here for me, Harry,” he  aid. “Our examination of the ground  will not take long.” They trooped out in  ilence pa t him and clo ed the door. After a minute or  o, Harry heard the clunk  of Moody'  wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor below. He looked around. “Hello, Fawke ,” he  aid. Fawke , Profe or Dumbledore'  phoenix, wa   tanding on hi  golden perch be ide the door. The  ize of a  wan, with magnificent  carlet-and-gold plumage, he  wi hed hi  long tail and blinked benignly at Harry. Harry  at down in a chair in front of Dumbledore'  de k. For  everal minute , he  at and watched the old headma ter  and headmi tre e   noozing in their frame , thinking about what he had ju t heard, and running hi  finger  over hi   car. It had  topped hurting now. He felt much calmer,  omehow, now that he wa  in Dumbledore'  office, knowing he would  hortly be telling him about the dream. Harry looked up at the wall  behind the de k. The patched and ragged Sorting Hat wa   tanding on a  helf. A gla  ca e next to it held a magnificent  ilver  word with large rubie   et into the hilt, which Harry recognized a  the one he him elf had pulled out of the Sorting Hat in hi   econd year. The  word had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry'  Hou e. He wa  gazing at it, remembering how it had come to hi  aid when he had thought all hope wa  lo t, when he noticed a patch of  ilvery light, dancing and  himmering on the gla  ca e. He looked around for the  ource of the light and  aw a  liver of  ilver-white  hining brightly from within a black cabinet behind him, who e door had not been clo ed properly. Harry he itated, glanced at Fawke , then got up, walked acro  the office, and pulled open the cabinet door. A  hallow  tone ba in lay there, with odd carving  around the edge: rune  and  ymbol  that Harry did not recognize. The  ilvery light wa  coming from the ba in'  content , which were like nothing Harry had ever  een before. He could not tell whether the  ub tance wa  liquid or ga . It wa  a bright, whiti h  ilver, and it wa  moving cea ele ly; the  urface of it became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, like cloud ,  eparated and  wirled  moothly. It looked like light made liquid - or like wind made  olid - Harry couldn't make up hi  mind. He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but nearly four year ' experience of the magical world told him that  ticking hi  hand into a bowl full of  ome unknown  ub tance wa  a very  tupid thing to do. He therefore pulled hi  wand out of the in ide of hi  robe , ca t a nervou  look around the office, looked back at the content  of the ba in, and prodded them. The  urface of the  ilvery  tuff in ide the ba in began to  wirl very fa t. Harry bent clo er, hi  head right in ide the cabinet. The  ilvery  ub tance had become tran parent; it looked like gla . He looked down into it expecting to  ee the  tone bottom of the ba in - and  aw in tead an enormou  room below the  urface of the my teriou   ub tance, a room into which he  eemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling. The room wa  dimly lit; he thought it might even be underground, for there were no window , merely torche  in bracket   uch a  the one  that illuminated the wall  of Hogwart . Lowering hi  face  o that hi  no e wa  a mere inch away from the gla y  ub tance, Harry  aw that row  and row  of witche  and wizard  were  eated around every wall on what  eemed to be benche  ri ing in level . An empty chair  tood in the very center of the room. There wa   omething about the chair that gave Harry an ominou  feeling. Chain  encircled the arm  of it, a  though it  occupant  were u ually tied to it. Where wa  thi  place? It  urely wa n't Hogwart ; he had never  een a room like that here in the ca tle. Moreover, the crowd in the my teriou  room at the bottom of the ba in wa  compri ed of adult , and Harry knew there were not nearly that many teacher  at Hogwart . They  eemed, he thought, to be waiting for  omething; even though he could only  ee the top  of their hat , all of their face   eemed to be pointing in one direction, and none of them were talking to one another. The ba in being circular, and the room he wa  ob erving  quare, Harry could not make out what wa  going on in the corner  of it. He leaned even clo er, tilting hi  head, trying to  ee… The tip of hi  no e touched the  trange  ub tance into which he wa   taring. Dumbledore'  office gave an almighty lurch - Harry wa  thrown forward and pitched headfir t into the  ub tance in ide the ba in - But hi  head did not hit the  tone bottom. He wa  falling through  omething icy-cold and black; it wa  like being  ucked into a dark whirlpool - And  uddenly, Harry found him elf  itting on a bench at the end of the room in ide the ba in, a bench rai ed high above the other . He looked up at the high  tone ceiling, expecting to  ee the circular window through which he had ju t been  taring, but there wa  nothing there but dark,  olid  tone. Breathing hard and fa t. Harry looked around him. Not one of the witche  and wizard  in the room (and there were at lea t two hundred of them) wa  looking at him. Not one of them  eemed to have noticed that a fourteen-year-old boy had ju t dropped from the ceiling into their mid t. Harry turned to the wizard next to him on the bench and uttered a loud cry of  urpri e that reverberated around the  ilent room. He wa   itting right next to Albu  Dumbledore. “Profe or!” Harry  aid in a kind of  trangled whi per. “I'm  orry - I didn't mean to - I wa  ju t looking at that ba in in your cabinet - I - where are we?” But Dumbledore didn't move or  peak. He ignored Harry completely. Like every other wizard on the benche , he wa   taring into the far corner of the room, where there wa  a door. Harry gazed, nonplu ed, at Dumbledore, then around at the  ilently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore. And then it dawned on him.… Once before. Harry had found him elf  omewhere that nobody could  ee or hear him. That time, he had fallen through a page in an enchanted diary, right into  omebody el e'  memory…and unle  he wa  very much mi taken,  omething of the  ort had happened again… Harry rai ed hi  right hand, he itated, and then waved it energetically in from of Dumbledore'  face. Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or indeed move at all. And that, in Harry'  opinion,  ettled the matter. Dumbledore wouldn't ignore him like that. He wa  in ide a memory, and thi  wa  not the pre ent-day Dumbledore. Yet it couldn't be that long ago…the Dumbledore  itting next to him now wa   ilver-haired, ju t like the pre ent-day Dumbledore. But what wa  thi  place? What were all the e wizard  waiting for? Harry looked around more carefully. The room, a  he had  u pected when ob erving it from above, wa  almo t certainly underground - more of a dungeon than a room, he thought. There wa  a bleak and forbidding air about the place; there were no picture  on the wall , no decoration  at all; ju t the e  erried row  of benche , ri ing in level  all around the room, all po itioned  o that they had a clear view of that chair with the chain  on it  arm . Before Harry could reach any conclu ion  about the place in which they were, he heard foot tep . The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered - or at lea t one man, flanked by two dementor . Harry'  in ide  went cold. The dementor  - tall, hooded creature  who e face  were concealed - were gliding  lowly toward the chair in the center of the room, each gra ping one of the man'  arm  with their dead and rotten-looking hand . The man between them looked a  though he wa  about to faint, and Harry couldn't blame him…he knew the dementor  could not touch him in ide a memory, but he remembered their power only too well. The watching crowd recoiled  lightly a  the dementor  placed the man in the chained chair and glided back out of the room. The door  wung  hut behind them. Harry looked down at the man now  itting in the chair and  aw that it wa  Karkaroff. Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; hi  hair and goatee were black. He wa  not dre ed in  leek fur , but in thin and ragged robe . He wa   haking. Even a  Harry watched, the chain  on the arm  of the chair glowed  uddenly gold and  naked their way up Karkaroff'  arm , binding him there. “Igor Karkaroff,”  aid a curt voice to Harry'  left. Harry looked around and  aw Mr. Crouch  tanding up in the middle of the bench be ide him. Crouch'  hair wa  dark, hi  face wa  much le  lined, he looked fit and alert. “You have been brought from Azkaban to pre ent evidence to the Mini try of Magic. You have given u  to under tand that you have important information for u .” Karkaroff  traightened him elf a  be t he could, tightly bound to the chair. “I have,  ir,” he  aid, and although hi  voice wa  very  cared, Harry could  till hear the familiar unctuou  note in it. “I wi h to be of u e to the Mini try. I wi h to help. I - I know that the Mini try i  trying to - to round up the la t of the Dark Lord   upporter . I am eager to a i t in any way I can.…” There wa  a murmur around the benche . Some of the wizard  and witche  were  urveying Karkaroff with intere t, other  with pronounced mi tru t. Then Harry heard, quite di tinctly, from Dumbledore  other  ide, a familiar, growling voice  aying, “Filth.” Harry leaned forward  o that he could  ee pa t Dumbledore. Mad-Eye Moody wa   itting there - except that there wa  a very noticeable difference in hi  appearance. He did not have hi  magical eye, but two normal one . Both were looking down upon Karkaroff, and both were narrowed in inten e di like. “Crouch i  going to let him out,” Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. “He'  done a deal with him. Took me  ix month  to track him down, and Crouch i  going to let him go if he'  got enough new name . Let'  hear hi  information, I  ay, and throw him  traight back to the dementor .” Dumbledore made a  mall noi e of di ent through hi  long, crooked no e. “Ah, I wa  forgetting…you don't like the dementor , do you, Albu ?”  aid Moody with a  ardonic  mile. “No,”  aid Dumbledore calmly, “I'm afraid I don't. I have long felt the Mini try i  wrong to ally it elf with  uch creature .” “But for filth like thi …” Moody  aid  oftly. “You  ay you have name  for u , Karkaroff,”  aid Mr. Crouch. “Let u  hear them, plea e.” “You mu t under tand,”  aid Karkaroff hurriedly, “that He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named operated alway  in the greate t  ecrecy.…He preferred that we - I mean to  ay, hi   upporter  - and I regret now, very deeply, that I ever counted my elf among them -” “Get on with it,”  neered Moody. “- we never knew the name  of every one of our fellow  - He alone knew exactly who we all were -” “Which wa  a wi e move, wa n't it, a  it prevented  omeone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them in,” muttered Moody. “Yet you  ay you have  ome name  for u ?”  aid Mr. Crouch. “I - I do,”  aid Karkaroff breathle ly. “And the e were important  upporter , mark you. People I  aw with my own eye  doing hi  bidding. I give thi  information a  a  ign that I fully and totally renounce him, and am filled with a remor e  o deep I can barely -” “The e name  are?”  aid Mr. Crouch  harply. Karkaroff drew a deep breath. “There wa  Antonin Dolohov,” he  aid. “I - I  aw him torture countle  Muggle  and - and non- upporter  of the Dark Lord.” “And helped him do it,” murmured Moody. “We have already apprehended Dolohov,”  aid Crouch. “He wa  caught  hortly after your elf.” “Indeed?”  aid Karkaroff, hi  eye  widening. “I - I am delighted to hear it!” But he didn't look it. Harry could tell that thi  new  had come a  a real blow to him. One of hi  name  wa  worthle . “Any other ?”  aid Crouch coldly. “Why, ye …there wa  Ro ier,”  aid Karkaroff hurriedly. “Evan Ro ier.” “Ro ier i  dead,”  aid Crouch. “He wa  caught  hortly after you were too. He preferred to fight rather than come quietly and wa  killed in the  truggle.” “Took a bit of me with him, though,” whi pered Moody to Harry'  right. Harry looked around at him once more, and  aw him indicating the large chunk out of hi  no e to Dumbledore. “No - no more than Ro ier de erved!”  aid Karkaroff, a real note of panic in hi  voice now. Harry could  ee that he wa   tarting to worry that none of hi  information would be of any u e to the Mini try. Karkaroff'  eye  darted toward the door in the corner, behind which the dementor  undoubtedly  till  tood, waiting. “Any more?”  aid Crouch. “Ye !”  aid Karkaroff. “There wa  Traver  - he helped murder the McKinnon ! Mulciber - he  pecialized in the Imperiu  Cur e, forced countle  people to do horrific thing ! Rookwood, who wa  a  py, and pa ed He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named u eful information from in ide the Mini try it elf!” Harry could tell that, thi  time, Karkaroff had  truck gold. The watching crowd wa  all murmuring together. “Rookwood?”  aid Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch  itting in front of him, who began  cribbling upon her piece of parchment. “Augu tu  Rookwood of the Department of My terie ?” “The very  ame,”  aid Karkaroff eagerly. “I believe he u ed a network of well-placed wizard , both in ide the Mini try and out, to collect information -” “But Traver  and Mulciber we have,”  aid Mr. Crouch. “Very well, Karkaroff, if that i  all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide -” “Not yet!” cried Karkaroff, looking quite de perate. “Wait, I have more!” Harry could  ee him  weating in the torchlight, hi  white  kin contra ting  trongly with the black of hi  hair and beard. “Snape!” he  houted. “Severu  Snape!” “Snape ha  been cleared by thi  council,”  aid Crouch di dainfully. “He ha  been vouched for by Albu  Dumbledore.” “No!”  houted Karkaroff,  training at the chain  that bound him to the chair. “I a ure you! Severu  Snape i  a Death Eater!” Dumbledore had gotten to hi  feet. “I have given evidence already on thi  matter,” he  aid calmly. “Severu  Snape wa  indeed a Death Eater. However, he rejoined our  ide before Lord Voldemort'  downfall and turned  py for u , at great per onal ri k. He i  now no more a Death Eater than I am.” Harry turned to look at Mad-Eye Moody. He wa  wearing a look of deep  keptici m behind Dumbledore'  back. “Very well, Karkaroff,” Crouch  aid coldly, “you have been of a i tance. I  hall review your ca e. You will return to Azkaban in the meantime.…” Mr. Crouch'  voice faded. Harry looked around; the dungeon wa  di olving a  though it were made of  moke; everything wa  fading; he could  ee only hi  own body - all el e wa   wirling darkne .… And then, the dungeon returned. Harry wa   itting in a different  eat,  till on the highe t bench, but now to the left  ide of Mr. Crouch. The atmo phere  eemed quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. The witche  and wizard  all around the wall  were talking to one another, almo t a  though they were at  ome  ort of  porting event. Harry noticed a witch halfway up the row  of benche  oppo ite. She had  hort blonde hair, wa  wearing magenta robe , and wa   ucking the end of an acid-green quill. It wa , unmi takably, a younger Rita Skeeter. Harry looked around; Dumbledore wa   itting be ide him again, wearing different robe . Mr. Crouch looked more tired and  omehow fiercer, gaunter.…Harry under tood. It wa  a different memory, a different day…a different trial. The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman walked into the room. Thi  wa  not, however, a Ludo Bagman gone to  eed, but a Ludo Bagman who wa  clearly at the height of hi  Quidditch-playing fitne . Hi  no e wa n't broken now; he wa  tall and lean and mu cular. Bagman looked nervou  a  he  at down in the chained chair, but it did not bind him there a  it had bound Karkaroff, and Bagman, perhap  taking heart from thi , glanced around at the watching crowd, waved at a couple of them, and managed a  mall  mile. “Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here in front of the Council of Magical Law to an wer charge  relating to the activitie  of the Death Eater ,”  aid Mr. Crouch. “We have heard the evidence again t you, and are about to reach our verdict. Do you have anything to add to your te timony before we pronounce judgment?” Harry couldn't believe hi  ear . Ludo Bagman, a Death Eater? “Only,”  aid Bagman,  miling awkwardly, “well - I know I've been a bit of an idiot -” One or two wizard  and witche  in the  urrounding  eat   miled indulgently. Mr. Crouch did not appear to  hare their feeling . He wa   taring down at Ludo Bagman with an expre ion of the utmo t  everity and di like. “You never  poke a truer word, boy,”  omeone muttered dryly to Dumbledore behind Harry. He looked around and  aw Moody  itting there again. “If I didn't know he'd alway  been dim, I'd have  aid  ome of tho e Bludger  had permanently affected hi  brain.…” “Ludovic Bagman, you were caught pa ing information to Lord Voldemort'   upporter ,”  aid Mr. Crouch. “For thi , I  ugge t a term of impri onment in Azkaban la ting no le  than -” But there wa  an angry outcry from the  urrounding benche . Several of the witche  and wizard  around the wall   tood up,  haking their head , and even their fi t , at Mr. Crouch. “But I've told you, I had no idea!” Bagman called earne tly over the crowd'  babble, hi  round blue eye  widening. “None at all! Old Rookwood wa  a friend of my dad' …never cro ed my mind he wa  in with You-Know-Who! I thought I wa  collecting information for our  ide! And Rookwood kept talking about getting me a job in the Mini try later on…once my Quidditch day  are over, you know…I mean, I can't keep getting hit by Bludger  for the re t of my life, can I?” There were titter  from the crowd. “It will be put to the vote,”  aid Mr. Crouch coldly. He turned to the right-hand  ide of the dungeon. “The jury will plea e rai e their hand …tho e in favor of impri onment…” Harry looked toward the right-hand  ide of the dungeon. Not one per on rai ed their hand. Many of the witche  and wizard  around the wall  began to clap. One of the witche  on the jury  tood up. “Ye ?” barked Crouch. “We'd ju t like to congratulate Mr. Bagman on hi   plendid performance for England in the Quidditch match again t Turkey la t Saturday,” the witch  aid breathle ly. Mr. Crouch looked furiou . The dungeon wa  ringing with applau e now. Bagman got to hi  feet and bowed, beaming. “De picable,” Mr. Crouch  pat at Dumbledore,  itting down a  Bagman walked out of the dungeon. “Rookwood get him a job indeed.…The day Ludo Bagman join  u  will be a  ad day indeed for the Mini try.…” And the dungeon di olved again. When it had returned, Harry looked around. He and Dumbledore were  till  itting be ide Mr. Crouch, but the atmo phere could not have been more different. There wa  total  ilence, broken only by the dry  ob  of a frail, wi py-looking witch in the  eat next to Mr. Crouch. She wa  clutching a handkerchief to her mouth with trembling hand . Harry looked up at Crouch and  aw that he looked gaunter and grayer than ever before. A nerve wa  twitching in hi  temple. “Bring them in,” he  aid, and hi  voice echoed through the  ilent dungeon. The door in the corner opened yet again. Six dementor  entered thi  time, flanking a group of four people. Harry  aw the people in the crowd turn to look up at Mr. Crouch. A few of them whi pered to one another. The dementor  placed each of the four people in the four chair  with chained arm  that now  tood on the dungeon floor. There wa  a thick et man who  tared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervou -looking man, who e eye  were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick,  hining dark hair and heavily hooded eye , who wa   itting in the chained chair a  though it were a throne; and a boy in hi  late teen , who looked nothing  hort of petrified. He wa   hivering, hi   traw-colored hair all over hi  face, hi  freckled  kin milk-white. The wi py little witch be ide Crouch began to rock backward and forward in her  eat, whimpering into her handkerchief. Crouch  tood up. He looked down upon the four in front of him, and there wa  pure hatred in hi  face. “You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law,” he  aid clearly, “ o that we may pa  judgment on you, for a crime  o heinou  -” “Father,”  aid the boy with the  traw-colored hair. “Father…plea e…” “- that we have rarely heard the like of it within thi  court,”  aid Crouch,  peaking more loudly, drowning out hi   on'  voice. “We have heard the evidence again t you. The four of you  tand accu ed of capturing an Auror - Frank Longbottom - and  ubjecting him to the Cruciatu  Cur e, believing him to have knowledge of the pre ent whereabout  of your exiled ma ter, He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named -” “Father, I didn't!”  hrieked the boy in chain  below. “I didn't, I  wear it. Father, don't  end me back to the dementor  -” “You are further accu ed,” bellowed Mr. Crouch, “of u ing the Cruciatu  Cur e on Frank Longbottom'  wife, when he would not give you information. You planned to re tore He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named to power, and to re ume the live  of violence you pre umably led while he wa   trong. I now a k the jury -” “Mother!”  creamed the boy below, and the wi py little witch be ide Crouch began to  ob, rocking backward and forward. “Mother,  top him. Mother, I didn't do it, it wa n't me!” “I now a k the jury,”  houted Mr. Crouch, “to rai e their hand  if they believe, a  I do, that the e crime  de erve a life  entence in Azkaban!” In uni on, the witche  and wizard  along the right-hand  ide of the dungeon rai ed their hand . The crowd around the wall  began to clap a  it had for Bagman, their face  full of  avage triumph. The boy began to  cream. “No! Mother, no! I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't know! Don't  end me there, don't let him!” The dementor  were gliding back into the room. The boy ' three companion  ro e quietly from their  eat ; the woman with the heavy-lidded eye  looked up at Crouch and called, “The Dark Lord will ri e again, Crouch! Throw u  into Azkaban; we will wait! He will ri e again and will come for u , he will reward u  beyond any of hi  other  upporter ! We alone were faithful! We alone tried to find him!” But the boy wa  trying to fight off the dementor , even though Harry could  ee their cold, draining power  tarting to affect him. The crowd wa  jeering,  ome of them on their feet, a  the woman  wept out of the dungeon, and the boy continued to  truggle. “I'm your  on!” he  creamed up at Crouch. “I'm your  on!” “You are no  on of mine!” bellowed Mr. Crouch, hi  eye  bulging  uddenly. “I have no  on!” The wi py witch be ide him gave a great ga p and  lumped in her  eat. She had fainted. Crouch appeared not to have noticed. “Take them away!” Crouch roared at the dementor ,  pit flying from hi  mouth. “Take them away, and may they rot there!” “Father! Father, I wa n't involved! No! No! Father, plea e!” “I think. Harry, it i  time to return to my office,”  aid a quiet voice in Harry'  ear. Harry  tarted. He looked around. Then he looked on hi  other  ide. There wa  an Albu  Dumbledore  itting on hi  right, watching Crouch'   on being dragged away by the dementor  - and there wa  an Albu  Dumbledore on hi  left, looking right at him. “Come,”  aid the Dumbledore on hi  left, and he put hi  hand under Harry'  elbow. Harry felt him elf ri ing into the air; the dungeon di olved around him; for a moment, all wa  blackne , and then he felt a  though he had done a  low-motion  omer ault,  uddenly landing flat on hi  feet, in what  eemed like the dazzling light of Dumbledore'   unlit office. The  tone ba in wa   himmering in the cabinet in front of him, and Albu  Dumbledore wa   tanding be ide him. “Profe or,” Harry ga ped, “I know I  houldn't've - I didn't mean - the cabinet door wa   ort of open and -” “I quite under tand,”  aid Dumbledore. He lifted the ba in, carried it over to hi  de k, placed it upon the poli hed top, and  at down in the chair behind it. He motioned for Harry to  it down oppo ite him. Harry did  o,  taring at the  tone ba in. The content  had returned to their original,  ilvery-white  tate,  wirling and rippling beneath hi  gaze. “What i  it?” Harry a ked  hakily. “Thi ? It i  called a Pen ieve,”  aid Dumbledore. “I  ometime  find, and I am  ure you know the feeling, that I  imply have too many thought  and memorie  crammed into my mind.” “Er,”  aid Harry, who couldn't truthfully  ay that he had ever felt anything of the  ort. “At the e time ,”  aid Dumbledore, indicating the  tone ba in, “I u e the Pen ieve. One  imply  iphon  the exce  thought  from one'  mind, pour  them into the ba in, and examine  them at one'  lei ure. It become  ea ier to  pot pattern  and link , you under tand, when they are in thi  form.” “You mean…that  tuff'  your thought ?” Harry  aid,  taring at the  wirling white  ub tance in the ba in. “Certainly,”  aid Dumbledore. “Let me  how you.” Dumbledore drew hi  wand out of the in ide of hi  robe  and placed the tip into hi  own  ilvery hair, near hi  temple. When he took the wand away, hair  eemed to be clinging to it - but then Harry  aw that it wa  in fact a gli tening  trand of the  ame  trange  ilvery-white  ub tance that filled the Pen ieve. Dumbledore added thi  fre h thought to the ba in, and Harry, a toni hed,  aw hi  own face  wimming around the  urface of the bowl. Dumbledore placed hi  long hand  on either  ide of the Pen ieve and  wirled it, rather a  a gold pro pector would pan for fragment  of gold.…and Harry  aw hi  own face change  moothly into Snape' , who opened hi  mouth and  poke to the ceiling, hi  voice echoing  lightly. “It'  coming back…Karkaroff'  too… tronger and clearer than ever…” “A connection I could have made without a i tance,” Dumbledore  ighed, “but never mind.” He peered over the top of hi  half-moon  pectacle  at Harry, who wa  gaping at Snape'  face, which wa  continuing to  wirl around the bowl. “I wa  u ing the Pen ieve when Mr. Fudge arrived for our meeting and put it away rather ha tily. Undoubtedly I did not fa ten the cabinet door properly. Naturally, it would have attracted your attention.” “I'm  orry,” Harry mumbled. Dumbledore  hook hi  head. “Curio ity i  not a  in,” he  aid. “But we  hould exerci e caution with our curio ity…ye , indeed…” Frowning  lightly, he prodded the thought  within the ba in with the tip of hi  wand. In tantly, a figure ro e out of it, a plump,  cowling girl of about  ixteen, who began to revolve  lowly, with her feet  till in the ba in. She took no notice what oever of Harry or Profe or Dumbledore. When  he  poke, her voice echoed a  Snape'  had done, a  though it were coming from the depth  of the  tone ba in. “He put a hex on me, Profe or Dumbledore, and I wa  only tea ing him,  ir, I only  aid I'd  een him ki ing Florence behind the greenhou e  la t Thur day.…” “But why. Bertha,”  aid Dumbledore  adly, looking up at the now  ilently revolving girl, “why did you have to follow him in the fir t place?” “Bertha?” Harry whi pered, looking up at her. “I  that - wa  that Bertha Jorkin ?” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore, prodding the thought  in the ba in again; Bertha  ank back into them, and they became  ilvery and opaque once more. “That wa  Bertha a  I remember her at  chool.” The  ilvery light from the Pen ieve illuminated Dumbledore'  face, and it  truck Harry  uddenly how very old he wa  looking. He knew, of cour e, that Dumbledore wa  getting on in year , but  omehow he never really thought of Dumbledore a  an old man. “So, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Before you got lo t in my thought , you wanted to tell me  omething.” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “Profe or - I wa  in Divination ju t now, and - er - I fell a leep.” He he itated here, wondering if a reprimand wa  coming, but Dumbledore merely  aid, “Quite under tandable. Continue.” “Well, I had a dream,”  aid Harry. “A dream about Lord Voldemort. He wa  torturing Wormtail…you know who Wormtail-” “I do know,”  aid Dumbledore promptly. “Plea e continue.” “Voldemort got a letter from an owl. He  aid  omething like, Wormtail'  blunder had been repaired. He  aid  omeone wa  dead. Then he  aid, Wormtail wouldn't be fed to the  nake - there wa  a  nake be ide hi  chair. He  aid - he  aid he'd be feeding me to it, in tead. Then he did the Cruciatu  Cur e on Wormtail - and my  car hurt,” Harry  aid. “It woke me up, it hurt  o badly.” Dumbledore merely looked at him. “Er - that'  all,”  aid Harry. “I  ee,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “I  ee. Now, ha  your  car hurt at any other time thi  year, excepting the time it woke you up over the  ummer?” “No, I - how did you know it woke me up over the  ummer?”  aid Harry, a toni hed. “You are not Siriu '  only corre pondent,”  aid Dumbledore. “I have al o been in contact with him ever  ince he left Hogwart  la t year. It wa  I who  ugge ted the mountain ide cave a  the  afe t place for him to  tay.” Dumbledore got up and began walking up and down behind hi  de k. Every now and then, he placed hi  wand tip to hi  temple, removed another  hining  ilver thought, and added it to the Pen ieve. The thought  in ide began to  wirl  o fa t that Harry couldn't make out anything clearly: It wa  merely a blur of color. “Profe or?” he  aid quietly, after a couple of minute . Dumbledore  topped pacing and looked at Harry. “My apologie ,” he  aid quietly. He  at back down at hi  de k. “D'you - d'you know why my  car'  hurting me?” Dumbledore looked very intently at Harry for a moment, and then  aid, “I have a theory, no more than that.…It i  my belief that your  car hurt  both when Lord Voldemort i  near you, and when he i  feeling a particularly  trong  urge of hatred.” “But…why?” “Becau e you and he are connected by the cur e that failed,”  aid Dumbledore. “That i  no ordinary  car.” “So you think…that dream…did it really happen?” “It i  po ible,”  aid Dumbledore. “I would  ay - probable. Harry - did you  ee Voldemort?” “No,”  aid Harry. “Ju t the back of hi  chair. But - there wouldn't have been anything to  ee, would there? I mean, he ha n't got a body, ha  he? But…but then how could he have held the wand?” Harry  aid  lowly. “How indeed?” muttered Dumbledore. “How indeed…” Neither Dumbledore nor Harry  poke for a while. Dumbledore wa  gazing acro  the room, and, every now and then, placing hi  wand tip to hi  temple and adding another  hining  ilver thought to the  eething ma  within the Pen ieve. “Profe or,” Harry  aid at la t, “do you think he'  getting  tronger?” “Voldemort?”  aid Dumbledore, looking at Harry over the Pen ieve. It wa  the characteri tic, piercing look Dumbledore had given him on other occa ion , and alway  made Harry feel a  though Dumbledore were  eeing right through him in a way that even Moody'  magical eye could not. “Once again. Harry, I can only give you my  u picion .” Dumbledore  ighed again, and he looked older, and wearier, than ever. “The year  of Voldemort'  a cent to power,” he  aid, “were marked with di appearance . Bertha Jorkin  ha  vani hed without a trace in the place where Voldemort wa  certainly known to be la t. Mr. Crouch too ha  di appeared…within the e very ground . And there wa  a third di appearance, one which the Mini try, I regret to  ay, do not con ider of any importance, for it concern  a Muggle. Hi  name wa  Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Voldemort'  father grew up, and he ha  not been  een  ince la t Augu t. You  ee, I read the Muggle new paper , unlike mo t of my Mini try friend .” Dumbledore looked very  eriou ly at Harry. “The e di appearance   eem to me to be linked. The Mini try di agree  - a  you may have heard, while waiting out ide my office.” Harry nodded. Silence fell between them again, Dumbledore extracting thought  every now and then. Harry felt a  though he ought to go, but hi  curio ity held him in hi  chair. “Profe or?” he  aid again. “Ye , Harry?”  aid Dumbledore. “Er…could I a k you about…that court thing I wa  in…in the Pen ieve?” “You could,”  aid Dumbledore heavily. “I attended it many time , but  ome trial  come back to me more clearly than other …particularly now.…” “You know - you know the trial you found me in? The one with Crouch'   on? Well.…were they talking about Neville'  parent ?” Dumbledore gave Harry a very  harp look. “ Ha  Neville never told you why he ha  been brought up by hi  grandmother?” he  aid. Harry  hook hi  head, wondering, a  he did  o, how he could have failed to a k Neville thi , in almo t four year  of knowing him. “Ye , they were talking about Neville'  parent ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Hi  father, Frank, wa  an Auror ju t like Profe or Moody. He and hi  wife were tortured for information about Voldemort'  whereabout  after he lo t hi  power , a  you heard.” “So they're dead?”  aid Harry quietly. “No,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  voice full of a bitterne  Harry had never heard there before. “They are in ane. They are both in St. Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie . I believe Neville vi it  them, with hi  grandmother, during the holiday . They do not recognize him.” Harry  at there, horror- truck. He had never known…never, in four year , bothered to find out… “The Longbottom  were very popular,”  aid Dumbledore. “The attack  on them came after Voldemort'  fall from power, ju t when everyone thought they were  afe. Tho e attack  cau ed a wave of fury  uch a  I have never known. The Mini try wa  under great pre ure to catch tho e who had done it. Unfortunately, the Longbottom ' evidence wa  - given their condition - none too reliable.” “Then Mr. Crouch'   on might not have been involved?”  aid Harry  lowly. Dumbledore  hook hi  head. “A  to that, I have no idea.” Harry  at in  ilence once more, watching the content  of the Pen ieve  wirl. There were two more que tion  he wa  burning to a k…but they concerned the guilt of living people.… “Er,” he  aid, “Mr. Bagman.…” “…ha  never been accu ed of any Dark activity  ince,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “Right,”  aid Harry ha tily,  taring at the content  of the Pen ieve again, which were  wirling more  lowly now that Dumbledore had  topped adding thought . “And…er…” But the Pen ieve  eemed to be a king hi  que tion for him. Snape'  face wa   wimming on the  urface again. Dumbledore glanced down into it, and then up at Harry. “No more ha  Profe or Snape,” he  aid. Harry looked into Dumbledore'  light blue eye , and the thing he really wanted to know  pilled out of hi  mouth before he could  top it. “What made you think he'd really  topped  upporting Voldemort, Profe or?” Dumbledore held Harry'  gaze for a few  econd , and then  aid, “That, Harry, i  a matter between Profe or Snape and my elf.” Harry knew that the interview wa  over; Dumbledore did not look angry, yet there wa  a finality in hi  tone that told Harry it wa  time to go. He  tood up, and  o did Dumbledore. “Harry,” he  aid a  Harry reached the door. “Plea e do not  peak about Neville'  parent  to anybody el e. He ha  the right to let people know, when he i  ready.” “Ye , Profe or,”  aid Harry, turning to go. “And-” Harry looked back. Dumbledore wa   tanding over the Pen ieve, hi  face lit from beneath by it   ilvery  pot  of light, looking older than ever. He  tared at Harry for a moment, and then  aid, “Good luck with the third ta k.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE THE THIRD TASK “ D umbledore reckon  You-Know-Who'  getting  tronger again a  well?” Ron whi pered. Everything Harry had  een in the Pen ieve, nearly everything Dumbledore had told and  hown him afterward, he had now  hared with Ron and Hermione - and, of cour e, with Siriu , to whom Harry had  ent an owl the moment he had left Dumbledore'  office. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  at up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry'  mind wa  reeling, until he under tood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming  o full of thought  that it would have been a relief to  iphon them off. Ron  tared into the common room fire. Harry thought he  aw Ron  hiver  lightly, even though the evening wa  warm. “And he tru t  Snape?” Ron  aid. “He really tru t  Snape, even though he know  he wa  a Death Eater?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. Hermione had not  poken for ten minute . She wa   itting with her forehead in her hand ,  taring at her knee . Harry thought  he too looked a  though  he could have done with a Pen ieve. “Rita Skeeter,”  he muttered finally. “How can you be worrying about her now?”  aid Ron, in utter di belief. “I'm not worrying about her,” Hermione  aid to her knee . “I'm ju t thinking…remember what  he  aid to me in the Three Broom tick ? 'I know thing  about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl. ' Thi  i  what  he meant, i n't it? She reported hi  trial,  he knew he'd pa ed information to the Death Eater . And Winky too, remember…'Ludo Bagman'  a bad wizard.' Mr. Crouch would have been furiou  he got off, he would have talked about it at home.” “Yeah, but Bagman didn't pa  information on purpo e, did he?” Hermione  hrugged. “And Fudge reckon  Madame Maxime attacked Crouch?” Ron  aid, turning back to Harry. “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “but he'  only  aying that becau e Crouch di appeared near the Beauxbaton  carriage.” “We never thought of her, did we?”  aid Ron  lowly. “Mind you,  he'  definitely got giant blood, and  he doe n't want to admit it-” “Of cour e  he doe n't,”  aid Hermione  harply, looking up. “Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about hi  mother. Look at Fudge, jumping to conclu ion  about her, ju t becau e  he'  part giant. Who need  that  ort of prejudice? I'd probably  ay I had big bone  if I knew that'  what I'd get for telling the truth.” Hermione looked at her watch. “We haven't done any practicing!”  he  aid, looking  hocked. “We were going to do the Impediment Cur e! We'll have to really get down to it tomorrow! Come on. Harry, you need to get  ome  leep.” Harry and Ron went  lowly up tair  to their dormitory. A  Harry pulled on hi  pajama , he looked over at Neville'  bed. True to hi  word to Dumbledore, he had not told Ron and Hermione about Neville'  parent . A  Harry took off hi  gla e  and climbed into hi  four-po ter, he imagined how it mu t feel to have parent   till living but unable to recognize you. He often got  ympathy from  tranger  for being an orphan, but a  he li tened to Neville'   nore , he thought that Neville de erved it more than he did. Lying in the darkne , Harry felt a ru h of anger and hate toward the people who had tortured Mr. and Mr . Longbottom.…He remembered the jeer  of the crowd a  Crouch'   on and hi  companion  had been dragged from the court by the dementor .…He under tood how they had felt.…Then he remembered the milk-white face of the  creaming boy and realized with a jolt that he had died a year later.… It wa  Voldemort, Harry thought,  taring up at the canopy of hi  bed in the darkne , it all came back to Voldemort.…He wa  the one who had torn the e familie  apart, who had ruined all the e live .… Ron and Hermione were  uppo ed to be  tudying for their exam , which would fini h on the day of the third ta k, but they were putting mo t of their effort  into helping Harry prepare. “Don't worry about it,” Hermione  aid  hortly when Harry pointed thi  out to them and  aid he didn't mind practicing on hi  own for a while, “at lea t we'll get top mark  in Defen e Again t the Dark Art . We'd never have found out about all the e hexe  in cla .” “Good training for when we're all Auror ,”  aid Ron excitedly, attempting the Impediment Cur e on a wa p that had buzzed into the room and making it  top dead in midair. The mood in the ca tle a  they entered June became excited and ten e again. Everyone wa  looking forward to the third ta k, which would take place a week before the end of term. Harry wa  practicing hexe  at every available moment. He felt more confident about thi  ta k than either of the other . Difficult and dangerou  though it would undoubtedly be, Moody wa  right: Harry had managed to find hi  way pa t mon trou  creature  and enchanted barrier  before now, and thi  time he had  ome notice,  ome chance to prepare him elf for what lay ahead. Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all over the  chool. Profe or McGonagall had given them permi ion to u e the empty Tran figuration cla room at lunchtime . Harry had  oon ma tered the Impediment Cur e, a  pell to  low down and ob truct attacker ; the Reductor Cur e, which would enable him to bla t  olid object  out of hi  way; and the Four-Point Spell, a u eful di covery of Hermione'  that would make hi  wand point due north, therefore enabling him to check whether he wa  going in the right direction within the maze. He wa   till having trouble with the Shield Charm, though. Thi  wa   uppo ed to ca t a temporary, invi ible wall around him elf that deflected minor cur e ; Hermione managed to  hatter it with a well-placed Jelly-Leg  Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten minute  afterward before  he had looked up the counter-jinx. “You're  till doing really well, though,” Hermione  aid encouragingly, looking down her li t and cro ing off tho e  pell  they had already learned. “Some of the e are bound to come in handy.” “Come and look at thi ,”  aid Ron, who wa   tanding by the window. He wa   taring down onto the ground . “What'  Malfoy doing?” Harry and Hermione went to  ee. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were  tanding in the  hadow of a tree below. Crabbe and Goyle  eemed to be keeping a lookout; both were  mirking. Malfoy wa  holding hi  hand up to hi  mouth and  peaking into it. “He look  like he'  u ing a walkie-talkie,”  aid Harry curiou ly. “He can't be,”  aid Hermione, “I've told you, tho e  ort  of thing  don't work around Hogwart . Come on, Harry,”  he added bri kly, turning away from the window and moving back into the middle of the room, “let'  try that Shield Charm again.” Siriu  wa   ending daily owl  now. Like Hermione, he  eemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry through the la t ta k before they concerned them elve  with anything el e. He reminded Harry in every letter that whatever might be going on out ide the wall  of Hogwart  wa  not Harry'  re pon ibility, nor wa  it within hi  power to influence it. If Voldemort i  really getting  tronger again, he wrote, my priority i  to en ure your  afety. He cannot hope to lay hand  on you while you are under Dumbledore'  protection, but all the  ame, take no ri k : Concentrate on getting through that maze  afely, and then we can turn our attention to other matter . Harry'  nerve  mounted a  June the twenty-fourth drew clo er, but they were not a  bad a  tho e he had felt before the fir t and  econd ta k . For one thing, he wa  confident that, thi  time, he had done everything in hi  power to prepare for the ta k. For another, thi  wa  the final hurdle, and however well or badly he did, the tournament would at la t be over, which would be an enormou  relief. Breakfa t wa  a very noi y affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third ta k. The po t owl  appeared, bringing Harry a good-luck card from Siriu . It wa  only a piece of parchment, folded over and bearing a muddy paw print on it  front, but Harry appreciated it all the  ame. A  creech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet a  u ual. She unfolded the paper, glanced at the front page, and  pat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it. “What?”  aid Harry and Ron together,  taring at her. “Nothing,”  aid Hermione quickly, trying to  hove the paper out of  ight, but Ron grabbed it. He  tared at the headline and  aid, “No way. Not today. That old cow.” “What?”  aid Harry. “Rita Skeeter again?” “No,”  aid Ron, and ju t like Hermione, he attempted to pu h the paper out of  ight. “It'  about me, i n't it?”  aid Harry. “No,”  aid Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone. But before Harry could demand to  ee the paper. Draco Malfoy  houted acro  the Great Hall from the Slytherin table. “Hey, Potter! Potter! How'  your head? You feeling all right? Sure you're not going to go ber erk on u ?” Malfoy wa  holding a copy of the Daily Prophet too. Slytherin  up and down the table were  niggering, twi ting in their  eat  to  ee Harry'  reaction. “Let me  ee it,” Harry  aid to Ron. “Give it here.” Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the new paper. Harry turned it over and found him elf  taring at hi  own picture, beneath the banner headline: "HARRY POTTER “DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS” The boy who defeated He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named i  un table and po ibly dangerou , write  Rita Skeeter, Special Corre pondent. Alarming evidence ha  recently come to light about Harry Potter'   trange behavior, which ca t  doubt  upon hi   uitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwart  School. Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclu ively reveal, regularly collap e  at  chool, and i  often heard to complain of pain in the  car on hi  forehead (relic of the cur e with which You-Know-Who attempted to kill him). On Monday la t, midway through a Divination le on, your Daily Prophet reporter witne ed Potter  torming from the cla , claiming that hi   car wa  hurting too badly to continue  tudying. It i  po ible,  ay top expert  at St. Mungo'  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie , that Potter  brain wa  affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You-Know-Who, and that hi  in i tence that the  car i   till hurting i  an expre ion of hi  deep- eated confu ion. “He might even be pretending,”  aid one  peciali t. “Thi  could be a plea for attention.” The Daily Prophet, however, ha  unearthed worrying fact  about Harry Potter that Albu  Dumbledore, Headma ter of Hogwart , ha  carefully concealed from the wizarding public. “Potter can  peak Par eltongue,” reveal  Draco Malfoy, a Hogwart  fourth year. “There were a lot of attack  on  tudent  a couple of year  ago, and mo t people thought Potter wa  behind them after they  aw him lo e hi  temper at a dueling club and  et a  nake on another boy. It wa  all hu hed up, though. But he'  made friend  with werewolve  and giant  too. We think he'd do anything for a bit of power.” Par eltongue, the ability to conver e with  nake , ha  long been con idered a Dark Art. Indeed, the mo t famou  Par elmouth of our time  i  none other than You-Know-Who him elf. A member of the Dark Force Defen e League, who wi hed to remain unnamed,  tated that he would regard any wizard who could  peak Par eltongue “a  worthy of inve tigation. Per onally, I would be highly  u piciou  of anybody who could conver e with  nake , a   erpent  are often u ed in the wor t kind  of Dark Magic, and are hi torically a ociated with evildoer .” Similarly, “anyone who  eek  out the company of  uch viciou  creature  a  werewolve  and giant  would appear to have a fondne  for violence.” Albu  Dumbledore  hould  urely con ider whether a boy  uch a  thi   hould be allowed to compete in the Triwizard Tournament. Some fear that Potter might re ort to the Dark Art  in hi  de peration to win the tournament, the third ta k of which take  place thi  evening. “Gone off me a bit, ha n't  he?”  aid Harry lightly, folding up the paper. Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were laughing at him, tapping their head  with their finger , pulling grote quely mad face , and waggling their tongue  like  nake . “How did  he know your  car hurt in Divination?” Ron  aid. “There'  no way  he wa  there, there'  no way  he could've heard -” “The window wa  open,”  aid Harry. “I opened it to breathe.” “You were at the top of North Tower!” Hermione  aid. “Your voice couldn't have carried all the way down to the ground !” “Well, you're the one who'   uppo ed to be re earching magical method  of bugging!”  aid Harry. “You tell me how  he did it!” “I've been trying!”  aid Hermione. “But I…but…” An odd, dreamy expre ion  uddenly came over Hermione'  face. She  lowly rai ed a hand and ran her finger  through her hair. “Are you all right?”  aid Ron, frowning at her. “Ye ,”  aid Hermione breathle ly. She ran her finger  through her hair again, and then held her hand up to her mouth, a  though  peaking into an invi ible walkie-talkie. Harry and Ron  tared at each other. “I've had an idea,” Hermione  aid, gazing into  pace. “I think I know…becau e then no one would be able to  ee…even Moody…and  he'd have been able to get onto the window ledge…but  he'  not allowed… he'  definitely not allowed…I think we've got her! Ju t give me two  econd  in the library - ju t to make  ure!” With that, Hermione  eized her  chool bag and da hed out of the Great Hall. “Oi!” Ron called after her. “We've got our Hi tory of Magic exam in ten minute ! Blimey,” he  aid, turning back to Harry, “ he mu t really hate that Skeeter woman to ri k mi ing the  tart of an exam. What're you going to do in Binn '  cla  - read again?” Exempt from the end-of-term te t  a  a Triwizard champion, Harry had been  itting in the back of every exam cla   o far, looking up fre h hexe  for the third ta k. “S'po e  o,” Harry  aid to Ron; but ju t then. Profe or McGonagall came walking along ide the Gryffindor table toward him. “Potter, the champion  are congregating in the chamber off the Hall after breakfa t,”  he  aid. “But the ta k'  not till tonight!”  aid Harry, accidentally  pilling  crambled egg  down hi  front, afraid he had mi taken the time. “I'm aware of that, Potter,”  he  aid. “The champion ' familie  are invited to watch the final ta k, you know. Thi  i   imply a chance for you to greet them.” She moved away. Harry gaped after her. “She doe n't expect the Dur ley  to turn up, doe   he?” he a ked Ron blankly. “Dunno,”  aid Ron. “Harry, I'd better hurry, I'm going to be late for Binn . See you later.” Harry fini hed hi  breakfa t in the emptying Great Hall. He  aw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric a  he cro ed to the  ide chamber and entered. Krum  louched off to join them  hortly afterward. Harry  tayed where he wa . He really didn't want to go into the chamber. He had no family - no family who would turn up to  ee him ri k hi  life, anyway. But ju t a  he wa  getting up, thinking that he might a  well go up to the library and do a  pot more hex re earch, the door of the  ide chamber opened, and Cedric  tuck hi  head out. “Harry, come on, they're waiting for you!” Utterly perplexed. Harry got up. The Dur ley  couldn't po ibly be here, could they? He walked acro  the Hall and opened the door into the chamber. Cedric and hi  parent  were ju t in ide the door. Viktor Krum wa  over in a corner, conver ing with hi  dark-haired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. He had inherited hi  father  hooked no e. On the other  ide of the room, Fleur wa  jabbering away in French to her mother. Fleur'  little  i ter, Gabrielle, wa  holding her mother'  hand. She waved at Harry, who waved back, grinning. Then he  aw Mr . Wea ley and Bill  tanding in front of the fireplace, beaming at him. “Surpri e!” Mr . Wea ley  aid excitedly a  he  miled broadly and walked over to them. “Thought we'd come and watch you. Harry!” She bent down and ki ed him on the cheek. “You all right?”  aid Bill, grinning at Harry and  haking hi  hand. “Charlie wanted to come, but he couldn't get time off. He  aid you were incredible again t the Horntail.” Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, wa  eyeing Bill with great intere t over her mother'   houlder. Harry could tell  he had no objection what oever to long hair or earring  with fang  on them. “Thi  i  really nice of you,” Harry muttered to Mr . Wea ley. “I thought for a moment - the Dur ley  -” “Hmm,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, pur ing her lip . She had alway  refrained from criticizing the Dur ley  in front of Harry, but her eye  fla hed every time they were mentioned. “It'  great being back here,”  aid Bill, looking around the chamber (Violet, the Fat Lady'  friend, winked at him from her frame). “Haven't  een thi  place for five year . I  that picture of the mad knight  till around? Sir Cadogan?” “Oh yeah,”  aid Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the previou  year. “And the Fat Lady?”  aid Bill. “She wa  here in my time,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “She gave me  uch a telling off one night when I got back to the dormitory at four in the morning -” “What were you doing out of your dormitory at four in the morning?”  aid Bill,  urveying hi  mother with amazement. Mr . Wea ley grinned, her eye  twinkling. “Your father and I had been for a nighttime  troll,”  he  aid. “He got caught by Apollyon Pringle - he wa  the caretaker in tho e day  - your father'   till got the mark .” “Fancy giving u  a tour, Harry?”  aid Bill. “Yeah, okay,”  aid Harry, and they made their way back toward the door into the Great Hall. A  they pa ed Amo  Diggory, he looked around. “There you are, are you?” he  aid, looking Harry up and down. “Bet you're not feeling quite a  full of your elf now Cedric'  caught you up on point , are you?” “What?”  aid Harry. “Ignore him,”  aid Cedric in a low voice to Harry, frowning after hi  father. “He'  been angry ever  ince Rita Skeeter'  article about the Triwizard Tournament - you know, when  he made out you were the only Hogwart  champion.” “Didn't bother to correct her, though, did he?”  aid Amo  Diggory, loudly enough for Harry to hear a  he  tarted to walk out of the door with Mr . Wea ley and Bill. “Still,…you'll  how him, Ced. Beaten him once before, haven't you?” “Rita Skeeter goe  out of her way to cau e trouble, Amo !” Mr . Wea ley  aid angrily. “I would have thought you'd know that, working at the Mini try!” Mr. Diggory looked a  though he wa  going to  ay  omething angry, but hi  wife laid a hand on hi  arm, and he merely  hrugged and turned away. Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the  unny ground  with Bill and Mr . Wea ley,  howing them the Beauxbaton  carriage and the Durm trang  hip. Mr . Wea ley wa  intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after  he had left  chool, and remini ced at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg. “How'  Percy?” Harry a ked a  they walked around the greenhou e . “Not good,”  aid Bill. “He'  very up et,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, lowering her voice and glancing around. “The Mini try want  to keep Mr. Crouch'  di appearance quiet, but Percy'  been hauled in for que tioning about the in truction  Mr. Crouch ha  been  ending in. They  eem to think there'  a chance they weren't genuinely written by him. Percy'  been under a lot of  train. They're not letting him fill in for Mr. Crouch a  the fifth judge tonight. Corneliu  Fudge i  going to be doing it.” They returned to the ca tle for lunch. “Mum - Bill!”  aid Ron, looking  tunned, a  he joined the Gryffindor table. “What're you doing here?” “Come to watch Harry in the la t ta k!”  aid Mr . Wea ley brightly. “I mu t  ay, it make  a lovely change, not having to cook. How wa  your exam?” “Oh…okay,”  aid Ron. “Couldn't remember all the goblin rebel ' name ,  o I invented a few. It'  all right,” he  aid, helping him elf to a Corni h pa ty, while Mr . Wea ley looked  tern, “they're all called  tuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean; it wa n't hard.” Fred, George, and Ginny came to  it next to them too, and Harry wa  having  uch a good time he felt almo t a  though he were back at the Burrow; he had forgotten to worry about that evening'  ta k, and not until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, did he remember that  he had had a brainwave about Rita Skeeter. “Are you going to tell u  -?” Hermione  hook her head warningly and glanced at Mr . Wea ley. “Hello, Hermione,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, much more  tiffly than u ual. “Hello,”  aid Hermione, her  mile faltering at the cold expre ion on Mr . Wea ley'  face. Harry looked between them, then  aid, “Mr . Wea ley, you didn't believe that rubbi h Rita Skeeter wrote in Witch Weekly, did you? Becau e Hermione'  not my girlfriend.” “Oh!”  aid Mr . Wea ley “No - of cour e I didn't!” But  he became con iderably warmer toward Hermione after that. Harry, Bill, and Mr . Wea ley whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the ca tle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening fea t. Ludo Bagman and Corneliu  Fudge had joined the  taff table now. Bagman looked quite cheerful, but Corneliu  Fudge, who wa   itting next to Madame Maxime, looked  tern and wa  not talking. Madame Maxime wa  concentrating on her plate, and Harry thought her eye  looked red. Hagrid kept glancing along the table at her, There were more cour e  than u ual, but Harry, who wa   tarting to feel really nervou  now, didn't eat much. A  the enchanted ceiling overhead began to fade from blue to a du ky purple, Dumbledore ro e to hi  feet at the  taff table, and  ilence fell. “Ladie  and gentlemen, in five minute ' time, I will be a king you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final ta k of the Triwizard Tournament. Will the champion  plea e follow Mr. Bagman down to the  tadium now.” Harry got up. The Gryffindor  all along the table were applauding him; the Wea ley  and Hermione all wi hed him good luck, and he headed off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor. “Feeling all right. Harry?” Bagman a ked a  they went down the  tone  tep  onto the ground . “Confident?” “I'm okay,”  aid Harry. It wa   ort of true; he wa  nervou , but he kept running over all the hexe  and  pell  he had been practicing in hi  mind a  they walked, and the knowledge that he could remember them all made him feel better. They walked onto the Quidditch field, which wa  now completely unrecognizable. A twenty-foot-high hedge ran all the way around the edge of it. There wa  a gap right in front of them: the entrance to the va t maze. The pa age beyond it looked dark and creepy. Five minute  later, the  tand  had begun to fill; the air wa  full of excited voice  and the rumbling of feet a  the hundred  of  tudent  filed into their  eat . The  ky wa  a deep, clear blue now, and the fir t  tar  were  tarting to appear. Hagrid, Profe or Moody, Profe or McGonagall, and Profe or Flitwick came walking into the  tadium and approached Bagman and the champion . They were wearing large, red, luminou   tar  on their hat , all except Hagrid, who had hi  on the back of hi  mole kin ve t. “We are going to be patrolling the out ide of the maze,”  aid Profe or McGonagall to the champion . “If you get into difficulty, and wi h to be re cued,  end red  park  into the air, and one of u  will come and get you, do you under tand?” The champion  nodded. “Off you go, then!”  aid Bagman brightly to the four patroller . “Good luck. Harry,” Hagrid whi pered, and the four of them walked away in different direction , to  tation them elve  around the maze. Bagman now pointed hi  wand at hi  throat, muttered, “Sonoru ,” and hi  magically magnified voice echoed into the  tand . “Ladie  and gentlemen, the third and final ta k of the Triwizard Tournament i  about to begin! Let me remind you how the point  currently  tand! Tied in fir t place, with eighty-five point  each - Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwart  School!” The cheer  and applau e  ent bird  from the Forbidden Fore t fluttering into the darkening  ky. “In  econd place, with eighty point  - Mr. Viktor Krum, of Durm trang In titute!” More applau e. “And in third place - Mi  Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbaton  Academy!” Harry could ju t make out Mr . Wea ley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur politely, halfway up the  tand . He waved up at them, and they waved back, beaming at him. “So…on my whi tle, Harry and Cedric!”  aid Bagman. “Three - two - one -” He gave a  hort bla t on hi  whi tle, and Harry and Cedric hurried forward into the maze. The towering hedge  ca t black  hadow  acro  the path, and, whether becau e they were  o tall and thick or becau e they had been enchanted, the  ound of the  urrounding crowd wa   ilenced the moment they entered the maze. Harry felt almo t a  though he were underwater again. He pulled out hi  wand, muttered, “Lumo ,” and heard Cedric do the  ame ju t behind him. After about fifty yard , they reached a fork. They looked at each other. “See you,” Harry  aid, and he took the left one, while Cedric took the right. Harry heard Bagman'  whi tle for the  econd time. Krum had entered the maze. Harry  ped up. Hi  cho en path  eemed completely de erted. He turned right, and hurried on, holding hi  wand high over hi  head, trying to  ee a  far ahead a  po ible. Still, there wa  nothing in  ight. Bagman'  whi tle blew in the di tance for the third time. All of the champion  were now in ide. Harry kept looking behind him. The old feeling that he wa  being watched wa  upon him. The maze wa  growing darker with every pa ing minute a  the  ky overhead deepened to navy. He reached a  econd fork. “Point Me,” he whi pered to hi  wand, holding it flat in hi  palm. The wand  pun around once and pointed toward hi  right, into  olid hedge. That way wa  north, and he knew that he needed to go northwe t for the center of the maze. The be t he could do wa  to take the left fork and go right again a   oon a  po ible. The path ahead wa  empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took it, he again found hi  way unblocked. Harry didn't know why, but the lack of ob tacle  wa  unnerving him. Surely he  hould have met  omething by now? It felt a  though the maze were luring him into a fal e  en e of  ecurity. Then he heard movement right behind him. He held out hi  wand, ready to attack, but it  beam fell only upon Cedric, who had ju t hurried out of a path on the right-hand  ide. Cedric looked  everely  haken. The  leeve of hi  robe wa   moking. “Hagrid'  Bla t-Ended Skrewt !” he hi ed. “They're enormou  - I only ju t got away!” He  hook hi  head and dived out of  ight, along another path. Keen to put plenty of di tance between him elf and the  krewt , Harry hurried off again. Then, a  he turned a corner, he  aw…a dementor gliding toward him. Twelve feet tall, it  face hidden by it  hood, it  rotting,  cabbed hand  out tretched, it advanced,  en ing it  way blindly toward him. Harry could hear it  rattling breath; he felt clammy coldne   tealing over him, but knew what he had to do.… He  ummoned the happie t thought he could, concentrated with all hi  might on the thought of getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, rai ed hi  wand, and cried, “Expecto Patronum!” A  ilver  tag erupted from the end of Harry'  wand and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back and tripped over the hem of it  robe .…Harry had never  een a dementor  tumble. “Hang on!” he  houted, advancing in the wake of hi   ilver Patronu , “You're a boggart! Riddikulu !” There wa  a loud crack, and the  hape- hifter exploded in a wi p of  moke. The  ilver  tag faded from  ight. Harry wi hed it could have  tayed, he could have u ed  ome company…but he moved on, quickly and quietly a  po ible, li tening hard, hi  wand held high once more. Left…right…left again…Twice he found him elf facing dead end . He did the Four-Point Spell again and found that he wa  going too far ea t. He turned back, took a right turn, and  aw an odd golden mi t floating ahead of him. Harry approached it cautiou ly, pointing the wand'  beam at it. Thi  looked like  ome kind of enchantment. He wondered whether he might be able to bla t it out of the way. “Reducio!” he  aid. The  pell  hot  traight through the mi t, leaving it intact. He  uppo ed he  hould have known better; the Reductor Cur e wa  for  olid object . What would happen if he walked through the mi t? Wa  it worth chancing it, or  hould he double back? He wa   till he itating when a  cream  hattered the  ilence. “Fleur?” Harry yelled. There wa   ilence. He  tared all around him. What had happened to her? Her  cream  eemed to have come from  omewhere ahead. He took a deep breath and ran through the enchanted mi t. The world turned up ide down. Harry wa  hanging from the ground, with hi  hair on end, hi  gla e  dangling off hi  no e, threatening to fall into the bottomle   ky. He clutched them to the end of hi  no e and hung there, terrified. It felt a  though hi  feet were glued to the gra , which had now become the ceiling. Below him the dark,  tar- pangled heaven   tretched endle ly. He felt a  though if he tried to move one of hi  feet, he would fall away from the earth completely. Think, he told him elf, a  all the blood ru hed to hi  head, think… But not one of the  pell  he had practiced had been de igned to combat a  udden rever al of ground and  ky. Did he dare move hi  foot? He could hear the blood pounding in hi  ear . He had two choice  - try and move, or  end up red  park , and get re cued and di qualified from the ta k. He  hut hi  eye ,  o he wouldn't be able to  ee the view of endle   pace below him, and pulled hi  right foot a  hard a  he could away from the gra y ceiling. Immediately, the world righted it elf. Harry fell forward onto hi  knee  onto the wonderfully  olid ground. He felt temporarily limp with  hock. He took a deep,  teadying breath, then got up again and hurried forward, looking back over hi   houlder a  he ran away from the golden mi t, which twinkled innocently at him in the moonlight. He pau ed at a junction of two path  and looked around for  ome  ign of Fleur. He wa   ure it had been  he who had  creamed. What had  he met? Wa   he all right? There wa  no  ign of red  park  - did that mean  he had got her elf out of trouble, or wa   he in  uch trouble that  he couldn't reach her wand? Harry took the right fork with a feeling of increa ing unea e…but at the  ame time, he couldn't help thinking. One champion down… The cup wa   omewhere clo e by, and it  ounded a  though Fleur wa  no longer in the running. He'd got thi  far, hadn't he? What if he actually managed to win? Fleetingly, and for the fir t time  ince he'd found him elf champion, he  aw again that image of him elf, rai ing the Triwizard Cup in front of the re t of the  chool.… He met nothing for ten minute , but kept running into dead end . Twice he took the  ame wrong turning. Finally, he found a new route and  tarted to jog along it, hi  wandlight waving, making hi   hadow flicker and di tort on the hedge wall . Then he rounded another corner and found him elf facing a Bla t-Ended Skrewt. Cedric wa  right - it wa  enormou . Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant  corpion than anything. It  long  ting wa  curled over it  back. It  thick armor glinted in the light from Harry'  wand, which he pointed at it. “Stupefy!” The  pell hit the  krewt'  armor and rebounded; Harry ducked ju t in time, but could  mell burning hair; it had  inged the top of hi  head. The  krewt i ued a bla t of fire from it  end and flew forward toward him. “Impedimenta!” Harry yelled. The  pell hit the  krewt'  armor again and ricocheted off; Harry  taggered back a few pace  and fell over. “IMPEDIMENTA!” The  krewt wa  inche  from him when it froze - he had managed to hit it on it  fle hy,  hell-le  under ide. Panting, Harry pu hed him elf away from it and ran, hard, in the oppo ite direction - the Impediment Cur e wa  not permanent; the  krewt would be regaining the u e of it  leg  at any moment. He took a left path and hit a dead end, a right, and hit another; forcing him elf to  top, heart hammering, he performed the Four-Point Spell again, backtracked, and cho e a path that would take him northwe t. He had been hurrying along the new path for a few minute , when he heard  omething in the path running parallel to hi  own that made him  top dead. “What are you doing?” yelled Cedric'  voice. “What the hell d'you think you're doing?” And then Harry heard Krum'  voice. “Crucio!” The air wa   uddenly full of Cedric'  yell . Horrified, Harry began  printing up hi  path, trying to find a way into Cedric' . When none appeared, he tried the Reductor Cur e again. It wa n't very effective, but it burned a  mall hole in the hedge through which Harry forced hi  leg, kicking at the thick bramble  and branche  until they broke and made an opening; he  truggled through it, tearing hi  robe , and looking to hi  right,  aw Cedric jerking and twitching on the ground, Krum  tanding over him. Harry pulled him elf up and pointed hi  wand at Krum ju t a  Krum looked up. Krum turned and began to run. “Stupefy!” Harry yelled. The  pell hit Krum in the back; he  topped dead in hi  track , fell forward, and lay motionle , facedown in the gra . Harry-da hed over to Cedric, who had  topped twitching and wa  lying there panting, hi  hand  over hi  face. “Are you all right?” Harry  aid roughly, grabbing Cedric'  arm. “Yeah,” panted Cedric. “Yeah…I don't believe it…he crept up behind me.…I heard him, I turned around, and he had hi  wand on me.…” Cedric got up. He wa   till  haking. He and Harry looked down at Krum. “I can't believe thi …I thought he wa  all right,” Harry  aid,  taring at Krum. “So did I,”  aid Cedric. “Did you hear Fleur  cream earlier?”  aid Harry. “Yeah,”  aid Cedric. “You don't think Krum got her too?” “I don't know,”  aid Harry  lowly. “Should we leave him here?” Cedric muttered. “No,”  aid Harry. “I reckon we  hould  end up red  park . Someone'll come and collect him…otherwi e he'll probably be eaten by a  krewt.” “He'd de erve it,” Cedric muttered, but all the  ame, he rai ed hi  wand and  hot a  hower of red  park  into the air, which hovered high above Krum, marking the  pot where he lay. Harry and Cedric  tood there in the darkne  for a moment, looking around them. Then Cedric  aid, “Well…I  'po e we'd better go on.…” “What?”  aid Harry. “Oh…yeah…right…” It wa  an odd moment. He and Cedric had been briefly united again t Krum - now the fact that they were opponent  came back to Harry. The two of them proceeded up the dark path without  peaking, then Harry turned left, and Cedric right. Cedric'  foot tep   oon died away. Harry moved on, continuing to u e the Four-Point Spell, making  ure he wa  moving in the right direction. It wa  between him and Cedric now. Hi  de ire to reach the cup fir t wa  now burning  tronger than ever, but he could hardly believe what he'd ju t  een Krum do. The u e of an Unforgivable Cur e on a fellow human being meant a life term in Azkaban, that wa  what Moody had told them. Krum  urely couldn't have wanted the Triwizard Cup that badly.…Harry  ped up. Every  o often he hit more dead end , but the increa ing darkne  made him feel  ure he wa  getting near the heart of the maze. Then, a  he  trode down a long,  traight path, he  aw movement once again, and hi  beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary creature, one which he had only  een in picture form, in hi  Mon ter Book of Mon ter . It wa  a  phinx. It had the body of an over-large lion: great clawed paw  and a long yellowi h tail ending in a brown tuft. It  head, however, wa  that of a woman. She turned her long, almond- haped eye  upon Harry a  he approached. He rai ed hi  wand, he itating. She wa  not crouching a  if to  pring, but pacing from  ide to  ide of the path, blocking hi  progre . Then  he  poke, in a deep, hoar e voice. “You are very near your goal. The quicke t way i  pa t me.” “So… o will you move, plea e?”  aid Harry, knowing what the an wer wa  going to be. “No,”  he  aid, continuing to pace. “Not unle  you can an wer my riddle. An wer on your fir t gue  - I let you pa . An wer wrongly - I attack. Remain  ilent - I will let you walk away from me un cathed.” Harry'   tomach  lipped  everal notche . It wa  Hermione who wa  good at thi   ort of thing, not him. He weighed hi  chance . If the riddle wa  too hard, he could keep  ilent, get away from the  phinx unharmed, and try and find an alternative route to the center. “Okay,” he  aid. “Can I hear the riddle?” The  phinx  at down upon her hind leg , in the very middle of the path, and recited: "Fir t think of the per on who live  in di gui e, Who deal  in  ecret  and tell  naught but lie . Next, tell me what'  alway  the la t thing to mend, The middle of middle and end of the end? And finally give me the  ound often heard During the  earch for a hard-to-find word. Now  tring them together, and an wer me thi , Which creature would you be unwilling to ki ?" Harry gaped at her. “Could I have it again…more  lowly?” he a ked tentatively. She blinked at him,  miled, and repeated the poem. “All the clue  add up to a creature I wouldn't want to ki ?” Harry a ked. She merely  miled her my teriou   mile. Harry took that for a “ye .” Harry ca t hi  mind around. There were plenty of animal  he wouldn't want to ki ; hi  immediate thought wa  a Bla t-Ended Skrewt, but  omething told him that wa n't the an wer. He'd have to try and work out the clue .… “A per on in di gui e,” Harry muttered,  taring at her, “who lie …er…that'd be a - an impo tor. No, that'  not my gue ! A - a  py? I'll come back to that…could you give me the next clue again, plea e?” She repeated the next line  of the poem. “'The la t thing to mend,'” Harry repeated. “Er…no idea…'middle of middle'…could I have the la t bit again?” She gave him the la t four line . “'The  ound often heard during the  earch for a hard-to-find word,'”  aid Harry. “Er…that'd be…er…hang on - 'er'! Er'  a  ound!” The  phinx  miled at him. “Spy…er… py…er…”  aid Harry, pacing up and down. “A creature I wouldn't want to ki …a  pider!” The  phinx  miled more broadly. She got up,  tretched her front leg , and then moved a ide for him to pa . “Thank !”  aid Harry, and, amazed at hi  own brilliance, he da hed forward. He had to be clo e now, he had to be.…Hi  wand wa  telling him he wa  bang on cour e; a  long a  he didn't meet anything too horrible, he might have a chance.… Harry broke into a run. He had a choice of path  up ahead. “Point Me!” he whi pered again to hi  wand, and it  pun around and pointed him to the right-hand one. He da hed up thi  one and  aw light ahead. The Triwizard Cup wa  gleaming on a plinth a hundred yard  away. Suddenly a dark figure hurtled out onto the path in front of him. Cedric wa  going to get there fir t. Cedric wa   printing a  fa t a  he could toward the cup, and Harry knew he would never catch up, Cedric wa  much taller, had much longer leg  - Then Harry  aw  omething immen e over a hedge to hi  left, moving quickly along a path that inter ected with hi  own; it wa  moving  o fa t Cedric wa  about to run into it, and Cedric, hi  eye  on the cup, had not  een it - “Cedric!” Harry bellowed. “On your left!” Cedric looked around ju t in time to hurl him elf pa t the thing and avoid colliding with it, but in hi  ha te, he tripped. Harry  aw Cedric'  wand fly out of hi  hand a  a gigantic  pider  tepped into the path and began to bear down upon Cedric. “Stupefy!” Harry yelled; the  pell hit the  pider'  gigantic, hairy black body, but for all the good it did, he might a  well have thrown a  tone at it; the  pider jerked,  cuttled around, and ran at Harry in tead. “Stupefy! Impedimenta! Stupefy!” But it wa  no u e - the  pider wa  either  o large, or  o magical, that the  pell  were doing no more than aggravating it. Harry had one horrifying glimp e of eight  hining black eye  and razor- harp pincer  before it wa  upon him. He wa  lifted into the air in it  front leg ;  truggling madly, he tried to kick it; hi  leg connected with the pincer  and next moment he wa  in excruciating pain. He could hear Cedric yelling “Stupefy!” too, but hi   pell had no more effect than Harry'  - Harry rai ed hi  wand a  the  pider opened it  pincer  once more and  houted “Expelliarmu !” It worked - the Di arming Spell made the  pider drop him, but that meant that Harry fell twelve feet onto hi  already injured leg, which crumpled beneath him. Without pau ing to think, he aimed high at the  pider'  underbelly, a  he had done with the  krewt, and  houted "Stupefy!''ju t a  Cedric yelled the  ame thing. The two  pell  combined did what one alone had not: The  pider keeled over  ideway , flattening a nearby hedge, and  trewing the path with a tangle of hairy leg . “Harry!” he heard Cedric  houting. “You all right? Did it fall on you?” “No,” Harry called back, panting. He looked down at hi  leg. It wa  bleeding freely. He could  ee  ome  ort of thick, gluey  ecretion from the  pider'  pincer  on hi  torn robe . He tried to get up, but hi  leg wa   haking badly and did not want to  upport hi  weight. He leaned again t the hedge, ga ping for breath, and looked around. Cedric wa   tanding feet from the Triwizard Cup, which wa  gleaming behind him. “Take it, then,” Harry panted to Cedric. “Go on, take it. You're there.” But Cedric didn't move. He merely  tood there, looking at Harry. Then he turned to  tare at the cup. Harry  aw the longing expre ion on hi  face in it  golden light. Cedric looked around at Harry again, who wa  now holding onto the hedge to  upport him elf. Cedric took a deep breath. “You take it. You  hould win. That'  twice you've  aved my neck in here.” “That'  not how it'   uppo ed to work,” Harry  aid. He felt angry; hi  leg wa  very painful, he wa  aching all over from trying to throw off the  pider, and after all hi  effort , Cedric had beaten him to it, ju t a  he'd beaten Harry to a k Cho to the ball. “The one who reache  the cup fir t get  the point . That'  you. I'm telling you, I'm not going to win any race  on thi  leg.” Cedric took a few pace  nearer to the Stunned  pider, away from the cup,  haking hi  head. “No,” he  aid. “Stop being noble,”  aid Harry irritably. “Ju t take it, then we can get out of here.” Cedric watched Harry  teadying him elf, holding tight to the hedge. “You told me about the dragon ,” Cedric  aid. “I would've gone down in the fir t ta k if you hadn't told me what wa  coming.” “I had help on that too,” Harry  napped, trying to mop up hi  bloody leg with hi  robe . “You helped me with the egg - we're  quare.” “I had help on the egg in the fir t place,”  aid Cedric. “We're  till  quare,”  aid Harry, te ting hi  leg gingerly; it  hook violently a  he put weight on it; he had  prained hi  ankle when the  pider had dropped him. “You  hould've got more point  on the  econd ta k,”  aid Cedric muli hly. “You  tayed behind to get all the ho tage . I  hould've done that.” “I wa  the only one who wa  thick enough to take that  ong  eriou ly!”  aid Harry bitterly. “Ju t take the cup!” “No,”  aid Cedric. He  tepped over the  pider'  tangled leg  to join Harry, who  tared at him. Cedric wa   eriou . He wa  walking away from the  ort of glory Hufflepuff Hou e hadn't had in centurie . “Go on,” Cedric  aid. He looked a  though thi  wa  co ting him every ounce of re olution he had, but hi  face wa   et, hi  arm  were folded, he  eemed decided. Harry looked from Cedric to the cup. For one  hining moment, he  aw him elf emerging from the maze, holding it. He  aw him elf holding the Triwizard Cup aloft, heard the roar of the crowd,  aw Cho'  face  hining with admiration, more clearly than he had ever  een it before…and then the picture faded, and he found him elf  taring at Cedric'   hadowy,  tubborn face. “Both of u ,” Harry  aid. “What?” “We'll take it at the  ame time. It'   till a Hogwart  victory. We'll tie for it.” Cedric  tared at Harry. He unfolded hi  arm . “You - you  ure?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Yeah…we've helped each other out, haven't we? We both got here. Let'  ju t take it together.” For a moment, Cedric looked a  though he couldn't believe hi  ear ; then hi  face  plit in a grin. “You're on,” he  aid. “Come here.” He grabbed Harry'  arm below the  houlder and helped Harry limp toward the plinth where the cup  tood. When they had reached it, they both held a hand out over one of the cup'  gleaming handle . “On three, right?”  aid Harry. “One - two - three -” He and Cedric both gra ped a handle. In tantly, Harry felt a jerk  omewhere behind hi  navel. Hi  feet had left the ground. He could not unclench the hand holding the Triwizard Cup; it wa  pulling him onward in a howl of wind and  wirling color, Cedric at hi   ide. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO FLESH, BLOOD, AND BONE H arry felt hi  feet  lam into the ground; hi  injured leg gave way, and he fell forward; hi  hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at la t. He rai ed hi  head. “Where are we?” he  aid. Cedric  hook hi  head. He got up, pulled Harry to hi  feet, and they looked around. They had left the Hogwart  ground  completely; they had obviou ly traveled mile  - perhap  hundred  of mile  - for even the mountain   urrounding the ca tle were gone. They were  tanding in tead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a  mall church wa  vi ible beyond a large yew tree to their right. A hill ro e above them to their left. Harry could ju t make out the outline of a fine old hou e on the hill ide. Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry. “Did anyone tell you the cup wa  a Portkey?” he a ked. “Nope,”  aid Harry. He wa  looking around the graveyard. It wa  completely  ilent and  lightly eerie. “I  thi   uppo ed to be part of the ta k?” “I dunno,”  aid Cedric. He  ounded  lightly nervou . “Wand  out, d'you reckon?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, glad that Cedric had made the  ugge tion rather than him. They pulled out their wand . Harry kept looking around him. He had, yet again, the  trange feeling that they were being watched. “Someone'  coming,” he  aid  uddenly. Squinting ten ely through the darkne , they watched the figure drawing nearer, walking  teadily toward them between the grave . Harry couldn't make out a face, but from the way it wa  walking and holding it  arm , he could tell that it wa  carrying  omething. Whoever it wa , he wa   hort, and wearing a hooded cloak pulled up over hi  head to ob cure hi  face. And -  everal pace  nearer, the gap between them clo ing all the time - Harry  aw that the thing in the per on  arm  looked like a baby…or wa  it merely a bundle of robe ? Harry lowered hi  wand  lightly and glanced  ideway  at Cedric. Cedric  hot him a quizzical look. They both turned back to watch the approaching figure. It  topped be ide a towering marble head tone, only  ix feet from them. For a  econd. Harry and Cedric and the  hort figure  imply looked at one another. And then, without warning, Harry'   car exploded with pain. It wa  agony  uch a  he had never felt in all hi  life; hi  wand  lipped from hi  finger  a  he put hi  hand  over hi  face; hi  knee  buckled; he wa  on the ground and he could  ee nothing at all; hi  head wa  about to  plit open. From far away, above hi  head, he heard a high, cold voice  ay, “Kill the  pare.” A  wi hing noi e and a  econd voice, which  creeched the word  to the night: “Avada Kedavra!” A bla t of green light blazed through Harry'  eyelid , and he heard  omething heavy fall to the ground be ide him; the pain in hi   car reached  uch a pitch that he retched, and then it dimini hed; terrified of what he wa  about to  ee, he opened hi   tinging eye . Cedric wa  lying  pread-eagled on the ground be ide him. He wa  dead. For a  econd that contained an eternity, Harry  tared into Cedric'  face, at hi  open gray eye , blank and expre ionle  a  the window  of a de erted hou e, at hi  half-open mouth, which looked  lightly  urpri ed. And then, before Harry'  mind had accepted what he wa   eeing, before he could feel anything but numb di belief, he felt him elf being pulled to hi  feet. The  hort man in the cloak had put down hi  bundle, lit hi  wand, and wa  dragging Harry toward the marble head tone. Harry  aw the name upon it flickering in the wandlight before he wa  forced around and  lammed again t it. TOM RIDDLE The cloaked man wa  now conjuring tight cord  around Harry, tying him from neck to ankle  to the head tone. Harry could hear  hallow, fa t breathing from the depth  of the hood; he  truggled, and the man hit him - hit him with a hand that had a finger mi ing. And Harry realized who wa  under the hood. It wa  Wormtail. “You!” he ga ped. But Wormtail, who had fini hed conjuring the rope , did not reply; he wa  bu y checking the tightne  of the cord , hi  finger  trembling uncontrollably, fumbling over the knot . Once  ure that Harry wa  bound  o tightly to the head tone that he couldn't move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of  ome black material from the in ide of hi  cloak and  tuffed it roughly into Harry'  mouth; then, without a word, he turned from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldn't make a  ound, nor could he  ee where Wormtail had gone; he couldn't turn hi  head to  ee beyond the head tone; he could  ee only what wa  right in front of him. Cedric'  body wa  lying  ome twenty feet away. Some way beyond him, glinting in the  tarlight, lay the Triwizard Cup. Harry'  wand wa  on the ground at Cedric'  feet. The bundle of robe  that Harry had thought wa  a baby wa  clo e by, at the foot of the grave. It  eemed to be  tirring fretfully. Harry watched it, and hi   car  eared with pain again…and he  uddenly knew that he didn't want to  ee what wa  in tho e robe …he didn't want that bundle opened.… He could hear noi e  at hi  feet. He looked down and  aw a gigantic  nake  lithering through the gra , circling the head tone where he wa  tied. Wormtail'  fa t, wheezy breathing wa  growing louder again. It  ounded a  though he wa  forcing  omething heavy acro  the ground. Then he came back within Harry'  range of vi ion, and Harry  aw him pu hing a  tone cauldron to the foot of the grave. It wa  full of what  eemed to be water - Harry could hear it  lopping around - and it wa  larger than any cauldron Harry had ever u ed; a great  tone belly large enough for a full-grown man to  it in. The thing in ide the bundle of robe  on the ground wa   tirring more per i tently, a  though it wa  trying to free it elf. Now Wormtail wa  bu ying him elf at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand. Suddenly there were crackling name  beneath it. The large  nake  lithered away into the darkne . The liquid in the cauldron  eemed to heat very fa t. The  urface began not only to bubble, but to  end out fiery  park , a  though it were on fire. Steam wa  thickening, blurring the outline of Wormtail tending the fire. The movement  beneath the robe  became more agitated. And Harry heard the high, cold voice again. “Hurry!” The whole  urface of the water wa  alight with  park  now. It might have been encru ted with diamond . “It i  ready. Ma ter.” “Now…”  aid the cold voice. Wormtail pulled open the robe  on the ground, revealing what wa  in ide them, and Harry let out a yell that wa   trangled in the wad of material blocking hi  mouth. It wa  a  though Wormtail had flipped over a  tone and revealed  omething ugly,  limy, and blind - but wor e, a hundred time  wor e. The thing Wormtail had been carrying had the  hape of a crouched human child, except that Harry had never  een anything le  like a child. It wa  hairle  and  caly-looking, a dark, raw, reddi h black. It  arm  and leg  were thin and feeble, and it  face - no child alive ever had a face like that - flat and  nakelike, with gleaming red eye . The thing  eemed almo t helple ; it rai ed it  thin arm , put them around Wormtail'  neck, and Wormtail lifted it. A  he did  o, hi  hood fell back, and Harry  aw the look of revul ion on Wormtail'  weak, pale face in the firelight a  he carried the creature to the rim of the cauldron. For one moment, Harry  aw the evil, flat face illuminated in the  park  dancing on the  urface of the potion. And then Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; there wa  a hi , and it vani hed below the  urface; Harry heard it  frail body hit the bottom with a  oft thud. Let it drown, Harry thought, hi   car burning almo t pa t endurance, plea e…let it drown.… Wormtail wa   peaking. Hi  voice  hook; he  eemed frightened beyond hi  wit . He rai ed hi  wand, clo ed hi  eye , and  poke to the night. “Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your  on!” The  urface of the grave at Harry'  feet cracked. Horrified, Harry watched a  a fine trickle of du t ro e into the air at Wormtail'  command and fell  oftly into the cauldron. The diamond  urface of the water broke and hi ed; it  ent  park  in all direction  and turned a vivid, poi onou -looking blue. And now Wormtail wa  whimpering. He pulled a long, thin,  hining  ilver dagger from in ide hi  cloak. Hi  voice broke into petrified  ob . “Fle h - of the  ervant - w-willingly given - you will - revive - your ma ter.” He  tretched hi  right hand out in front of him - the hand with the mi ing finger. He gripped the dagger very tightly in hi  left hand and  wung it upward. Harry realized what Wormtail wa  about to do a  econd before it happened - he clo ed hi  eye  a  tightly a  he could, but he could not block the  cream that pierced the night, that went through Harry a  though he had been  tabbed with the dagger too. He heard  omething fall to the ground, heard Wormtail'  angui hed panting, then a  ickening  pla h, a   omething wa  dropped into the cauldron. Harry couldn't  tand to look…but the potion had turned a burning red; the light of it  hone through Harry'  clo ed eyelid .… Wormtail wa  ga ping and moaning with agony. Not until Harry felt Wormtail'  angui hed breath on hi  face did he realize that Wormtail wa  right in front of him. “B-blood of the enemy…forcibly taken…you will…re urrect your foe.” Harry could do nothing to prevent it, he wa  tied too tightly….Squinting down,  truggling hopele ly at the rope  binding him, he  aw the  hining  ilver dagger  haking in Wormtail'  remaining hand. He felt it  point penetrate the crook of hi  right arm and blood  eeping down the  leeve of hi  torn robe . Wormtail,  till panting with pain, rumbled in hi  pocket for a gla  vial and held it to Harry'  cut,  o that a dribble of blood fell into it. He  taggered back to the cauldron with Harry'  blood. He poured it in ide. The liquid within turned, in tantly, a blinding white. Wormtail, hi  job done, dropped to hi  knee  be ide the cauldron, then  lumped  ideway  and lay on the ground, cradling the bleeding  tump of hi  arm, ga ping and  obbing. The cauldron wa   immering,  ending it  diamond  park  in all direction ,  o blindingly bright that it turned all el e to velvety blackne . Nothing happened.… Let it have drowned. Harry thought, let it have gone wrong… And then,  uddenly, the  park  emanating from the cauldron were extingui hed. A  urge of white  team billowed thickly from the cauldron in tead, obliterating everything in front of Harry,  o that he couldn't  ee Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor hanging in the air.…It'  gone wrong, he thought…it'  drowned …plea e…plea e let it be dead.… But then, through the mi t in front of him, he  aw, with an icy  urge of terror, the dark outline of a man, tall and  keletally thin, ri ing  lowly from in ide the cauldron. “Robe me,”  aid the high, cold voice from behind the  team, and Wormtail,  obbing and moaning,  till cradling hi  mutilated arm,  crambled to pick up the black robe  from the ground, got to hi  feet, reached up, and pulled them one-handed over hi  ma ter'  head. The thin man  tepped out of the cauldron,  taring at Harry…and Harry  tared back into the face that had haunted hi  nightmare  for three year . Whiter than a  kull, with wide, livid  carlet eye  and a no e that wa  flat a  a  nake  with  lit  for no tril … Lord Voldemort had ri en again. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE THE DEATH EATERS V oldemort looked away from Harry and began examining hi  own body. Hi  hand  were like large, pale  pider ; hi  long white finger  care ed hi  own che t, hi  arm , hi  face; the red eye , who e pupil  were  lit , like a cat , gleamed  till more brightly through the darkne . He held up hi  hand  and flexed the finger , hi  expre ion rapt and exultant. He took not the  lighte t notice of Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great  nake, which had  lithered back into  ight and wa  circling Harry again, hi ing. Voldemort  lipped one of tho e unnaturally long-fingered hand  into a deep pocket and drew out a wand. He care ed it gently too; and then he rai ed it, and pointed it at Wormtail, who wa  lifted off the ground and thrown again t the head tone where Harry wa  tied; he fell to the foot of it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Voldemort turned hi   carlet eye  upon Harry, laughing a high, cold, mirthle  laugh. Wormtail'  robe  were  hining with blood now; he had wrapped the  tump of hi  arm in them. “My Lord…” he choked, “my Lord…you promi ed…you did promi e…” “Hold out your arm,”  aid Voldemort lazily. “Oh Ma ter…thank you, Ma ter…” He extended the bleeding  tump, but Voldemort laughed again. “The other arm, Wormtail.” “Ma ter, plea e…plea e…” Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail'  left arm; he forced the  leeve of Wormtail'  robe  up pa t hi  elbow, and Harry  aw  omething upon the  kin there,  omething like a vivid red tattoo - a  kull with a  nake protruding from it  mouth - the image that had appeared in the  ky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark. Voldemort examined it carefully, ignoring Wormtail'  uncontrollable weeping. “It i  back,” he  aid  oftly, “they will all have noticed it…and now, we  hall  ee…now we  hall know…” He pre ed hi  long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail'  arm. The  car on Harry'  forehead  eared with a  harp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fre h howl; Voldemort removed hi  finger  from Wormtail'  mark, and Harry  aw that it had turned jet black. A look of cruel  ati faction on hi  face, Voldemort  traightened up, threw back hi  head, and  tared around at the dark graveyard. “How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?” he whi pered, hi  gleaming red eye  fixed upon the  tar . “And how many will be fooli h enough to  tay away?” He began to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail, eye   weeping the graveyard all the while. After a minute or  o, he looked down at Harry again, a cruel  mile twi ting hi   nakelike face. “You  tand, Harry Potter, upon the remain  of my late father,” he hi ed  oftly. “A Muggle and a fool…very like your dear mother. But they both had their u e , did they not? Your mother died to defend you a  a child…and I killed my father, and  ee how u eful he ha  proved him elf, in death.…” Voldemort laughed again. Up and down he paced, looking all around him a  he walked, and the  nake continued to circle in the gra . "You  ee that hou e upon the hill ide, Potter? My father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in thi  village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when  he told him what  he wa .…He didn't like magic, my father… “He left her and returned to hi  Muggle parent  before I wa  even born. Potter, and  he died giving birth to me, leaving me to be rai ed in a Muggle orphanage…but I vowed to find him…I revenged my elf upon him, that fool who gave me hi  name…Tom Riddle.…” Still he paced, hi  red eye  darting from grave to grave. “Li ten to me, reliving family hi tory…” he  aid quietly, “why, I am growing quite  entimental.…But look, Harry! My true family return .…” The air wa   uddenly full of the  wi hing of cloak . Between grave , behind the yew tree, in every  hadowy  pace, wizard  were Apparating. All of them were hooded and ma ked. And one by one they moved forward… lowly, cautiou ly, a  though they could hardly believe their eye  Voldemort  tood in  ilence, waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eater  fell to hi  knee , crawled toward Voldemort and ki ed the hem of hi  black robe . “Ma ter…Ma ter…” he murmured. The Death Eater  behind him did the  ame; each of them approaching Voldemort on hi  knee  and ki ing hi  robe , before backing away and  tanding up, forming a  ilent circle, which enclo ed Tom Riddle'  grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the  obbing and twitching heap that wa  Wormtail. Yet they left gap  in the circle, a  though waiting for more people. Voldemort, however, did not  eem to expect more. He looked around at the hooded face , and though there wa  no wind ru tling  eemed to run around the circle, a  though it had  hivered. “Welcome, Death Eater ,”  aid Voldemort quietly. “Thirteen year …thirteen year   ince la t we met. Yet you an wer my call a  though it were ye terday, we are  till united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?” He put back hi  terrible face and  niffed, hi   lit-like no tril  widening. “I  mell guilt,” he  aid. "There i  a  tench or guilt upon the air. A  econd  hiver ran around the circle, a  though each member of it longed, but did not dare to  tep back from him. “I  ee you all, whole and healthy, with your power  intact -  uch prompt appearance ! and I a k my elf…why did thi  band of wizard  never come to the aid of their ma ter, to whom they  wore eternal loyalty?” No one  poke. No one moved except Wormtail, who wa  upon the ground,  till  obbing over hi  bleeding arm. “And I an wer my elf,” whi pered Voldemort, "they mu t have believed me broken, they thought I wa  gone. They  lipped back among my enemie , and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment .… "And then I a k my elf, but how could they have believed I would not ri e again? They, who knew the  tep  I took, long ago, to guard my elf again t mortal death? They, who had  een proof  of the immen ity of my power in the time  when I wa  mightier than any wizard living? “And I an wer my elf, perhap  they believed a  till greater power could exi t, one that could vanqui h even Lord Voldemort…perhap  they now pay allegiance to another…perhap  that champion of commoner , of Mudblood  and Muggle , Albu  Dumbledore?” At the mention of Dumbledore'  name, the member  of the circle  tirred, and  ome muttered and  hook their head . Voldemort ignored them. “It i  a di appointment to me…I confe  my elf di appointed.…” One of the men  uddenly flung him elf forward, breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, he collap ed at Voldemort'  feet. “Ma ter!” he  hrieked, “Ma ter, forgive me! Forgive u  all!” Voldemort began to laugh. He rai ed hi  wand. “Crucio!” The Death Eater on the ground writhed and  hrieked; Harry wa   ure the  ound mu t carry to the hou e  around.…Let the police come, he thought de perately…anyone…anything… Voldemort rai ed hi  wand. The tortured Death Eater lay flat upon the ground, ga ping. “Get up, Avery,”  aid Voldemort  oftly. “Stand up. You a k for forgivene ? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long year …I want thirteen year ' repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here ha  paid  ome of hi  debt already, have you not, Wormtail?” He looked down at Wormtail, who continued to  ob. “You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friend . You de erve thi  pain, Wormtail. You know that, don't you?” “Ye , Ma ter,” moaned Wormtail, “plea e. Ma ter…plea e…” “Yet you helped return me to my body,”  aid Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail  ob on the ground. “Worthle  and traitorou  a  you are, you helped me…and Lord Voldemort reward  hi  helper ….” Voldemort rai ed hi  wand again and whirled it through the air. A  treak of what looked like molten  ilver hung  hining in the wand'  wake. Momentarily  hapele , it writhed and then formed it elf into a gleaming replica of a human hand, bright a  moonlight, which  oared downward and fixed it elf upon Wormtail'  bleeding wri t. Wormtail'   obbing  topped abruptly. Hi  breathing har h and ragged, he rai ed hi  head and  tared in di belief at the  ilver hand, now attached  eamle ly to hi  arm, a  though he were wearing a dazzling glove. He flexed the  hining finger , then, trembling, picked up a  mall twig on the ground and cru hed it into powder. “My Lord,” he whi pered. “Ma ter…it i  beautiful…thank you…thank you.…” He  crambled forward on hi  knee  and ki ed the hem of Voldemort'  robe . “May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail,”  aid Voldemort. “No, my Lord…never, my Lord…” Wormtail  tood up and took hi  place in the circle,  taring at hi  powerful new hand, hi  face  till  hining with tear . Voldemort now approached the man on Wormtail'  right. “Luciu , my  lippery friend,” he whi pered, halting before him. “I am told that you have not renounced the old way , though to the world you pre ent a re pectable face. You are  till ready to take the lead in a  pot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me, Luciu .…Your exploit  at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I dare ay…but might not your energie  have been better directed toward finding and aiding your ma ter?” “My Lord, I wa  con tantly on the alert,” came Luciu  Malfoy'  voice  wiftly from beneath the hood. “Had there been any  ign from you, any whi per of your whereabout , I would have been at your  ide immediately, nothing could have prevented me -” “And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater  ent it into the  ky la t  ummer?”  aid Voldemort lazily, and Mr. Malfoy  topped talking abruptly. “Ye , I know all about that, Luciu .…You have di appointed me.…I expect more faithful  ervice in the future.” “Of cour e, my Lord, of cour e.…You are merciful, thank you.…” Voldemort moved on, and  topped,  taring at the  pace - large enough for two people - that  eparated Malfoy and the next man. “The Le trange   hould  tand here,”  aid Voldemort quietly. “But they are entombed in Azkaban. They were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than renounce me.…When Azkaban i  broken open, the Le trange  will be honored beyond their dream . The dementor  will join u …they are our natural allie …we will recall the bani hed giant …I  hall have all my devoted  ervant  returned to me, and an army of creature  whom all fear.…” He walked on. Some of the Death Eater  he pa ed in  ilence, but he pau ed before other  and  poke to them. “Macnair…de troying dangerou  bea t  for the Mini try of Magic now, Wormtail tell  me? You  hall have better victim  than that  oon, Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide.…” “Thank you, Ma ter…thank you,” murmured Macnair. “And here” - Voldemort moved on to the two large t hooded figure  - “we have Crabbe…you will do better thi  time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?” They bowed clum ily, muttering dully. “Ye , Ma ter…” “We will, Ma ter.…” “The  ame goe  for you, Nott,”  aid Voldemort quietly a  he walked pa t a  tooped figure in Mr. Goyle   hadow. “My Lord, I pro trate my elf before you, I am your mo t faithful -” “That will do,”  aid Voldemort. He had reached the large t gap of all, and he  tood  urveying it with hi  blank, red eye , a  though he could  ee people  tanding there. “And here we have  ix mi ing Death Eater …three dead in my  ervice. One, too cowardly to return…he will pay. One, who I believe ha  left me forever…he will be killed, of cour e…and one, who remain  my mo t faithful  ervant, and who ha  already reentered my  ervice.” The Death Eater   tirred, and Harry  aw their eye  dart  ideway  at one another through their ma k . "He i  at Hogwart , that faithful  ervant, and it wa  through hi  effort  that our young friend arrived here tonight.… “Ye ,”  aid Voldemort, a grin curling hi  liple  mouth a  the eye  of the circle fla hed in Harry'  direction. “Harry Potter ha  kindly joined u  for my rebirthing party. One might go  o far a  to call him my gue t of honor.” There wa  a  ilence. Then the Death Eater to the right of Wormtail  tepped forward, and Luciu  Malfoy'  voice  poke from under the ma k. “Ma ter, we crave to know…we beg you to tell u …how you have achieved thi …thi  miracle…how you managed to return to u .…” “Ah, what a  tory it i , Luciu ,”  aid Voldemort. “And it begin  - and end  - with my young friend here.” He walked lazily over to  tand next to Harry,  o that the eye  of the whole circle were upon the two of them. The  nake continued to circle. “You know, of cour e, that they have called thi  boy my downfall?” Voldemort  aid  oftly, hi  red eye  upon Harry, who e  car began to burn  o fiercely that he almo t  creamed in agony. “You all know that on the night I lo t my power  and my body, I tried to kill him. Hi  mother died in the attempt to  ave him - and unwittingly provided him with a protection I admit I had not fore een.…I could not touch the boy.” Voldemort rai ed one of hi  long white finger  and put it very clo e to Harry'  cheek. “Hi  mother left upon him the trace  other  acrifice.…Thi  i  old magic, I  hould have remembered it, I wa  fooli h to overlook it…but no matter. I can touch him now.” Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch him, and thought hi  head would bur t with the pain. Voldemort laughed  oftly in hi  ear, then took the finger away and continued addre ing the Death Eater . "I mi calculated, my friend , I admit it. My cur e wa  deflected by the woman'  fooli h  acrifice, and it rebounded upon my elf. Aaah…pain beyond pain, my friend ; nothing could have prepared me for it. I wa  ripped from my body, I wa  le  than  pirit, le  than the meane t gho t…but  till, I wa  alive. What I wa , even I do not know…I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that lead  to immortality. You know my goal - to conquer death. And now, I wa  te ted, and it appeared that one or more of my experiment  had worked…for I had not been killed, though the cur e  hould have done it. Neverthele , I wa  a  powerle  a  the weake t creature alive, and without the mean  to help my elf…for I had no body, and every  pell that might have helped me required the u e of a wand.… “I remember only forcing my elf,  leeple ly, endle ly,  econd by  econd, to exi t.…I  ettled in a faraway place, in a fore t, and I waited.…Surely, one of my faithful Death Eater  would try and find me…one of them would come and perform the magic I could not, to re tore me to a body…, but I waited in vain.…” The  hiver ran once more around the circle of li tening Death Eater . Voldemort let the  ilence  piral horribly before continuing. "Only one power remained to me. I could po e  the bodie  of other . But I dared not go where other human  were plentiful, for I knew that the Auror  were  till abroad and  earching for me. I  ometime  inhabited animal  -  nake , of cour e, being my preference - but I wa  little better off in ide them than a  pure  pirit, for their bodie  were ill adapted to perform magic…and my po e ion of them  hortened their live ; none of them la ted long.… “Then…four year  ago…the mean  for my return  eemed a ured. A wizard - young, fooli h, and gullible - wandered acro  my path in the fore t I had made my home. Oh, he  eemed the very chance I had been dreaming of…for he wa  a teacher at Dumbledore'   chool…he wa  ea y to bend to my will…he brought me back to thi  country, and after a while, I took po e ion of hi  body, to  upervi e him clo ely a  he carried out my order . But my plan failed. I did not manage to  teal the Sorcerer'  Stone. I wa  not to be a ured immortal life. I wa  thwarted…thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter.…” Silence once more; nothing wa   tirring, not even the leave  on the yew tree. The Death Eater  were quite motionle , the glittering eye  in their ma k  fixed upon Voldemort, and upon Harry. “The  ervant died when I left hi  body, and I wa  left a  weak a  ever I had been,” Voldemort continued. “I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn't then fear that I might never regain my power .…Ye , that wa  perhap  my darke t hour…I could not hope that I would be  ent another wizard to po e …and I had given up hope, now, that any of my Death Eater  cared what had become of me.…” One or two of the ma ked wizard  in the circle moved uncomfortably, but Voldemort took no notice. "And then, not even a year ago, when I had almo t abandoned hope, it happened at la t…a  ervant returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked hi  own death to e cape ju tice, wa  driven out of hiding by tho e he had once counted friend , and decided to return to hi  ma ter. He  ought me in the country where it had long been rumored I wa  hiding…helped, of cour e, by the rat  he met along the way. Wormtail ha  a curiou  affinity with rat , do you not, Wormtail? Hi  filthy little friend  told him there wa  a place, deep in an Albanian fore t, that they avoided, where  mall animal  like them elve  had met their death  by a dark  hadow that po e ed them.… "But hi  journey back to me wa  not  mooth, wa  it, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the very fore t where he had hoped to find me, he fooli hly  topped at an inn for  ome food…and who  hould he meet there, but one Bertha Jorkin , a witch from the Mini try of Magic. "Now  ee the way that fate favor  Lord Voldemort. Thi  might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my la t hope for regeneration. But Wormtail - di playing a pre ence of mind I would never have expected from him - convinced Bertha Jorkin  to accompany him on a nighttime  troll. He overpowered her…he brought her to me. And Bertha Jorkin , who might have ruined all, proved in tead to be a gift beyond my wilde t dream …for - with a little per ua ion -  he became a veritable mine of information. “She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwart  thi  year. She told me that  he knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if I could only contact him. She told me many thing …but the mean  I u ed to break the Memory Charm upon her were powerful, and when I had extracted all u eful information from her, her mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. She had now  erved her purpo e. I could not po e  her. I di po ed of her.” Voldemort  miled hi  terrible  mile, hi  red eye  blank and pitile . “Wormtail'  body, of cour e, wa  ill adapted for po e ion, a  all a umed him dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he wa  the able-bodied  ervant I needed, and, poor wizard though he i , Wormtail wa  able to follow the in truction  I gave him, which would return me to a rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be able to inhabit while awaiting the e ential ingredient  for true rebirth…a  pell or two of my own invention…a little help from my dear Nagini,” Voldemort'  red eye  fell upon the continually circling  nake, "a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and the  nake venom Nagini provided…I wa   oon returned to an almo t human form, and  trong enough to travel. "There wa  no hope of  tealing the Sorcerer'  Stone anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have  een to it that it wa  de troyed. But I wa  willing to embrace mortal life again, before cha ing immortality. I  et my  ight  lower…I would  ettle for my old body back again, and my old  trength. "I knew that to achieve thi  - it i  an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight - I would need three powerful ingredient . Well, one of them wa  already at hand, wa  it not, Wormtail? Fle h given by a  ervant.… "My father'  bone, naturally, meant that we would have to come here, where he wa  buried. But the blood of a foe…Wormtail would have had me u e any wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who had hated me…a   o many of them  till do. But I knew the one I mu t u e, if I wa  to ri e again, more powerful than I had been when I had fallen. I wanted Harry Potter  blood. I wanted the blood of the one who had  tripped me of power thirteen year  ago…for the lingering protection hi  mother once gave him would then re ide in my vein  too.… "But how to get at Harry Potter? For he ha  been better protected than I think even he know , protected in way  devi ed by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to him to arrange the boy'  future. Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to en ure the boy'  protection a  long a  he i  in hi  relation ' care. Not even I can touch him there.…Then, of cour e, there wa  the Quidditch World Cup.…I thought hi  protection might be weaker there, away from hi  relation  and Dumbledore, but I wa  not yet  trong enough to attempt kidnap in the mid t of a horde of Mini try wizard . And then, the boy would return to Hogwart , where he i  under the crooked no e of that Muggle-loving fool from morning until night. So how could I take him? “Why…by u ing Bertha Jorkin '  information, of cour e. U e my one faithful Death Eater,  tationed at Hogwart , to en ure that the boy'  name wa  entered into the Goblet of Fire. U e my Death Eater to en ure that the boy won the tournament - that he touched the Triwizard Cup fir t - the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore'  help and protection, and into my waiting arm . And here he i …the boy you all believed had been my downfall.…” Voldemort moved  lowly forward and turned to face Harry. He rai ed hi  wand. “Crucio!” It wa  pain beyond anything Harry had ever experienced; hi  very bone  were on fire; hi  head wa   urely  plitting along hi   car; hi  eye  were rolling madly in hi  head; he wanted it to end…to black out…to die… And then it wa  gone. He wa  hanging limply in the rope  binding him to the head tone of Voldemort'  father, looking up into tho e bright red eye  through a kind of mi t. The night wa  ringing with the  ound of the Death Eater ' laughter. “You  ee, I think, how fooli h it wa  to  uppo e that thi  boy could ever have been  tronger than me,”  aid Voldemort. “But I want there to be no mi take in anybody'  mind. Harry Potter e caped me by a lucky chance. And I am now going to prove my power by killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when there i  no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to die for him. I will give him hi  chance. He will be allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt which of u  i  the  tronger. Ju t a little longer, Nagini,” he whi pered, and the  nake glided away through the gra  to where the Death Eater   tood watching. “Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back hi  wand.” HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR PRIORI INCANTATEM W ormtail approached Harry, who  crambled to find hi  feet, to  upport hi  own weight before the rope  were untied. Wormtail rai ed hi  new  ilver hand, pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and then, with one  wipe, cut through the bond  tying Harry to the grave tone. There wa  a  plit  econd, perhap , when Harry might have con idered running for it, but hi  injured leg  hook under him a  he  tood on the overgrown grave, a  the Death Eater  clo ed rank , forming a tighter circle around him and Voldemort,  o that the gap  where the mi ing Death Eater   hould have  tood were filled. Wormtail walked out of the circle to the place where Cedric'  body lay and returned with Harry'  wand, which he thru t roughly into Harry'  hand without looking at him. Then Wormtail re umed hi  place in the circle of watching Death Eater . “You have been taught how to duel. Harry Potter?”  aid Voldemort  oftly, hi  red eye  glinting through the darkne . At the e word  Harry remembered, a  though from a former life, the dueling club at Hogwart  he had attended briefly two year  ago.…All he had learned there wa  the Di arming Spell, “Expelliarmu ”…and what u e would it be to deprive Voldemort of hi  wand, even if he could, when he wa   urrounded by Death Eater , outnumbered by at lea t thirty to one? He had never learned anything that could po ibly fit him for thi . He knew he wa  facing the thing again t which Moody had alway  warned…the unblockable Avada Kedavra cur e - and Voldemort wa  right - hi  mother wa  not here to die for him thi  time.…He wa  quite unprotected.… “We bow to each other. Harry,”  aid Voldemort, bending a little, but keeping hi   nakelike face upturned to Harry. “Come, the nicetie  mu t be ob erved.…Dumbledore would like you to  how manner .…Bow to death, Harry.…” The Death Eater  were laughing again. Voldemort'  liple  mouth wa   miling. Harry did not bow. He wa  not going to let Voldemort play with him before killing him…he wa  not going to give him that  ati faction.… “I  aid, bow,” Voldemort  aid, rai ing hi  wand - and Harry felt hi   pine curve a  though a huge, invi ible hand were bending him ruthle ly forward, and the Death Eater  laughed harder than ever. “Very good,”  aid Voldemort  oftly, and a  he rai ed hi  wand the pre ure bearing down upon Harry lifted too. "And now you face me, like a man… traight-backed and proud, the way your father died.… “And now - we duel.” Voldemort rai ed hi  wand, and before Harry could do anything to defend him elf, before he could even move, he had been hit again by the Cruciatu  Cur e. The pain wa   o inten e,  o all-con uming, that he no longer knew where he wa .…White-hot knive  were piercing every inch of hi   kin, hi  head wa   urely going to bur t with pain, he wa   creaming more loudly than he'd ever  creamed in hi  life - And then it  topped. Harry rolled over and  crambled to hi  feet; he wa   haking a  uncontrollably a  Wormtail had done when hi  hand had been cut off; he  taggered  ideway  into the wall of watching Death Eater , and they pu hed him away, back toward Voldemort. “A little break,”  aid Voldemort, the  lit-like no tril  dilating with excitement, “a little pau e…That hurt, didn't it. Harry? You don't want me to do that again, do you?” Harry didn't an wer. He wa  going to die like Cedric, tho e pitile  red eye  were telling him  o…he wa  going to die, and there wa  nothing he could do about it…but he wa n't going to play along. He wa n't going to obey Voldemort…he wa n't going to beg.… “I a ked you whether you want me to do that again,”  aid Voldemort  oftly. “An wer me! Imperio!” And Harry felt, for the third time in hi  life, the  en ation that hi  mind had been wiped of all thought.…Ah, it wa  bli , not to think, it wa  a  though he were floating, dreaming…ju t an wer no… ay no…ju t an wer no.… I will not,  aid a  tronger voice, in the back of hi  head, I won't an wer.… Ju t an wer no.… I won't do it, I won't  ay it.… Ju t an wer no.… “I WON'T!” And the e word  bur t from Harry'  mouth; they echoed through the graveyard, and the dream  tate wa  lifted a   uddenly a  though cold water had been thrown over him - back ru hed the ache  that the Cruciatu  Cur e had left all over hi  body - back ru hed the realization of where he wa , and what he wa  facing.… “You won't?”  aid Voldemort quietly, and the Death Eater  were not laughing now. “You won't  ay no? Harry, obedience i  a virtue I need to teach you before you die.…Perhap  another little do e of pain?” Voldemort rai ed hi  wand, but thi  time Harry wa  ready; with the reflexe  born of hi  Quidditch training, he flung him elf  ideway  onto the ground; he rolled behind the marble head tone of Voldemort'  father, and he heard it crack a  the cur e mi ed him. “We are not playing hide-and- eek, Harry,”  aid Voldemort'   oft, cold voice, drawing nearer, a  the Death Eater  laughed. “You cannot hide from me. Doe  thi  mean you are tired of our duel? Doe  thi  mean that you would prefer me to fini h it now, Harry? Come out, Harry…come out and play, then…it will be quick…it might even be painle …I would not know…I have never died.…” Harry crouched behind the head tone and knew the end had come. There wa  no hope…no help to be had. And a  he heard Voldemort draw nearer  till, he knew one thing only, and it wa  beyond fear or rea on: He wa  not going to die crouching here like a child playing hide-and- eek; he wa  not going to die kneeling at Voldemort'  feet…he wa  going to die upright like hi  father, and he wa  going to die trying to defend him elf, even if no defen e wa  po ible.… Before Voldemort could  tick hi   nakelike face around the head tone. Harry  tood up…he gripped hi  wand tightly in hi  hand, thru t it out in front of him, and threw him elf around the head tone, facing Voldemort. Voldemort wa  ready. A  Harry  houted, “Expelliarmu !” Voldemort cried, “Avada Kedavra!” A jet of green light i ued from Voldemort'  wand ju t a  a jet of red light bla ted from Harry'  - they met in midair - and  uddenly Harry'  wand wa  vibrating a  though an electric charge were  urging through it; hi  hand  eized up around it; he couldn't have relea ed it if he'd wanted to - and a narrow beam of light connected the two wand , neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold. Harry, following the beam with hi  a toni hed gaze,  aw that Voldemort'  long white finger  too were gripping a wand that wa   haking and vibrating. And then - nothing could have prepared Harry for thi  - he felt hi  feet lift from the ground. He and Voldemort were both being rai ed into the air, their wand   till connected by that thread of  himmering golden light. They glided away from the tomb tone of Voldemort'  father and then came to re t on a patch of ground that wa  clear and free of grave .…The Death Eater  were  houting; they were a king Voldemort for in truction ; they were clo ing in, reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the  nake  lithering at their heel ,  ome of them drawing their wand  - The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort  plintered; though the wand  remained connected, a thou and more beam  arced high over Harry and Voldemort, cri cro ing all around them, until they were enclo ed in a golden, dome- haped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eater  circled like jackal , their crie   trangely muffled now.… “Do nothing!” Voldemort  hrieked to the Death Eater , and Harry  aw hi  red eye  wide with a toni hment at what wa  happening,  aw him fighting to break the thread of light  till connecting hi  wand with Harry' ; Harry held onto hi  wand more tightly, with both hand , and the golden thread remained unbroken. “Do nothing unle  I command you!” Voldemort  houted to the Death Eater . And then an unearthly and beautiful  ound filled the air.…It wa  coming from every thread of the light- pun web vibrating around Harry and Voldemort. It wa  a  ound Harry recognized, though he had heard it only once before in hi  life: phoenix  ong. It wa  the  ound of hope to Harry…the mo t beautiful and welcome thing he had ever heard in hi  life.…He felt a  though the  ong were in ide him in tead of ju t around him.…It wa  the  ound he connected with Dumbledore, and it wa  almo t a  though a friend were  peaking in hi  ear.… Don't break the connection. I know. Harry told the mu ic, I know I mu tn't…but no  ooner had he thought it, than the thing became much harder to do. Hi  wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever…and now the beam between him and Voldemort changed too…it wa  a  though large bead  of light were  liding up and down the thread connecting the wand  - Harry felt hi  wand give a  hudder under hi  hand a  the light bead  began to  lide  lowly and  teadily hi  way.…The direction of the beam  movement wa  now toward him, from Voldemort, and he felt hi  wand  hudder angrily.… A  the clo e t bead of light moved nearer to Harry'  wand tip, the wood beneath hi  finger  grew  o hot he feared it would bur t into flame. The clo er that bead moved, the harder Harry'  wand vibrated; he wa   ure hi  wand would not  urvive contact with it; it felt a  though it wa  about to  hatter under hi  finger  - He concentrated every la t particle of hi  mind upon forcing the bead back toward Voldemort, hi  ear  full of phoenix  ong, hi  eye  furiou , fixed…and  lowly, very  lowly, the bead  quivered to a halt, and then, ju t a   lowly, they began to move the other way…and it wa  Voldemort'  wand that wa  vibrating extra-hard now…Voldemort who looked a toni hed, and almo t fearful.… One of the bead  of light wa  quivering, inche  from the tip of Voldemort'  wand. Harry didn't under tand why he wa  doing it, didn't know what it might achieve…but he now concentrated a  he had never done in hi  life on forcing that bead of light right back into Voldemort'  wand…and  lowly…very  lowly…it moved along the golden thread…it trembled for a moment…and then it connected.… At once, Voldemort'  wand began to emit echoing  cream  of pain…then - Voldemort'  red eye  widened with  hock - a den e,  moky hand flew out of the tip of it and vani hed…the gho t of the hand he had made Wormtail…more  hout  of pain…and then  omething much larger began to blo om from Voldemort'  wand tip, a great, grayi h  omething, that looked a  though it were made of the  olide t, den e t  moke.…It wa  a head…now a che t and arm …the tor o of Cedric Diggory. If ever Harry might have relea ed hi  wand from  hock, it would have been then, but in tinct kept him clutching hi  wand tightly,  o that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even though the thick gray gho t of Cedric Diggory (wa  it a gho t? it looked  o  olid) emerged in it  entirety from the end of Voldemort'  wand, a  though it were  queezing it elf out of a very narrow tunnel…and thi   hade of Cedric  tood up, and looked up and down the golden thread of light, and  poke. “Hold on. Harry,” it  aid. It  voice wa  di tant and echoing. Harry looked at Voldemort…hi  wide red eye  were  till  hocked…he had no more expected thi  than Harry had…and, very dimly. Harry heard the frightened yell  of the Death Eater , prowling around the edge  of the golden dome. More  cream  of pain from the wand…and then  omething el e emerged from it  tip…the den e  hadow of a  econd head, quickly followed by arm  and tor o…an old man Harry had  een only in a dream wa  now pu hing him elf out of the end of the wand ju t a  Cedric had done…and hi  gho t, or hi   hadow, or whatever it wa , fell next to Cedric' , and  urveyed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web, and the connected wand , with mild  urpri e, leaning on hi  walking  tick.… “He wa  a real wizard, then?” the old man  aid, hi  eye  on Voldemort. “Killed me, that one did.…You fight him, boy.…” But already, yet another head wa  emerging…and thi  head, gray a  a  moky  tatue, wa  a woman' .…Harry, both arm   haking now a  he fought to keep hi  wand  till,  aw her drop to the ground and  traighten up like the other ,  taring.… The  hadow of Bertha Jorkin   urveyed the battle before her with wide eye . “Don't let go, now!”  he cried, and her voice echoed like Cedric'  a  though from very far away. “Don't let him get you, Harry - don't let go!” She and the other two  hadowy figure  began to pace around the inner wall  of the golden web, while the Death Eater  flitted around the out ide of it…and Voldemort'  dead victim  whi pered a  they circled the dueler , whi pered word  of encouragement to Harry, and hi ed word  Harry couldn't hear to Voldemort. And now another head wa  emerging from the tip of Voldemort'  wand…and Harry knew when he  aw it who it would be…he knew, a  though he had expected it from the moment when Cedric had appeared from the wand…knew, becau e the man appearing wa  the one he'd thought of more than any other tonight.… The  moky  hadow of a tall man with untidy hair fell to the ground a  Bertha had done,  traightened up, and looked at him…and Harry, hi  arm   haking madly now, looked back into the gho tly face of hi  father. “Your mother'  coming…” he  aid quietly. “She want  to  ee you…it will be all right…hold on.…” And  he came…fir t her head, then her body…a young woman with long hair, the  moky,  hadowy form of Lily Potter blo omed from the end of Voldemort'  wand, fell to the ground, and  traightened like her hu band. She walked clo e to Harry, looking down at him, and  he  poke in the  ame di tant, echoing voice a  the other , but quietly,  o that Voldemort, hi  face now livid with fear a  hi  victim  prowled around him, could not hear…. “When the connection i  broken, we will linger for only moment …but we will give you time…you mu t get to the Portkey, it will return you to Hogwart …do you under tand, Harry?” “Ye ,” Harry ga ped, fighting now to keep a hold on hi  wand, which wa   lipping and  liding beneath hi  finger . “Harry…” whi pered the figure of Cedric, “take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parent ,…” “I will,”  aid Harry, hi  face  crewed up with the effort of holding the wand. “Do it now,” whi pered hi  father'  voice, “be ready to run…do it now.…” “NOW!” Harry yelled; he didn't think he could have held on for another moment anyway - he pulled hi  wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the golden thread broke; the cage of light vani hed, the phoenix  ong died - but the  hadowy figure  of Voldemort'  victim  did not di appear - they were clo ing in upon Voldemort,  hielding Harry from hi  gaze - And Harry ran a  he had never run in hi  life, knocking two  tunned Death Eater  a ide a  he pa ed; he zigzagged behind head tone , feeling their cur e  following him, hearing them hit the head tone  - he wa  dodging cur e  and grave , pelting toward Cedric'  body, no longer aware of the pain in hi  leg, hi  whole being concentrated on what he had to do - “Stun him!” he heard Voldemort  cream. Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to avoid the jet  of red light and  aw the tip of it  wing  hatter a  the  pell  hit it. Gripping hi  wand more tightly, he da hed out from behind the angel - “Impedimenta!” he bellowed, pointing hi  wand wildly over hi   houlder at the Death Eater  running at him. From a muffled yell, he thought he had  topped at lea t one of them, but there wa  no time to  top and look; he jumped over the cup and dived a  he heard more wand bla t  behind him; more jet  of light flew over hi  head a  he fell,  tretching out hi  hand to grab Cedric'  arm… “Stand a ide! I will kill him! He i  mine!”  hrieked Voldemort. Harry'  hand had clo ed on Cedric'  wri t; one tomb tone  tood between him and Voldemort, but Cedric wa  too heavy to carry, and the cup wa  out of reach - Voldemort'  red eye  flamed in the darkne . Harry  aw hi  mouth curl into a  mile,  aw him rai e hi  wand. “Accio!” Harry yelled, pointing hi  wand at the Triwizard Cup. It flew into the air and  oared toward him. Harry caught it by the handle - He heard Voldemort'   cream of fury at the  ame moment that he felt the jerk behind hi  navel that meant the Portkey had worked - it wa   peeding him away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along with him.…They were going back. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE VERITASERUM H arry felt him elf  lam flat into the ground; hi  face wa  pre ed into gra ; the  mell of it filled hi  no tril . He had clo ed hi  eye  while the Portkey tran ported him, and he kept them clo ed now. He did not move. All the breath  eemed to have been knocked out of him; hi  head wa   wimming  o badly he felt a  though the ground beneath him were  waying like the deck of a  hip. To hold him elf  teady, he tightened hi  hold on the two thing  he wa   till clutching: the  mooth, cold handle of the Triwizard Cup and Cedric'  body. He felt a  though he would  lide away into the blackne  gathering at the edge  of hi  brain if he let go of either of them. Shock and exhau tion kept him on the ground, breathing in the  mell of the gra , waiting…waiting for  omeone to do  omething… omething to happen…and all the while, hi   car burned dully on hi  forehead.… A torrent of  ound deafened and confu ed him; there were voice  everywhere, foot tep ,  cream .…He remained where he wa , hi  face  crewed up again t the noi e, a  though it were a nightmare that would pa .… Then a pair of hand   eized him roughly and turned him over. “Harry! Harry!” He opened hi  eye . He wa  looking up at the  tarry  ky, and Albu  Dumbledore wa  crouched over him. The dark  hadow  of a crowd of people pre ed in around them, pu hing nearer; Harry felt the ground beneath hi  head reverberating with their foot tep . He had come back to the edge of the maze. He could  ee the  tand  ri ing above him, the  hape  of people moving in them, the  tar  above. Harry let go of the cup, but he clutched Cedric to him even more tightly. He rai ed hi  free hand and  eized Dumbledore'  wri t, while Dumbledore'  face  wam in and out of focu . “He'  back,” Harry whi pered. “He'  back. Voldemort.” “What'  going on? What'  happened?” The face of Corneliu  Fudge appeared up ide down over Harry; it looked white, appalled. “My God - Diggory!” it whi pered. “Dumbledore - he'  dead!” The word  were repeated, the  hadowy figure  pre ing in on them ga ped it to tho e around them…and then other   houted it -  creeched it - into the night - “He'  dead!” “He'  dead!” “Cedric Diggory! Dead!” “Harry, let go of him,” he heard Fudge'  voice  ay, and he felt finger  trying to pry him from Cedric'  limp body, but Harry wouldn't let him go. Then Dumbledore'  face, which wa   till blurred and mi ted, came clo er. “Harry, you can't help him now. It'  over. Let go.” “He wanted me to bring him back,” Harry muttered - it  eemed important to explain thi . “He wanted me to bring him back to hi  parent .…” “That'  right. Harry…ju t let go now.…” Dumbledore bent down, and with extraordinary  trength for a man  o old and thin, rai ed Harry from the ground and  et -him on hi  feet. Harry  wayed. Hi  head wa  pounding. Hi  injured leg would no longer  upport hi  weight. The crowd around them jo tled, fighting to get clo er, pre ing darkly in on him - “What'  happened?” “What'  wrong with him?” “Diggory'  dead!” “He'll need to go to the ho pital wing!” Fudge wa   aying loudly. “He'  ill, he'  injured - Dumbledore, Diggory'  parent , they're here, they're in the  tand .…” “I'll take Harry, Dumbledore, I'll take him -” “No, I would prefer-” “Dumbledore, Amo  Diggory'  running…he'  coming over.…Don't you think you  hould tell him - before he  ee  - ?” “Harry,  tay here -” Girl  were  creaming,  obbing hy terically.…The  cene flickered oddly before Harry'  eye .… “It  all right,  on, I've got you…come on…ho pital wing…” “Dumbledore  aid  tay,”  aid Harry thickly, the pounding in hi   car making him feel a  though he wa  about to throw up; hi  vi ion wa  blurring wor e than ever. “You need to lie down….Come on now.…” Someone larger and  tronger than he wa  wa  half pulling, half carrying him through the frightened crowd. Harry heard people ga ping,  creaming, and  houting a  the man  upporting him pu hed a path through them, taking him back to the ca tle. Acro  the lawn, pa t the lake and the Durm trang  hip, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping him walk. “What happened. Harry?” the man a ked at la t a  he lifted Harry up the  tone  tep . Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. It wa  Mad-Eye Moody. “Cup wa  a Portkey,”  aid Harry a  they cro ed the entrance hall. “Took me and Cedric to a graveyard…and Voldemort wa  there…Lord Voldemort…” Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Up the marble  tair … “The Dark Lord wa  there? What happened then?” “Killed Cedric…they killed Cedric.…” “And then?” Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Along the corridor… “Made a potion…got hi  body back.…” “The Dark Lord got hi  body back? He'  returned?” “And the Death Eater  came…and then we dueled.…” “You dueled with the Dark Lord?” “Got away…my wand…did  omething funny.…I  aw my mum and dad…they came out of hi  wand.…” “In here. Harry…in here, and  it down.…You'll be all right now…drink thi .…” Harry heard a key  crape in a lock and felt a cup being pu hed into hi  hand . “Drink it…you'll feel better…come on, now. Harry, I need to know exactly what happened.…” Moody helped tip the  tuff down Harry'  throat; he coughed, a peppery ta te burning hi  throat. Moody'  office came into  harper focu , and  o did Moody him elf.…He looked a  white a  Fudge had looked, and both eye  were fixed unblinkingly upon Harry'  face. “Voldemort'  back, Harry? You're  ure he'  back? How did he do it?” “He took  tuff from hi  father'  grave, and from Wormtail, and me,”  aid Harry. Hi  head felt clearer; hi   car wa n't hurting  o badly; he could now  ee Moody'  face di tinctly, even though the office wa  dark. He could  till hear  creaming and  houting from the di tant Quidditch field. “What did the Dark Lord take from you?”  aid Moody. “Blood,”  aid Harry, rai ing hi  arm. Hi   leeve wa  ripped where Wormtail'  dagger had torn it. Moody let out hi  breath in a long, low hi . “And the Death Eater ? They returned?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “Load  of them…” “How did he treat them?” Moody a ked quietly. “Did he forgive them?” But Harry had  uddenly remembered. He  hould have told Dumbledore, he  hould have  aid it  traightaway - “There'  a Death Eater at Hogwart ! There'  a Death Eater here - they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made  ure I got through to the end -” Harry tried to get up, but Moody pu hed him back down. “I know who the Death Eater i ,” he  aid quietly. “Karkaroff?”  aid Harry wildly. “Where i  he? Have you got him? I  he locked up?” “Karkaroff?”  aid Moody with an odd laugh. “Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark burn upon hi  arm. He betrayed too many faithful  upporter  of the Dark Lord to wi h to meet them…but I doubt he will get far. The Dark Lord ha  way  of tracking hi  enemie .” “Karkaroff'  gone? He ran away? But then - he didn't put my name in the goblet?” “No,”  aid Moody  lowly. “No, he didn't. It wa  I who did that.” Harry heard, but didn't believe. “No, you didn't,” he  aid. “You didn't do that…you can't have done…” “I a ure you I did,”  aid Moody, and hi  magical eye  wung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry knew he wa  making  ure that there wa  no one out ide it. At the  ame time, Moody drew out hi  wand and pointed it at Harry. “He forgave them, then?” he  aid. “The Death Eater  who went free? The one  who e caped Azkaban?” “What?”  aid Harry. He wa  looking at the wand Moody wa  pointing at him. Thi  wa  a bad joke, it had to be. “I a ked you,”  aid Moody quietly, “whether he forgave the  cum who never even went to look for him. Tho e treacherou  coward  who wouldn't even brave Azkaban for him. The faithle , worthle  bit  of filth who were brave enough to cavort in ma k  at the Quidditch World Cup, but fled at the  ight of the Dark Mark when I fired it into the  ky.” “You fired…What are you talking about…?” “I told you. Harry…I told you. If there'  one thing I hate more than any other, it'  a Death Eater who walked free. They turned their back  on my ma ter when he needed them mo t. I expected him to puni h them. I expected him to torture them. Tell me he hurt them, Harry.…” Moody'  face wa   uddenly lit with an in ane  mile. “Tell me he told them that I, I alone remained faithful…prepared to ri k everything to deliver to him the one thing he wanted above all…you.” “You didn't…it - it can't be you.…” “Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different  chool? I did. Who frightened off every per on I thought might try to hurt you or prevent you from winning the tournament? I did. Who nudged Hagrid into  howing you the dragon ? I did. Who helped you  ee the only way you could beat the dragon? I did.” Moody'  magical eye had now left the door. It wa  fixed upon Harry. Hi  lop ided mouth leered more widely than ever. “It ha n't been ea y, Harry, guiding you through the e ta k  without arou ing  u picion. I have had to u e every ounce of cunning I po e ,  o that my hand would not be detectable in your  ucce . Dumbledore would have been very  u piciou  if you had managed everything too ea ily. A  long a  you got into that maze, preferably with a decent head  tart - then, I knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the other champion  and leaving your way clear. But I al o had to contend with your  tupidity. The  econd ta k…that wa  when I wa  mo t afraid we would fail. I wa  keeping watch on you, Potter. I knew you hadn't worked out the egg'  clue,  o I had to give you another hint -” “You didn't,” Harry  aid hoar ely. “Cedric gave me the clue -” "Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I tru ted that he would pa  the information on to you. Decent people are  o ea y to manipulate, Potter. I wa   ure Cedric would want to repay you for telling him about the dragon , and  o he did. But even then, Potter, even then you  eemed likely to fail. I wa  watching all the time…all tho e hour  in the library. Didn't you realize that the book you needed wa  in your dormitory all along? I planted it there early on, I gave it to the Longbottom boy, don't you remember? Magical Water Plant  of the Mediterranean. It would have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. I expected you to a k everyone and anyone you could for help. Longbottom would have told you in an in tant. But you did not…you did not.…You have a  treak of pride and independence that might have ruined all. “So what could I do? Feed you information from another innocent  ource. You told me at the Yule Ball a hou e-elf called Dobby had given you a Chri tma  pre ent. I called the elf to the  taffroom to collect  ome robe  for cleaning. I  taged a loud conver ation with Profe or McGonagall about the ho tage  who had been taken, and whether Potter would think to u e gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran  traight to Snape'  office and then hurried to find you…” Moody'  wand wa   till pointing directly at Harry'  heart. Over hi   houlder, foggy  hape  were moving in the Foe-Gla  on the wall. "You were  o long in that lake, Potter, I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for it. I breathed again. “You had an ea ier time of it than you  hould have in that maze tonight, of cour e,”  aid Moody. “I wa  patrolling around it, able to  ee through the outer hedge , able to cur e many ob tacle  out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour a   he pa ed. I put the Imperiu  Cur e on Krum,  o that he would fini h Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear.” Harry  tared at Moody. He ju t didn't  ee how thi  could be.…Dumbledore'  friend, the famou  Auror…the one who had caught  o many Death Eater …It made no  en e…no  en e at all.… The foggy  hape  in the Foe-Gla  were  harpening, had become more di tinct. Harry could  ee the outline  of three people over Moody'   houlder, moving clo er and clo er. But Moody wa n't watching them. Hi  magical eye wa  upon Harry. “The Dark Lord didn't manage to kill you. Potter, and he  o wanted to,” whi pered Moody. “Imagine how he will reward me when he find  I have done it for him. I gave you to him - the thing he needed above all to regenerate - and then I killed you for him. I will be honored beyond all other Death Eater . I will be hi  deare t, hi  clo e t  upporter…clo er than a  on.…” Moody'  normal eye wa  bulging, the magical eye fixed upon Harry. The door wa  barred, and Harry knew he would never reach hi  own wand in time.… “The Dark Lord and I,”  aid Moody, and he looked completely in ane now, towering over Harry, leering down at him, “have much in common. Both of u , for in tance, had very di appointing father …very di appointing indeed. Both of u   uffered the indignity, Harry, of being named after tho e father . And both of u  had the plea ure…the very great plea ure…of killing our father  to en ure the continued ri e of the Dark Order!” “You're mad,” Harry  aid - he couldn't  top him elf- “you're mad!” “Mad, am I?”  aid Moody, hi  voice ri ing uncontrollably. “We'll  ee! We'll  ee who'  mad, now that the Dark Lord ha  returned, with me at hi   ide! He i  back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him - and now - I conquer you!” Moody rai ed hi  wand, he opened hi  mouth; Harry plunged hi  own hand into hi  robe  - “Stupefy!” There wa  a blinding fla h of red light, and with a great  plintering and cra hing, the door of Moody'  office wa  bla ted apart - Moody wa  thrown backward onto the office floor. Harry,  till  taring at the place where Moody'  face had been,  aw Albu  Dumbledore, Profe or Snape, and Profe or McGonagall looking back at him out of the Foe-Gla . He looked around and  aw the three of them  tanding in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, hi  wand out tretched. At that moment, Harry fully under tood for the fir t time why people  aid Dumbledore wa  the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore'  face a  he  tared down at the uncon ciou  form of Mad-Eye Moody wa  more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There wa  no benign  mile upon Dumbledore'  face, no twinkle in the eye  behind the  pectacle . There wa  cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a  en e of power radiated from Dumbledore a  though he were giving off burning heat. He  tepped into the office, placed a foot underneath Moody'  uncon ciou  body, and kicked him over onto hi  back,  o that hi  face wa  vi ible. Snape followed him, looking into the Foe-Gla , where hi  own face wa   till vi ible, glaring into the room. Profe or McGonagall went  traight to Harry. “Come along, Potter,”  he whi pered. The thin line of her mouth wa  twitching a  though  he wa  about to cry. “Come along…ho pital wing…” “No,”  aid Dumbledore  harply. “Dumbledore, he ought to - look at him - he'  been through enough tonight -” “He will  tay, Minerva, becau e he need  to under tand,”  aid Dumbledore curtly. “Under tanding i  the fir t  tep to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. He need  to know who ha  put him through the ordeal he ha   uffered tonight, and why,” “Moody,” Harry  aid. He wa   till in a  tate of complete di belief. “How can it have been Moody?” “Thi  i  not Ala tor Moody,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “You have never known Ala tor Moody. The real Moody would not have removed you from my  ight after what happened tonight. The moment he took you, I knew - and I followed.” Dumbledore bent down over Moody'  limp form and put a hand in ide hi  robe . He pulled out Moody'  hip fla k and a  et of key  on a ring. Then he turned to Profe or  McGonagall and Snape. “Severu , plea e fetch me the  tronge t Truth Potion you po e , and then go down to the kitchen  and bring up the hou e-elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrid'  hou e, where you will find a large black dog  itting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog up to my office, tell him I will be with him  hortly, then come back here.” If either Snape or McGonagall found the e in truction  peculiar, they hid their confu ion. Both turned at once and left the office. Dumbledore walked over to the trunk with  even lock , fitted the fir t key in the lock, and opened it. It contained a ma  of  pell-book . Dumbledore clo ed the trunk, placed a  econd key in the  econd lock, and opened the trunk again. The  pellbook  had vani hed; thi  time it contained an a ortment of broken Sneako- cope ,  ome parchment and quill , and what looked like a  ilvery Invi ibility Cloak. Harry watched, a tounded, a  Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and  ixth key  in their re pective lock , reopening the trunk each time, and revealing different content  each time. Then he placed the  eventh key in the lock, threw open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement. He wa  looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the floor  ome ten feet below, apparently fa t a leep, thin and  tarved in appearance, wa  the real Mad-Eye Moody. Hi  wooden leg wa  gone, the  ocket that  hould have held the magical eye looked empty beneath it  lid, and chunk  of hi  grizzled hair were mi ing. Harry  tared, thunder truck, between the  leeping Moody in the trunk and the uncon ciou  Moody lying on the floor of the office. Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered him elf, and fell lightly onto the floor be ide the  leeping Moody. He bent over him. “Stunned - controlled by the Imperiu  Cur e - very weak,” he  aid. “Of cour e, they would have needed to keep him alive. Harry, throw down the impo ter'  cloak - he'  freezing. Madam Pomfrey will need to  ee him, but he  eem  in no immediate danger.” Harry did a  he wa  told; Dumbledore covered Moody in the cloak, tucked it around him, and clambered out of the trunk again. Then he picked up the hip fla k that  tood upon the de k, un crewed it, and turned it over. A thick glutinou  liquid  plattered onto the office floor. “Polyjuice Potion, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “You  ee the  implicity of it, and the brilliance. For Moody never doe  drink except from hi  hip fla k, he'  well known for it. The impo ter needed, of cour e, to keep the real Moody clo e by,  o that he could continue making the potion. You  ee hi  hair…” Dumbledore looked down on the Moody in the trunk. “The impo ter ha  been cutting it off all year,  ee where it i  uneven? But I think, in the excitement of tonight, our fake Moody might have forgotten to take it a  frequently a  he  hould have done…on the hour…every hour.…We  hall  ee.” Dumbledore pulled out the chair at the de k and  at down upon it, hi  eye  fixed upon the uncon ciou  Moody on the floor. Harry  tared at him too. Minute  pa ed in  ilence…. Then, before Harry'  very eye , the face of the man on the floor began to change. The  car  were di appearing, the  kin wa  becoming  mooth; the mangled no e became whole and  tarted to  hrink. The long mane of grizzled gray hair wa  withdrawing into the  calp and turning the color of  traw. Suddenly, with a loud clunk, the wooden leg fell away a  a normal leg regrew in it  place; next moment, the magical eyeball had popped out of the man'  face a  a real eye replaced it; it rolled away acro  the floor and continued to  wivel in every direction. Harry  aw a man lying before him, pale- kinned,  lightly freckled, with a mop of fair hair. He knew who he wa . He had  een him in Dumbledore'  Pen ieve, had watched him being led away from court by the dementor , trying to convince Mr. Crouch that he wa  innocent…but he wa  lined around the eye  now and looked much older.… There were hurried foot tep  out ide in the corridor. Snape had returned with Winky at hi  heel . Profe or McGonagall wa  right behind them. “Crouch!” Snape  aid,  topping dead in the doorway. “Barty Crouch!” “Good heaven ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall,  topping dead and  taring down at the man on the floor. Filthy, di heveled, Winky peered around Snape'  leg . Her mouth opened wide and  he let out a piercing  hriek. “Ma ter Barty, Ma ter Barty, what i  you doing here?” She flung her elf forward onto the young man'  che t. “You i  killed him! You i  killed him! You i  killed Ma ter'   on!” “He i   imply Stunned, Winky,”  aid Dumbledore. “Step a ide, plea e. Severu , you have the potion?” Snape handed Dumbledore a  mall gla  bottle of completely clear liquid: the Verita erum with which he had threatened Harry in cla . Dumbledore got up, bent over the man on the floor, and pulled him into a  itting po ition again t the wall beneath the Foe-Gla , in which the reflection  of Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were  till glaring down upon them all. Winky remained on her knee , trembling, her hand  over her face. Dumbledore forced the man  mouth open and poured three drop  in ide it. Then he pointed hi  wand at the man  che t and  aid, “Ennervate.” Crouch'   on opened hi  eye . Hi  face wa   lack, hi  gaze unfocu ed. Dumbledore knelt before him,  o that their face  were level. “Can you hear me?” Dumbledore a ked quietly. The man'  eyelid  flickered. “Ye ,” he muttered. “I would like you to tell u ,”  aid Dumbledore  oftly, “how you came to be here. How did you e cape from Azkaban?” Crouch took a deep,  huddering breath, then began to  peak in a flat, expre ionle  voice. “My mother  aved me. She knew  he wa  dying. She per uaded my father to re cue me a  a la t favor to her. He loved her a  he had never loved me. He agreed. They came to vi it me. They gave me a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of my mother'  hair . She took a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of my hair . We took on each other'  appearance.” Winky wa   haking her head, trembling. “Say no more. Ma ter Barty,  ay no more, you i  getting your father into trouble!” But Crouch took another deep breath and continued in the  ame flat voice. "The dementor  are blind. They  en ed one healthy, one dying per on entering Azkaban. They  en ed one healthy, one dying per on leaving it. My father  muggled me out, di gui ed a  my mother, in ca e any pri oner  were watching through their door . “My mother died a  hort while afterward in Azkaban. She wa  careful to drink Polyjuice Potion until the end. She wa  buried under my name and bearing my appearance. Everyone believed her to be me.” The man'  eyelid  flickered. “And what did your father do with you, when he had got you home?”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Staged my mother'  death. A quiet, private funeral. That grave i  empty. The hou e-elf nur ed me back to health. Then I had to be concealed. I had to be controlled. My father had to u e a number of  pell  to  ubdue me. When I had recovered my  trength, I thought only of finding my ma ter…of returning to hi   ervice.” “How did your father  ubdue you?”  aid Dumbledore. “The Imperiu  Cur e,” Moody  aid. “I wa  under my father  control. I wa  forced to wear an Invi ibility Cloak day and night. I wa  alway  with the hou e-elf. She wa  my keeper and caretaker. She pitied me. She per uaded my father to give me occa ional treat . Reward  for my good behavior.” “Ma ter Barty, Ma ter Barty,”  obbed Winky through her hand . “You i n't ought to tell them, we i  getting in trouble.…” “Did anybody ever di cover that you were  till alive?”  aid Dumbledore  oftly. “Did anyone know except your father and the hou e-elf?” “Ye ,”  aid Crouch, hi  eyelid  flickering again. “A witch in my father'  office. Bertha Jorkin . She came to the hou e with paper  for my father'   ignature. He wa  not at home. Winky  howed her in ide and returned to the kitchen, to me. But Bertha Jorkin  heard Winky talking to me. She came to inve tigate. She heard enough to gue  who wa  hiding under the Invi ibility Cloak. My father arrived home. She confronted him. He put a very powerful Memory Charm on her to make her forget what  he'd found out. Too powerful. He  aid it damaged her memory permanently.” “Why i   he coming to no e into my ma ter  private bu ine ?”  obbed Winky. “Why i n't  he leaving u  be?” “Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup,”  aid Dumbledore. “Winky talked my father into it,”  aid Crouch,  till in the  ame monotonou  voice. "She  pent month  per uading him. I had not left the hou e for year . I had loved Quidditch. Let him go,  he  aid. He will be in hi  Invi ibility Cloak. He can watch. Let him  mell fre h air for once. She  aid my mother would have wanted it. She told my father that my mother had died to give me freedom. She had not  aved me for a life of impri onment. He agreed in the end. "It wa  carefully planned. My father led me and Winky up to the Top Box early in the day. Winky wa  to  ay that  he wa   aving a  eat for my father. I wa  to  it there, invi ible. When everyone had left the box, we would emerge. Winky would appear to be alone. Nobody would ever know. “But Winky didn't know that I wa  growing  tronger. I wa   tarting to fight my father'  Imperiu  Cur e. There were time  when I wa  almo t my elf again. There were brief period  when I  eemed out ide hi  control. It happened, there, in the Top Box. It wa  like waking from a deep  leep. I found my elf out in public, in the middle of the match, and I  aw, in front of me, a wand  ticking out of a boy  pocket. I had not been allowed a wand  ince before Azkaban. I  tole it. Winky didn't know. Winky i  frightened of height . She had her face hidden.” “Ma ter Barty, you bad boy!” whi pered Winky, tear  trickling between her finger . “So you took the wand,”  aid Dumbledore, “and what did you do with it?” “We went back to the tent,”  aid Crouch. "Then we heard them. We heard the Death Eater . The one  who had never been to Azkaban. The one  who had never  uffered for my ma ter. They had turned their back  on him. They were not en laved, a  I wa . They were free to  eek him, but they did not. They were merely making  port of Muggle . The  ound of their voice  awoke me. My mind wa  clearer than it had been in year . I wa  angry. I had the wand. I wanted to attack them for their di loyalty to my ma ter. My father had left the tent; he had gone to free the Muggle . Winky wa  afraid to  ee me  o angry. She u ed her own brand of magic to bind me to her. She pulled me from the tent, pulled me into the fore t, away from the Death Eater . I tried to hold her back. I wanted to return to the camp ite. I wanted to  how tho e Death Eater  what loyalty to the Dark Lord meant, and to puni h them for their lack of it. I u ed the  tolen wand to ca t the Dark Mark into the  ky. "Mini try wizard  arrived. They  hot Stunning Spell  everywhere. One of the  pell  came through the tree  where Winky and I  tood. The bond connecting u  wa  broken. We were both Stunned. “When Winky wa  di covered, my father knew I mu t be nearby. He  earched the bu he  where  he had been found and felt me lying there. He waited until the other Mini try member  had left the fore t. He put me back under the Imperiu  Cur e and took me home. He di mi ed Winky. She had failed him. She had let me acquire a wand. She had almo t let me e cape.” Winky let out a wail of de pair. “Now it wa  ju t Father and I, alone in the hou e. And then…and then…” Crouch'  head rolled on hi  neck, and an in ane grin  pread acro  hi  face. "My ma ter came for me. “He arrived at our hou e late one night in the arm  of hi   ervant Wormtail. My ma ter had found out that I wa   till alive. He had captured Bertha Jorkin  in Albania. He had tortured her. She told him a great deal. She told him about the Triwizard Tournament. She told him the old Auror, Moody, wa  going to teach at Hogwart . He tortured her until he broke through the Memory Charm my father had placed upon her. She told him I had e caped from Azkaban. She told him my father kept me impri oned to prevent me from  eeking my ma ter. And  o my ma ter knew that I wa   till hi  faithful  ervant - perhap  the mo t faithful of all. My ma ter conceived a plan, ba ed upon the information Bertha had given him. He needed me. He arrived at our hou e near midnight. My father an wered the door.” The  mile  pread wider over Crouch'  face, a  though recalling the  weete t memory of hi  life. Winky'  petrified brown eye  were vi ible through her finger . She  eemed too appalled to  peak. "It wa  very quick. My father wa  placed under the Imperiu  Cur e by my ma ter. Now my father wa  the one impri oned, controlled. My ma ter forced him to go about hi  bu ine  a  u ual, to act a  though nothing wa  wrong. And I wa  relea ed. I awoke. I wa  my elf again, alive a  I hadn't been in year . “And what did Lord Voldemort a k you to do?”  aid Dumbledore. “He a ked me whether I wa  ready to ri k everything for him. I wa  ready. It wa  my dream, my greate t ambition, to  erve him, to prove my elf to him. He told me he needed to place a faithful  ervant at Hogwart . A  ervant who would guide Harry Potter through the Triwizard Tournament without appearing to do  o. A  ervant who would watch over Harry Potter. En ure he reached the Triwizard Cup. Turn the cup into a Portkey, which would take the fir t per on to touch it to my ma ter. But fir t -” “You needed Ala tor Moody,”  aid Dumbledore. Hi  blue eye  were blazing, though hi  voice remained calm. “Wormtail and I did it. We had prepared the Polyjuice Potion beforehand. We journeyed to hi  hou e. Moody put up a  truggle. There wa  a commotion. We managed to  ubdue him ju t in time. Forced him into a compartment of hi  own magical trunk. Took  ome of hi  hair and added it to the potion. I drank it; I became Moody'  double. I took hi  leg and hi  eye. I wa  ready to face Arthur Wea ley when he arrived to  ort out the Muggle  who had heard a di turbance. I made the du tbin  move around the yard. I told Arthur Wea ley I had heard intruder  in my yard, who had  et off the du tbin . Then I packed up Moody'  clothe  and Dark detector , put them in the trunk with Moody, and  et off for Hogwart . I kept him alive, under the Imperiu  Cur e. I wanted to be able to que tion him. To find out about hi  pa t, learn hi  habit ,  o that I could fool even Dumbledore. I al o needed hi  hair to make the Polyjuice Potion. The other ingredient  were ea y. I  tole boom- lang  kin from the dungeon . When the Potion  ma ter found me in hi  office, I  aid I wa  under order  to  earch it.” “And what became of Wormtail after you attacked Moody?”  aid Dumbledore. “Wormtail returned to care for my ma ter, in my father'  hou e, and to keep watch over my father.” “But your father e caped,”  aid Dumbledore. "Ye . After a while he began to fight the Imperiu  Cur e ju t a  I had done. There were period  when he knew what wa  happening. My ma ter decided it wa  no longer  afe for my father to leave the hou e. He forced him to  end letter  to the Mini try in tead. He made him write and  ay he wa  ill. But Wormtail neglected hi  duty. He wa  not watchful enough. My father e caped. My ma ter gue ed that he wa  heading for Hogwart . My father wa  going to tell Dumbledore everything, to confe . He wa  going to admit that he had  muggled me from Azkaban. “My ma ter  ent me word of my father'  e cape. He told me to  top him at all co t . So I waited and watched. I u ed the map I had taken from Harry Potter. The map that had almo t ruined everything.” “Map?”  aid Dumbledore quickly. “What map i  thi ?” "Potter'  map of Hogwart . Potter  aw me on it. Potter  aw me  tealing more ingredient  for the Polyjuice Potion from Snape'  office one night. He thought I wa  my father. We have the  ame fir t name. I took the map from Potter that night. I told him my father hated Dark wizard . Potter believed my father wa  after Snape. “For a week I waited for my father to arrive at Hogwart . At la t, one evening, the map  howed my father entering the ground . I pulled on my Invi ibility Cloak and went down to meet him. He wa  walking around the edge of the fore t. Then Potter came, and Krum. I waited. I could not hurt Potter; my ma ter needed him. Potter ran to get Dumbledore. I Stunned Krum. I killed my father.” “Noooo!” wailed Winky. “Ma ter Barty, Ma ter Barty, what i  you  aying?” “You killed your father,” Dumbledore  aid, in the  ame  oft voice. “What did you do with the body?” "Carried it into the fore t. Covered it with the Invi ibility Cloak. I had the map with me. I watched Potter run into the ca tle. He met Snape. Dumbledore joined them. I watched Potter bringing Dumbledore out of the ca tle. I walked back out of the fore t, doubled around behind them, went to meet them. I told Dumbledore Snape had told me where to come. “Dumbledore told me to go and look for my father. I went back to my father'  body. Watched the map. When everyone wa  gone, I Tran figured my father'  body. He became a bone…I buried it, while wearing the Invi ibility Cloak, in the fre hly dug earth in front of Hagrid'  cabin.” There wa  complete  ilence now, except for Winky'  continued  ob . Then Dumbledore  aid, “And tonight…” “I offered to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze before dinner,” whi pered Barty Crouch. “Turned it into a Portkey. My ma ter'  plan worked. He i  returned to power and I will be honored by him beyond the dream  of wizard .” The in ane  mile lit hi  feature  once more, and hi  head drooped onto hi   houlder a  Winky wailed and  obbed at hi   ide. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX THE PARTING OF THE WAYS D umbledore  tood up. He  tared down at Barty Crouch for a moment with di gu t on hi  face. Then he rai ed hi  wand once more and rope  flew out of it, rope  that twi ted them elve  around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly. He turned to Profe or McGonagall. “Minerva, could I a k you to  tand guard here while I take Harry up tair ?” “Of cour e,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. She looked  lightly nau eou , a  though  he had ju t watched  omeone being  ick. However, when  he drew out her wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, her hand wa  quite  teady. “Severu ” - Dumbledore turned to Snape - “plea e tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here; we need to get Ala tor Moody into the ho pital wing. Then go down into the ground , find Corneliu  Fudge, and bring him up to thi  office. He will undoubtedly want to que tion Crouch him elf. Tell him I will be in the ho pital wing in half an hour'  time if he need  me.” Snape nodded  ilently and  wept out of the room. “Harry?” Dumbledore  aid gently. Harry got up and  wayed again; the pain in hi  leg, which he had not noticed all the time he had been li tening to Crouch, now returned in full mea ure. He al o realized that he wa   haking. Dumbledore gripped hi  arm and helped him out into the dark corridor. “I want you to come up to my office fir t. Harry,” he  aid quiedy a  they headed up the pa ageway. “Siriu  i  waiting for u  there.” Harry nodded. A kind of numbne  and a  en e of complete unreality were upon him, but he did not care; he wa  even glad of it. He didn't want to have to think about anything that had happened  ince he had fir t touched the Triwizard Cup. He didn't want to have to examine the memorie , fre h and  harp a  photograph , which kept fla hing acro  hi  mind. Mad-Eye Moody, in ide the trunk. Wormtail,  lumped on the ground, cradling hi   tump of an arm. Voldemort, ri ing from the  teaming cauldron. Cedric…dead…Cedric, a king to be returned to hi  parent .… “Profe or,” Harry mumbled, “where are Mr. and Mr . Diggory?” “They are with Profe or Sprout,”  aid Dumbledore. Hi  voice, which had been  o calm throughout the interrogation of Barty Crouch,  hook very  lightly for the fir t time. “She wa  Head of Cedric'  hou e, and knew him be t.” They had reached the  tone gargoyle. Dumbledore gave the pa word, it  prang a ide, and he and Harry went up the moving  piral  tairca e to the oak door. Dumbledore pu hed it open. Siriu  wa   tanding there. Hi  face wa  white and gaunt a  it had been when he had e caped Azkaban. In one  wift moment, he had cro ed the room. “Harry, are you all right? I knew it - I knew  omething like thi  - what happened?” Hi  hand   hook a  he helped Harry into a chair in front of the de k. “What happened?” he a ked more urgently. Dumbledore began to tell Siriu  everything Barty Crouch had  aid. Harry wa  only half li tening. So tired every bone in hi  body wa  aching, he wanted nothing more than to  it here, undi turbed, for hour  and hour , until he fell a leep and didn't have to think or feel anymore. There wa  a  oft ru h of wing . Fawke  the phoenix had left hi  perch, flown acro  the office, and landed on Harry'  knee. “'Lo, Fawke ,”  aid Harry quietly. He  troked the phoenix'  beautiful  carlet-and-gold plumage. Fawke  blinked peacefully up at him. There wa   omething comforting about hi  warm weight. Dumbledore  topped talking. He  at down oppo ite Harry, behind hi  de k. He wa  looking at Harry, who avoided hi  eye . Dumbledore wa  going to que tion him. He wa  going to make Harry relive everything. “I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze. Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “We can leave that till morning, can't we, Dumbledore?”  aid Siriu  har hly. He had put a hand on Harry'   houlder. “Let him have a  leep. Let him re t.” Harry felt a ru h of gratitude toward Siriu , but Dumbledore took no notice of Siriu '  word . He leaned forward toward Harry. Very unwillingly, Harry rai ed hi  head and looked into tho e blue eye . “If I thought I could help you,” Dumbledore  aid gently, “by putting you into an enchanted  leep and allowing you to po tpone the moment when you would have to think about what ha  happened tonight, I would do it. But I know better. Numbing the pain for a while will make it wor e when you finally feel it. You have  hown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you. I a k you to demon trate your courage one more time. I a k you to tell u  what happened.” The phoenix let out one  oft, quavering note. It  hivered in the air, and Harry felt a  though a drop of hot liquid had  lipped down hi  throat into hi   tomach, warming him, and  trengthening him. He took a deep breath and began to tell them. A  he  poke, vi ion  of everything that had pa ed that night  eemed to ri e before hi  eye ; he  aw the  parkling  urface of the potion that had revived Voldemort; he  aw the Death Eater  Apparating between the grave  around them; he  aw Cedric'  body, lying on the ground be ide the cup. Once or twice, Siriu  made a noi e a  though about to  ay  omething, hi  hand  till tight on Harry'   houlder, but Dumbledore rai ed hi  hand to  top him, and Harry wa  glad of thi , becau e it wa  ea ier to keep going now he had  tarted. It wa  even a relief; he felt almo t a  though  omething poi onou  were being extracted from him. It wa  co ting him every bit of determination he had to keep talking, yet he  en ed that once he had fini hed, he would feel better. When Harry told of Wormtail piercing hi  arm with the dagger, however, Siriu  let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore  tood up  o quickly that Harry  tarted. Dumbledore walked around the de k and told Harry to  tretch out hi  arm. Harry  howed them both the place where hi  robe  were torn and the cut beneath them. “He  aid my blood would make him  tronger than if he'd u ed  omeone el e' ,” Harry told Dumbledore. “He  aid the protection my - my mother left in me - he'd have it too. And he wa  right - he could touch me without hurting him elf, he touched my face.” For a fleeting in tant, Harry thought he  aw a gleam of  omething like triumph in Dumbledore'  eye . But next  econd. Harry wa   ure he had imagined it, for when Dumbledore had returned to hi   eat behind the de k, he looked a  old and weary a  Harry had ever  een him. “Very well,” he  aid,  itting down again. “Voldemort ha  overcome that particular barrier. Harry, continue, plea e.” Harry went on; he explained how Voldemort had emerged from the cauldron, and told them all he could remember of Voldemort'   peech to the Death Eater . Then he told how Voldemort had untied him, returned hi  wand to him, and prepared to duel. But when he reached the part where the golden beam of light had connected hi  and Voldemort'  wand , he found hi  throat ob tructed. He tried to keep talking, but the memorie  of what had come out of Voldemort'  wand were flooding into hi  mind. He could  ee Cedric emerging,  ee the old man, Bertha Jorkin …hi  father…hi  mother… He wa  glad when Siriu  broke the  ilence. “The wand  connected?” he  aid, looking from Harry to Dumbledore. “Why?” Harry looked up at Dumbledore again, on who e face there wa  an arre ted look. “Priori Incantatem,” he muttered. Hi  eye  gazed into Harry'  and it wa  almo t a  though an invi ible beam of under tanding  hot between them. “The Rever e Spell effect?”  aid Siriu   harply. “Exactly,”  aid Dumbledore. “Harry'  wand and Voldemort'  wand  hare core . Each of them contain  a feather from the tail of the  ame phoenix. Thi  phoenix, in fact,” he added, and he pointed at the  carlet-and-gold bird, perching peacefully on Harry'  knee. “My wand'  feather came from Fawke ?” Harry  aid, amazed. “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought the  econd wand, the moment you left hi   hop four year  ago.” “So what happen  when a wand meet  it  brother?”  aid Siriu . “They will not work properly again t each other,”  aid Dumbledore. “If, however, the owner  of the wand  force the wand  to do battle…a very rare effect will take place. One of the wand  will force the other to regurgitate  pell  it ha  performed - in rever e. The mo t recent fir t…and then tho e which preceded it.…” He looked interrogatively at Harry, and Harry nodded. “Which mean ,”  aid Dumbledore  lowly, hi  eye  upon Harry'  face, “that  ome form of Cedric mu t have reappeared.” Harry nodded again. “Diggory came back to life?”  aid Siriu   harply. “No  pell can reawaken the dead,”  aid Dumbledore heavily. “All that would have happened i  a kind of rever e echo. A  hadow of the living Cedric would have emerged from the wand…am I correct, Harry?” “He  poke to me,” Harry  aid. He wa   uddenly  haking again. “The…the gho t Cedric, or whatever he wa ,  poke.” “An echo,”  aid Dumbledore, “which retained Cedric'  appearance and character. I am gue ing other  uch form  appeared…le  recent victim  of Voldemort'  wand.…” “An old man,” Harry  aid, hi  throat  till con tricted. “Bertha Jorkin . And…” “Your parent ?”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Ye ,”  aid Harry. Siriu '  grip on Harry'   houlder wa  now  o tight it wa  painful. “The la t murder  the wand performed,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding. “In rever e order. More would have appeared, of cour e, had you maintained the connection. Very well, Harry, the e echoe , the e  hadow …what did they do?” Harry de cribed how the figure  that had emerged from the wand had prowled the edge  of the golden web, how Voldemort had  eemed to fear them, how the  hadow of Harry'  mother had told him what to do, how Cedric'  had made it  final reque t. At thi  point. Harry found he could not continue. He looked around at Siriu  and  aw that he had hi  face in hi  hand . Harry  uddenly became aware that Fawke  had left hi  knee. The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. It wa  re ting it  beautiful head again t Harry'  injured leg, and thick, pearly tear  were falling from it  eye  onto the wound left by the  pider. The pain vani hed. The  kin mended. Hi  leg wa  repaired. “I will  ay it again,”  aid Dumbledore a  the phoenix ro e into the air and re ettled it elf upon the perch be ide the door. “You have  hown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight. Harry. You have  hown bravery equal to tho e who died fighting Voldemort at the height of hi  power . You have  houldered a grown wizard'  burden and found your elf equal to it - and you have now given u  all we have a right to expect. You will come with me to the ho pital wing. I do not want you returning to the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and  ome peace…Siriu , would you like to  tay with him?” Siriu  nodded and  tood up. He tran formed back into the great black dog and walked with Harry and Dumbledore out of the office, accompanying them down a flight of  tair  to the ho pital wing. When Dumbledore pu hed open the door. Harry  aw Mr . Wea ley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped around a hara ed-looking Madam Pomfrey. They appeared to be demanding to know where Harry wa  and what had happened to him. All of them whipped around a  Harry, Dumbledore, and the black dog entered, and Mr . Wea ley let out a kind of muffled  cream. “Harry! Oh Harry!” She  tarted to hurry toward him, but Dumbledore moved between them. “Molly,” he  aid, holding up a hand, “plea e li ten to me for a moment. Harry ha  been through a terrible ordeal tonight. He ha  ju t had to relive it for me. What he need  now i   leep, and peace, and quiet. If he would like you all to  tay with him,” he added, looking around at Ron, Hermione, and Bill too, “you may do  o. But I do not want you que tioning him until he i  ready to an wer, and certainly not thi  evening.” Mr . Wea ley nodded. She wa  very white. She rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill a  though they were being noi y, and hi ed, “Did you hear? He need  quiet!” “Headma ter,”  aid Madam Pomfrey,  taring at the great black dog that wa  Siriu , “may I a k what - ?” “Thi  dog will be remaining with Harry for a while,”  aid Dumbledore  imply. “I a ure you, he i  extremely well trained. Harry - I will wait while you get into bed.” Harry felt an inexpre ible  en e of gratitude to Dumbledore for a king the other  not to que tion him. It wa n't a  though he didn't want them there; but the thought of explaining it all over again, the idea of reliving it one more time, wa  more than he could  tand. “I will be back to  ee you a   oon a  I have met with Fudge, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have  poken to the  chool.” He left. A  Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, he caught  ight of the real Moody lying motionle  in a bed at the far end of the room. Hi  wooden leg and magical eye were lying on the bed ide table. “I  he okay?” Harry a ked. “He'll be fine,”  aid Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry  ome pajama  and pulling  creen  around him. He took off hi  robe , pulled on the pajama , and got into bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mr . Wea ley, and the black dog came around the  creen and  ettled them elve  in chair  on either  ide of him. Ron and Hermione were looking at him almo t cautiou ly, a  though  cared of him. “I'm all right,” he told them. “Ju t tired.” Mr . Wea ley'  eye  filled with tear  a   he  moothed hi  bed-cover  unnece arily. Madam Pomfrey, who had bu tled off to her office, returned holding a  mall bottle of  ome purple potion and a goblet. “You'll need to drink all of thi . Harry,”  he  aid. “It'  a potion for dreamle   leep.” Harry took the goblet and drank a few mouthful . He felt him elf becoming drow y at once. Everything around him became hazy; the lamp  around the ho pital wing  eemed to be winking at him in a friendly way through the  creen around hi  bed; hi  body felt a  though it wa   inking deeper into the warmth of the feather matre . Before he could fini h the potion, before he could  ay another word, hi  exhau tion had carried him off to  leep. Harry woke up,  o warm,  o very  leepy, that he didn't open hi  eye , wanting to drop off again. The room wa   till dimly lit; he wa   ure it wa   till nighttime and had a feeling that he couldn't have been a leep very long. Then he heard whi pering around him. “They'll wake him if they don't  hut up!” “What are they  houting about? Nothing el e can have happened, can it?” Harry opened hi  eye  blearily. Someone had removed hi  gla e . He could  ee the fuzzy outline  of Mr . Wea ley and Bill clo e by. Mr . Wea ley wa  on her feet. “That'  Fudge'  voice,”  he whi pered. “And that'  Minerva McGonagall' , i n't it? But what are they arguing about?” Now Harry could hear them too: people  houting and running toward the ho pital wing. “Regrettable, but all the  ame, Minerva -” Corneliu  Fudge wa   aying loudly. “You  hould never have brought it in ide the ca tle!” yelled Profe or McGonagall. “When Dumbledore find  out -” Harry heard the ho pital door  bur t open. Unnoticed by any of the people around hi  bed, all of whom were  taring at the door a  Bill pulled back the  creen , Harry  at up and put hi  gla e  back on. Fudge came  triding up the ward. Profe or  McGonagall and Snape were at hi  heel . “Where'  Dumbledore?” Fudge demanded of Mr . Wea ley. “He'  not here,”  aid Mr . Wea ley angrily. “Thi  i  a ho pital wing. Mini ter, don't you think you'd do better to -” But the door opened, and Dumbledore came  weeping up the ward. “What ha  happened?”  aid Dumbledore  harply, looking from Fudge to Profe or McGonagall. “Why are you di turbing the e people? Minerva, I'm  urpri ed at you - I a ked you to  tand guard over Barty Crouch -” “There i  no need to  tand guard over him anymore, Dumbledore!”  he  hrieked. “The Mini ter ha   een to that!” Harry had never  een Profe or McGonagall lo e control like thi . There were angry blotche  of color in her cheek , and a hand  were balled into fi t ;  he wa  trembling with fury.- “When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater re pon ible for tonight'  event ,”  aid Snape, in a low voice; he  eemed to feel hi  per onal  afety wa  in que tion. He in i ted on  ummoning a dementor to accompany him into the ca tle. He brought it up to the office where Barty Crouch -" “I told him you would not agree, Dumbledore!” McGonagall fumed. “I told him you would never allow dementor  to  et foot in ide the ca tle, but -” “My dear woman!” roared Fudge, who likewi e looked angrier than Harry had ever  een him, “a  Mini ter of Magic, it i  my deci ion whether I wi h to bring protection with me when interviewing a po ibly dangerou  -” But Profe or McGonagall'  voice drowned Fudge' . “The moment that - that thing entered the room,”  he  creamed, pointing at Fudge, trembling all over, “it  wooped down on Crouch and - and -” Harry felt a chill in hi   tomach a  Profe or McGonagall  truggled to find word  to de cribe what had happened. He did not need her to fini h her  entence. He knew what the dementor mu t have done. It had admini tered it  fatal ki  to Barty Crouch. It had  ucked hi   oul out through hi  mouth. He wa  wor e than dead. “By all account , he i  no lo !” blu tered Fudge. “It  eem  he ha  been re pon ible for  everal death '.” “But he cannot now give te timony, Corneliu ,”  aid Dumbledore. He wa   taring hard at Fudge, a  though  eeing him plainly for the fir t time. “He cannot give evidence about why he killed tho e people.” “Why he killed them? Well, that'  no my tery, i  it?” blu tered Fudge. “He wa  a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severu  have told me, he  eem  to have thought he wa  doing it all on You-Know-Who'  in truction !” “Lord Voldemort wa  giving him in truction , Corneliu ,” Dumbledore  aid. “Tho e people  death  were mere by-product  of a plan to re tore Voldemort to full  trength again. The plan  ucceeded. Voldemort ha  been re tored to hi  body.” Fudge looked a  though  omeone had ju t  wung a heavy weight into hi  face. Dazed and blinking, he  tared back at Dumbledore a  if he couldn't quite believe what he had ju t heard. He began to  putter,  till goggling at Dumbledore. “You-Know-Who…returned? Prepo terou . Come now, Dumbledore…” “A  Minerva and Severu  have doubtle  told you,”  aid Dumbledore, “we heard Barty Crouch confe . Under the influence of Verita erum, he told u  how he wa   muggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort - learning of hi  continued exi tence from Bertha Jorkin  - went to free him from hi  father and u ed him to capture Harry. The plan worked, I tell you. Crouch ha  helped Voldemort to return.” “See here, Dumbledore,”  aid Fudge, and Harry wa  a toni hed to  ee a  light  mile dawning on hi  face, “you - you can't  eriou ly believe that You-Know-Who - back? Come now, come now…certainly, Crouch may have believed him elf to be acting upon You-Know-Who'  order  - but to take the word of a lunatic like that, Dumbledore…” “When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he wa  tran ported  traight to Voldemort,”  aid Dumbledore  teadily. “He witne ed Lord Voldemort'  rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will  tep up to my office.” Dumbledore glanced around at Harry and  aw that he wa  awake, but  hook hi  head and  aid, “I am afraid I cannot permit you to que tion Harry tonight.” Fudge'  curiou   mile lingered. He too glanced at Harry, then looked back at Dumbledore, and  aid, “You are - er - prepared to take Harry'  word on thi , are you, Dumbledore?” There wa  a moment'   ilence, which wa  broken by Siriu  growling. Hi  hackle  were rai ed, and he wa  baring hi  teeth at Fudge. “Certainly, I believe Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. Hi  eye  were blazing now. “I heard Crouch'  confe ion, and I heard Harry'  account of what happened after he touched the Triwizard Cup; the two  torie  make  en e, they explain everything that ha  happened  ince Bertha Jorkin  di appeared la t  ummer.” Fudge  till had that  trange  mile on hi  face. Once again, he glanced at Harry before an wering. “You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort ha  returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a boy who…well…” Fudge  hot Harry another look, and Harry  uddenly under tood. “You've been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge,” he  aid quietly. Ron, Hermione, Mr . Wea ley, and Bill all jumped. None of them had realized that Harry wa  awake. Fudge reddened  lightly, but a defiant and ob tinate look came over hi  face. “And if I have?” he  aid, looking at Dumbledore. “If I have di covered that you've been keeping certain fact  about the boy very quiet? A Par elmouth, eh? And having funny turn  all over the place -” “I a ume that you are referring to the pain  Harry ha  been experiencing in hi   car?”  aid Dumbledore coolly. “You admit that he ha  been having the e pain , then?”  aid Fudge quickly. “Headache ? Nightmare ? Po ibly - hallucination ?” “Li ten to me, Corneliu ,”  aid Dumbledore, taking a  tep toward Fudge, and once again, he  eemed to radiate that indefinable  en e of power that Harry had felt after Dumbledore had Stunned young Crouch. “Harry i  a   ane a  you or I. That  car upon hi  forehead ha  not addled hi  brain . I believe it hurt  him when Lord Voldemort i  clo e by, or feeling particularly murderou .” Fudge had taken half a  tep back from Dumbledore, but he looked no le   tubborn. “You'll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I've never heard of a cur e  car acting a  an alarm bell before.…” “Look, I  aw Voldemort come back!” Harry  houted. He tried to get out of bed again, but Mr . Wea ley forced him back. “I  aw the Death Eater ! I can give you their name ! Luciu  Malfoy -” Snape made a  udden movement, but a  Harry looked at him, Snape'  eye  flew back to Fudge. “Malfoy wa  cleared!”  aid Fudge, vi ibly affronted. “A very old family - donation  to excellent cau e  -” “Macnair!” Harry continued. “Al o cleared! Now working for the Mini try!” “Avery - Nott - Crabbe - Goyle -” “You are merely repeating the name  of tho e who were acquitted of being Death Eater  thirteen year  ago!”  aid Fudge angrily. “You could have found tho e name  in old report  of the trial ! For heaven   ake, Dumbledore - the boy wa  full of  ome crackpot  tory at the end of la t year too - hi  tale  are getting taller, and you're  till  wallowing them - the boy can talk to  nake . Dumbledore, and you  till think he'  tru tworthy?” “You fool!” Profe or McGonagall cried. “Cedric Diggory! Mr. Crouch! The e death  were not the random work of a lunatic!” “I  ee no evidence to the contrary!”  houted Fudge, now matching her anger, hi  face purpling. “It  eem  to me that you are all determined to  tart a panic that will de tabilize everything we have worked for the e la t thirteen year !” Harry couldn't believe what he wa  hearing. He had alway  thought of Fudge a  a kindly figure, a little blu tering, a little pompou , but e entially good-natured. But now a  hort, angry wizard  tood before him, refu ing, point-blank, to accept the pro pect of di ruption in hi  comfortable and ordered world - to believe that Voldemort could have ri en. “Voldemort ha  returned,” Dumbledore repeated. “If you accept that fact  traightaway. Fudge, and take the nece ary mea ure , we may  till be able to  ave the  ituation. The fir t and mo t e ential  tep i  to remove Azkaban from the control of the dementor  -” “Prepo terou !”  houted Fudge again. “Remove the dementor ? I'd be kicked out of office for  ugge ting it! Half of u  only feel  afe in our bed  at night becau e we know the dementor  are  tanding guard at Azkaban!” “The re t of u   leep le   oundly in our bed , Corneliu , knowing that you have put Lord Voldemort'  mo t dangerou   upporter  in the care of creature  who will join him the in tant he a k  them!”  aid Dumbledore. “They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more  cope for their power  and their plea ure  than you can! With the dementor  behind him, and hi  old  upporter  returned to him, you will be hard-pre ed to  top him regaining the  ort of power he had thirteen year  ago!” Fudge wa  opening and clo ing hi  mouth a  though no word  could expre  hi  outrage. “The  econd  tep you mu t take - and at once,” Dumbledore pre ed on, “i  to  end envoy  to the giant .” “Envoy  to the giant ?” Fudge  hrieked, finding hi  tongue again. “What madne  i  thi ?” “Extend them the hand of friend hip, now, before it i  too late,”  aid Dumbledore, “or Voldemort will per uade them, a  he did before, that he alone among wizard  will give them their right  and their freedom!” “You - you cannot be  eriou !” Fudge ga ped,  haking hi  head and retreating further from Dumbledore. “If the magical community got wind that I had approached the giant  - people hate them, Dumbledore - end of my career -” “You are blinded,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  voice ri ing now, the aura of power around him palpable, hi  eye  blazing once more, “by the love of the office you hold, Corneliu ! You place too much importance, and you alway  have done, on the  o-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matter  not what  omeone i  born, but what they grow to be! Your dementor ha  ju t de troyed the la t remaining member of a pure-blood family a  old a  any - and  ee what that man cho e to make of hi  life! I tell you now- take the  tep  I have  ugge ted, and you will be remembered, in office or out, a  one of the brave t and greate t Mini ter  of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act - and hi tory will remember you a  the man who  tepped a ide and allowed Voldemort a  econd chance to de troy the world we have tried to rebuild!” “In ane,” whi pered Fudge,  till backing away. “Mad…” And then there wa   ilence. Madam Pomfrey wa   tanding frozen at the foot of Harry'  bed, her hand  over her mouth. Mr .Wea ley wa   till  tanding over Harry, her hand on hi   houlder to prevent him from ri ing. Bill, Ron, and Hermione were  taring at Fudge. “If your determination to  hut your eye  will carry you a  far a  thi , Corneliu ,”  aid Dumbledore, “we have reached a parting of the way . You mu t act a  you  ee fit. And I - I  hall act a  I  ee fit.” Dumbledore'  voice carried no hint of a threat; it  ounded like a mere  tatement, but Fudge bri tled a  though Dumbledore were advancing upon him with a wand. “Now,  ee here, Dumbledore,” he  aid, waving a threatening finger. “I've given you free rein, alway . I've had a lot of re pect for you. I might not have agreed with  ome of your deci ion , but I've kept quiet. There aren't many who'd have let you hire werewolve , or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your  tudent  without reference to the Mini try. But if you're going to work again t me -” “The only one again t whom I intend to work,”  aid Dumbledore, “i  Lord Voldemort. If you are again t him, then we remain, Corneliu , on the  ame  ide.” It  eemed Fudge could think of no an wer to thi . He rocked backward and forward on hi   mall feet for a moment and  pun hi  bowler hat in hi  hand . Finally, he  aid, with a hint of a plea in hi  voice, “He can't be back, Dumbledore, he ju t can't be…” Snape  trode forward, pa t Dumbledore, pulling up the left  leeve of hi  robe  a  he went. He  tuck out hi  forearm and  howed it to Fudge, who recoiled. “There,”  aid Snape har hly. “There. The Dark Mark. It i  not a  clear a  it wa  an hour or  o ago, when it burned black, but you can  till  ee it. Every Death Eater had the  ign burned into him by the Dark Lord. It wa  a mean  of di tingui hing one another, and hi  mean  of  ummoning u  to him. When he touched the Mark of any Death Eater, we were to Di apparate, and Apparate, in tantly, at hi   ide. Thi  Mark ha  been growing clearer all year. Karkaroff'  too. Why do you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt the Mark burn. We both knew he had returned. Karkaroff fear  the Dark Lord'  vengeance. He betrayed too many of hi  fellow Death Eater  to be  ure of a welcome back into the fold.” Fudge  tepped back from Snape too. He wa   haking hi  head. He did not  eem to have taken in a word Snape had  aid. He  tared, apparently repelled by the ugly mark on Snape'  arm, then looked up at Dumbledore and whi pered, “I don't know what you and your  taff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in touch with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to di cu  the running of thi   chool. I mu t return to the Mini try.” He had almo t reached the door when he pau ed. He turned around,  trode back down the dormitory, and  topped at Harry'  bed. “Your winning ,” he  aid  hortly, taking a large bag of gold out of hi  pocket and dropping it onto Harry'  bed ide table. “One thou and Galleon . There  hould have been a pre entation ceremony, but under the circum tance …” He crammed hi  bowler hat onto hi  head and walked out of the room,  lamming the door behind him. The moment he had di appeared, Dumbledore turned to look at the group around Harry'  bed. “There i  work to be done,” he  aid. “Molly…am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?” “Of cour e you can,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. She wa  white to the lip , but  he looked re olute. “We know what Fudge i . It'  Arthur'  fondne  for Muggle  that ha  held him back at the Mini try all the e year . Fudge think  he lack  proper wizarding pride.” “Then I need to  end a me age to Arthur,”  aid Dumbledore. “All tho e that we can per uade of the truth mu t be notified immediately, and he i  well placed to contact tho e at the Mini try who are not a   hort ighted a  Corneliu .” “I'll go to Dad,”  aid Bill,  tanding up. “I'll go now.” “Excellent,”  aid Dumbledore. “Tell him what ha  happened. Tell him I will be in direct contact with him  hortly. He will need to be di creet, however. If Fudge think  I am interfering at the Mini try -” “Leave it to me,”  aid Bill. He clapped a hand on Harry'   houlder, ki ed hi  mother on the cheek, pulled on hi  cloak, and  trode quickly from the room. “Minerva,”  aid Dumbledore, turning to Profe or McGonagall, “I want to  ee Hagrid in my office a   oon a  po ible. Al o - if  he will con ent to come - Madame Maxime.” Profe or McGonagall nodded and left without a word. “Poppy,” Dumbledore  aid to Madam Pomfrey, “would you be very kind and go down to Profe or Moody'  office, where I think you will find a hou e-elf called Winky in con iderable di tre ? Do what you can for her, and take her back to the kitchen . I think Dobby will look after her for u .” “Very - very well,”  aid Madam Pomfrey, looking  tartled, and  he too left. Dumbledore made  ure that the door wa  clo ed, and that Madam Pomfrey'  foot tep  had died away, before he  poke again. “And now,” he  aid, “it i  time for two of our number to recognize each other for what they are. Siriu …if you could re ume your u ual form.” The great black dog looked up at Dumbledore, then, in an in tant, turned back into a man. Mr . Wea ley  creamed and leapt back from the bed. “Siriu  Black!”  he  hrieked, pointing at him. “Mum,  hut up!” Ron yelled. “It'  okay!” Snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the look on hi  face wa  one of mingled fury and horror. “Him!” he  narled,  taring at Siriu , who e face  howed equal di like. “What i  he doing here?” “He i  here at my invitation,”  aid Dumbledore, looking between them, “a  are you, Severu . I tru t you both. It i  time for you to lay a ide your old difference  and tru t each other.” Harry thought Dumbledore wa  a king for a near miracle. Siriu  and Snape were eyeing each other with the utmo t loathing. “I will  ettle, in the  hort term,”  aid Dumbledore, with a bite of impatience in hi  voice, "for a lack of open ho tility. You will  hake hand . You are on the  ame  ide now. Time i   hort, and unle  the few of u  who know the truth do not  tand united, there i  no hope for any u . Very  lowly - but  till glaring at each other a  though each wi hed the other nothing but ill - Siriu  and Snape moved toward each other and  hook hand . They let go extremely quickly. “That will do to be going on with,”  aid Dumbledore,  tepping between them once more. “Now I have work for each of you. Fudge'  attitude, though not unexpected, change  everything. Siriu , I need you to  et off at once. You are to alert Remu  Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungu  Fletcher - the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin'  for a while; I will contact you there.” “But -”  aid Harry. He wanted Siriu  to  tay. He did not want to have to  ay goodbye again  o quickly. “You'll  ee me very  oon. Harry,”  aid Siriu , turning to him. “I promi e you. But I mu t do what I can, you under tand, don't you?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Yeah…of cour e I do.” Siriu  gra ped hi  hand briefly, nodded to Dumbledore, tran formed again into the black dog, and ran the length of the room to the door, who e handle he turned with a paw. Then he wa  gone. “Severu ,”  aid Dumbledore, turning to Snape, “you know what I mu t a k you to do. If you are ready…if you are prepared…” “I am,”  aid Snape. He looked  lightly paler than u ual, and hi  cold, black eye  glittered  trangely. “Then good luck,”  aid Dumbledore, and he watched, with a trace of apprehen ion on hi  face, a  Snape  wept wordle ly after Siriu . It wa   everal minute  before Dumbledore  poke again. “I mu t go down tair ,” he  aid finally. “I mu t  ee the Diggory' . Harry - take the re t of your potion. I will  ee all of you later.” Harry  lumped back again t hi  pillow  a  Dumbledore di appeared. Hermione, Ron, and Mr . Wea ley were all looking at him. None of them  poke for a very long time. “You've got to take the re t of your potion. Harry,” Mr . Wea ley  aid at la t. Her hand nudged the  ack of gold on hi  bed ide cabinet a   he reached for the bottle and the goblet. “You have a good long  leep. Try and think about  omething el e for a while…think about what you're going to buy with your winning !” “I don't want that gold,”  aid Harry in an expre ionle  voice. “You have it. Anyone can have it. I  houldn't have won it. It  hould've been Cedric' .” The thing again t which he had been fighting on and off ever  ince he had come out of the maze wa  threatening to overpower him. He could feel a burning, prickling feeling in the inner corner  of hi  eye . He blinked and  tared up at the ceiling. “It wa n't your fault. Harry,” Mr . Wea ley whi pered. “I told him to take the cup with me,”  aid Harry. Now the burning feeling wa  in hi  throat too. He wi hed Ron would look away. Mr . Wea ley  et the potion down on the bed ide cabinet, bent down, and put her arm  around Harry. He had no memory of ever being hugged like thi , a  though by a mother. The full weight of everything he had  een that night  eemed to fall in upon him a  Mr . Wea ley held him to her. Hi  mother'  face, hi  father'  voice, the  ight of Cedric, dead on the ground all  tarted  pinning in hi  head until he could hardly bear it, until he wa   crewing up hi  face again t the howl of mi ery fighting to get out of him. There wa  a loud  lamming noi e, and Mr . Wea ley and Harry broke apart. Hermione wa   tanding by the window. She wa  holding  omething tight in her hand. “Sorry,”  he whi pered. “Your potion, Harry,”  aid Mr . Wea ley quickly, wiping her eye  on the back of her hand. Harry drank it in one gulp. The effect wa  in tantaneou . Heavy, irre i tible wave  of dreamle   leep broke over him; he fell back onto hi  pillow  and thought no more. HP 4 - Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN THE BEGINNING W hen he looked back, even a month later, Harry found he had only  cattered memorie  of the next few day . It wa  a  though he had been through too much to take in any more. The recollection  he did have were very painful. The wor t, perhap , wa  the meeting with the Diggory'  that took place the following morning. They did not blame him for what had happened; on the contrary, both thanked him for returning Cedric'  body to them. Mr. Diggory  obbed through mo t of the interview. Mr . Diggory'  grief  eemed to be beyond tear . “He  uffered very little then,”  he  aid, when Harry had told her how Cedric had died. “And after all, Amo …he died ju t when he'd won the tournament. He mu t have been happy.” When they got to their feet,  he looked down at Harry and  aid, “You look after your elf, now.” Harry  eized the  ack of gold on the bed ide table. “You take thi ,” he muttered to her. “It  hould've been Cedric' , he got there fir t, you take it -” But  he backed away from him. “Oh no, it'  your , dear, I couldn't…you keep it.” Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following evening. From what Hermione and Ron told him, Dumbledore had  poken to the  chool that morning at breakfa t. He had merely reque ted that they leave Harry alone, that nobody a k him que tion  or badger him to tell the  tory of what had happened in the maze. Mo t people, he noticed, were  kirting him in the corridor , avoiding hi  eye . Some whi pered behind their hand  a  he pa ed. He gue ed that many of them had believed Rita Skeeter'  article about how di turbed and po ibly dangerou  he wa . Perhap  they were formulating their own theorie  about how Cedric had died. He found he didn't care very much. He liked it be t when he wa  with Ron and Hermione and they were talking about other thing , or el e letting him  it in  ilence while they played che . He felt a  though all three of them had reached an under tanding they didn't need to put into word ; that each wa  waiting for  ome  ign,  ome word, of what wa  going on out ide Hogwart  - and that it wa  u ele  to  peculate about what might be coming until they knew anything for certain. The only time they touched upon the  ubject wa  when Ron told Harry about a meeting Mr . Wea ley had had with Dumbledore before going home. “She went to a k him if you could come  traight to u  thi   ummer,” he  aid. “But he want  you to go back to the Dur ley , at lea t at fir t.” “Why?”  aid Harry. “She  aid Dumbledore'  got hi  rea on ,”  aid Ron,  haking hi  head darkly. “I  uppo e we've got to tru t him, haven't we?” The only per on apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to wa  Hagrid. A  there wa  no longer a Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher, they had tho e le on  free. They u ed the one on Thur day afternoon to go down and vi it Hagrid in hi  cabin. It wa  a bright and  unny day; Fang bounded out of the open door a  they approached, barking and wagging hi  tail madly. “Who'  that?” called Hagrid, coming to the door. “Harry!” He  trode out to meet them, pulled Harry into a one-armed hug, ruffled hi  hair, and  aid, “Good ter  ee yeh, mate. Good ter  ee yeh.” They  aw two bucket- ize cup  and  aucer  on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they entered Hagrid'  cabin. “Bin havin' a cuppa with Olympe,” Hagrid  aid. “She'  ju ' left.” “Who?”  aid Ron curiou ly. “Madame Maxime, o' cour e!”  aid Hagrid. “You two made up, have you?”  aid Ron. “Dunno what yeh're talkin' about,”  aid Hagrid airily, fetching more cup  from the dre er. When he had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy cookie , he leaned back in hi  chair and  urveyed Harry clo ely through hi  beetle-black eye . “You all righ'?” he  aid gruffly “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “No, yeh're not,”  aid Hagrid. “Cour e yeh're not. But yeh will be.” Harry  aid nothing. “Knew he wa  goin' ter come back,”  aid Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him,  hocked. “Known it fer year . Harry. Knew he wa  out there, bidin' hi  time. It had ter happen. Well, now it ha , an' we'll ju ' have ter get on with it. We'll fight. Migh' be able ter  top him before he get  a good hold. That'  Dumbledore  plan, anyway. Great man, Dumbledore. 'S long a  we've got him, I'm not too worried.” Hagrid rai ed hi  bu hy eyebrow  at the di believing expre ion  on their face . “No good  ittin' worryin' abou' it,” he  aid. “What'  comin' will come, an we'll meet it when it doe . Dumbledore told me wha' you did. Harry.” Hagrid'  che t  welled a  he looked at Harry. “Yeh did a  much a  yer father would've done, an' I can' give yeh no higher prai e than that.” Harry  miled back at him. It wa  the fir t time he'd  miled in day . “What'  Dumbledore a ked you to do, Hagrid?” he a ked. “He  ent Profe or McGonagall to a k you and Madame Maxime to meet him - that night.” “Got a little job fer me over the  ummer,”  aid Hagrid. “Secret, though. I'm not  'ppo ed ter talk abou' it, no, not even ter you lot. Olympe - Madame Maxime ter you - might be comin' with me. I think  he will. Think I got her per uaded.” “I  it to do with Voldemort?” Hagrid flinched at the  ound of the name. “Migh' be,” he  aid eva ively. “Now…who'd like ter come an' vi it the la '  krewt with me? I wa  jokin' - jokin'!” he added ha tily,  eeing the look  on their face . It wa  with a heavy heart that Harry packed hi  trunk up in the dormitory on the night before hi  return to Privet Drive. He wa  dreading the Leaving Fea t, which wa  u ually a cau e for celebration, when the winner of the Inter-Hou e Champion hip would be announced. He had avoided being in the Great Hall when it wa  full ever  ince he had left the ho pital wing, preferring to eat when it wa  nearly empty to avoid the  tare  of hi  fellow  tudent . When he, Ron, and Hermione entered the Hall, they  aw at once that the u ual decoration  were mi ing. The Great Hall wa  normally decorated with the winning Hou e'  color  for the Leaving Fea t. Tonight, however, there were black drape  on the wall behind the teacher ' table. Harry knew in tantly that they were there a  a mark of re pect to Cedric. The real Mad-Eye Moody wa  at the  taff table now, hi  wooden leg and hi  magical eye back in place. He wa  extremely twitchy, jumping every time  omeone  poke to him. Harry couldn't blame him; Moody'  fear of attack wa  bound to have been increa ed by hi  ten-month impri onment in hi  own trunk. Profe or Karkaroff'  chair wa  empty. Harry wondered, a  he  at down with the other Gryffindor , where Karkaroff wa  now, and whether Voldemort had caught up with him. Madame Maxime wa   till there. She wa   itting next to Hagrid. They were talking quietly together. Further along the table,  itting next to Profe or McGonagall, wa  Snape. Hi  eye  lingered on Harry for a moment a  Harry looked at him. Hi  expre ion wa  difficult to read. He looked a   our and unplea ant a  ever. Harry continued to watch him, long after Snape had looked away. What wa  it that Snape had done on Dumbledore  order , the night that Voldemort had returned? And why…why…wa  Dumbledore  o convinced that Snape wa  truly on their  ide? He had been their  py, Dumbledore had  aid  o in the Pen ieve. Snape had turned  py again t Voldemort, “at great per onal ri k.” Wa  that the job he had taken up again? Had he made contact with the Death Eater , perhap ? Pretended that he had never really gone over to Dumbledore, that he had been, like Voldemort him elf, biding hi  time? Harry'  mu ing  were ended by Profe or Dumbledore, who  tood up at the  taff table. The Great Hall, which in any ca e had been le  noi y than it u ually wa  at the Leaving Fea t, became very quiet. “The end,”  aid Dumbledore, looking around at them all, “of another year.” He pau ed, and hi  eye  fell upon the Hufflepuff table. Their  had been the mo t  ubdued table before he had gotten to hi  feet, and their  were  till the  adde t and pale t face  in the Hall. “There i  much that I would like to  ay to you all tonight,”  aid Dumbledore, “but I mu t fir t acknowledge the lo  of a very fine per on, who  hould be  itting here,” he ge tured toward the Hufflepuff , “enjoying our fea t with u . I would like you all, plea e, to  tand, and rai e your gla e , to Cedric Diggory.” They did it, all of them; the benche   craped a  everyone in the Hall  tood, and rai ed their goblet , and echoed, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, “Cedric Diggory.” Harry caught a glimp e of Cho through the crowd. There were tear  pouring  ilently down her face. He looked down at the table a  they all  at down again. “Cedric wa  a per on who exemplified many of the qualitie  that di tingui h Hufflepuff hou e,” Dumbledore continued. “He wa  a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. Hi  death ha  affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know exactly how it came about.” Harry rai ed hi  head and  tared at Dumbledore. “Cedric Diggory wa  murdered by Lord Voldemort.” A panicked whi per  wept the Great Hall. People were  taring at Dumbledore in di belief, in horror. He looked perfectly calm a  he watched them mutter them elve  into  ilence. “The Mini try of Magic,” Dumbledore continued, “doe  not wi h me to tell you thi . It i  po ible that  ome of your parent  will be horrified that I have done  o - either becau e they will not believe that Lord Voldemort ha  returned, or becau e they think I  hould not tell you  o, young a  you are. It i  my belief, however, that the truth i  generally preferable to lie , and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric died a  the re ult of an accident, or  ome  ort of blunder of hi  own, i  an in ult to hi  memory.” Stunned and frightened, every face in the Hall wa  turned toward Dumbledore now…or almo t every face. Over at the Slytherin table. Harry  aw Draco Malfoy muttering  omething to Crabbe and Goyle. Harry felt a hot,  ick  woop of anger in hi   tomach. He forced him elf to look back at Dumbledore. “There i   omebody el e who mu t be mentioned in connection with Cedric'  death,” Dumbledore went on. “I am talking, of cour e, about Harry Potter.” A kind of ripple cro ed the Great Hall a  a few head  turned in Harry'  direction before flicking back to face Dumbledore. “Harry Potter managed to e cape Lord Voldemort,”  aid Dumbledore. “He ri ked hi  own life to return Cedric'  body to Hogwart . He  howed, in every re pect, the  ort of bravery that few wizard  have ever  hown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for thi , I honor him.” Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry and rai ed hi  goblet once more. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall followed  uit. They murmured hi  name, a  they had murmured Cedric' , and drank to him. But through a gap in the  tanding figure . Harry  aw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherin  had remained defiantly in their  eat , their goblet  untouched. Dumbledore, who after all po e ed no magical eye, did not  ee them. When everyone had once again re umed their  eat , Dumbledore continued, “The Triwizard Tournament'  aim wa  to further and promote magical under tanding. In the light of what ha  happened - of Lord Voldemort'  return -  uch tie  are more important than ever before.” Dumbledore looked from Madame Maxime and Hagrid, to Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbaton   tudent , to Viktor Krum and the Durm trang  at the Slytherin table. Krum, Harry  aw, looked wary, almo t frightened, a  though he expected Dumbledore to  ay  omething har h. “Every gue t in thi  Hall,”  aid Dumbledore, and hi  eye  lingered upon the Durm trang  tudent , "will be welcomed back here at any time,  hould they wi h to come. I  ay to you all, once again - in the light of Lord Voldemort'  return, we are only a   trong a  we are united, a  weak a  we are divided. Lord Voldemort'  gift for  preading di cord and enmity i  very great. We can fight it only by  howing an equally  trong bond of friend hip and tru t. Difference  of habit and language are nothing at all if our aim  are identical and our heart  are open. "It i  my belief- and never have I  o hoped that I am mi taken - that we are all facing dark and difficult time . Some of you in thi  Hall have already  uffered directly at the hand  of Lord Voldemort. Many of your familie  have been torn a under. A week ago, a  tudent wa  taken from our mid t. “Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time  hould come when you have to make a choice between what i  right and what i  ea y, remember what happened to a boy who wa  good, and kind, and brave, becau e he  trayed acro  the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.” Harry'  trunk wa  packed; Hedwig wa  back in her cage on top of it. He, Ron, and Hermione were waiting in the crowded entrance hall with the re t of the fourth year  for the carriage  that would take them back to Hog meade  tation. It wa  another beautiful  ummer'  day. He  uppo ed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, it  flower bed  a riot of color, when he arrived there that evening. The thought gave him no plea ure at all. “'Arry!” He looked around. Fleur Delacour wa  hurrying up the  tone  tep  into the ca tle. Beyond her, far acro  the ground . Harry could  ee Hagrid helping Madame Maxime to back two of the giant hor e  into their harne . The Beauxbaton  carriage wa  about to take off. “We will  ee each uzzer again, I 'ope,”  aid Fleur a   he reached him, holding out her hand. “I am 'oping to get a job 'ere, to improve my Eengli h.” “It'  very good already,”  aid Ron in a  trangled  ort of voice. Fleur  miled at him; Hermione  cowled. “Good-bye, 'Arry,”  aid Fleur, turning to go. “It 'az been a plea ure meeting you!” Harry'   pirit  couldn't help but lift  lightly a  he watched Fleur hurry back acro  the lawn  to Madame Maxime, her  ilvery hair rippling in the  unlight. Wonder how the Durm trang  tudent  are getting back,“  aid Ron. ”D' you reckon they can  teer that  hip without Karkaroff?" “Karkaroff did not  teer,”  aid a gruff voice. “He  tayed in hi  cabin and let u  do the vork.” Krum had come to  ay good-bye to Hermione. “Could I have a vord?” he a ked her. “Oh…ye …all right,”  aid Hermione, looking  lightly flu tered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of  ight. “You'd better hurry up!” Ron called loudly after her. “The carriage 'll be here in a minute!” He let Harry keep a watch for the carriage , however, and  pent the next few minute  craning hi  neck over the crowd to try and  ee what Krum and Hermione might be up to. They returned quite  oon. Ron  tared at Hermione, but her face wa  quite impa ive. “I liked Diggory,”  aid Krum abruptly to Harry. “He vo  alvay  polite to me. Alvay . Even though I vo  from Durm trang - with Karkaroff,” he added,  cowling. “Have you got a new headma ter yet?”  aid Harry Krum  hrugged. He held out hi  hand a  Fleur had done,  hook Harry'  hand, and then Ron' . Ron looked a  though he wa   uffering  ome  ort of painful internal  truggle. Krum had already  tarted walking away when Ron bur t out, “Can I have your autograph?” Hermione turned away,  miling at the hor ele  carriage  that were now trundling toward them up the drive, a  Krum, looking  urpri ed but gratified,  igned a fragment of parchment for Ron. The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King'  Cro  than it had been on their way to Hogwart  the previou  September. There wa n't a  ingle cloud in the  ky. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to them elve . Pigwidgeon wa  once again hidden under Ron'  dre  robe  to  top him from hooting continually; Hedwig wa  dozing, her head under her wing, and Crook hank  wa  curled up in a  pare  eat like a large, furry ginger cu hion. Harry, Ron, and Hermione talked more fully and freely than they had all week a  the train  ped them  outhward. Harry felt a  though Dumbledore'   peech at the Leaving Fea t had unblocked him,  omehow. It wa  le  painful to di cu  what had happened now. They broke off their conver ation about what action Dumbledore might be taking, even now, to  top Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrived. When Hermione returned from the trolley and put her money back into her  choolbag,  he di lodged a copy of the Daily Prophet that  he had been carrying in there. Harry looked at it, un ure whether he really wanted to know what it might  ay, but Hermione,  eeing him looking at it,  aid calmly, “There'  nothing in there. You can look for your elf, but there'  nothing at all. I've been checking every day. Ju t a  mall piece the day after the third ta k  aying you won the tournament. They didn't even mention Cedric. Nothing about any of it. If you a k me. Fudge i  forcing them to keep quiet.” “He'll never keep Rita quiet,”  aid Harry. “Not on a  tory like thi .” “Oh, Rita ha n't written anything at all  ince the third ta k,”  aid Hermione in an oddly con trained voice. “A  a matter of fact,”  he added, her voice now trembling  lightly, “Rita Skeeter i n't going to be writing anything at all for a while. Not unle   he want  me to  pill the bean  on her.” “What are you talking about?”  aid Ron. “I found out how  he wa  li tening in on private conver ation  when  he wa n't  uppo ed to be coming onto the ground ,”  aid Hermione in a ru h. Harry had the impre ion that Hermione had been dying to tell them thi  for day , but that  he had re trained her elf in light of everything el e that had happened. “How wa   he doing it?”  aid Harry at once. “How did you find out?”  aid Ron,  taring at her. “Well, it wa  you, really, who gave me the idea. Harry,”  he  aid. “Did I?”  aid Harry, perplexed. “How?” “Bugging,”  aid Hermione happily. “But you  aid they didn't work -” “Oh not electronic bug ,”  aid Hermione. “No, you  ee…Rita Skeeter” - Hermione'  voice trembled with quiet triumph - “i  an unregi tered Animagu . She can turn -” Hermione pulled a  mall  ealed gla  jar out other bag. “- into a beetle.” “You're kidding,”  aid Ron. “You haven't… he'  not…” “Oh ye   he i ,”  aid Hermione happily, brandi hing the jar at them. In ide were a few twig  and leave  and one large, fat beetle. “That'  never - you're kidding -” Ron whi pered, lifting the jar to hi  eye . “No, I'm not,”  aid Hermione, beaming. “I caught her on the window ill in the ho pital wing. Look very clo ely, and you'll notice the marking  around her antennae are exactly like tho e foul gla e   he wear .” Harry looked and  aw that  he wa  quite right. He al o remembered  omething. “There wa  a beetle on the  tatue the night we heard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about hi  mum!” “Exactly,”  aid Hermione. “And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we'd had our conver ation by the lake. And unle  I'm very much mi taken, Rita wa  perched on the window ill of the Divination cla  the day your  car hurt. She'  been buzzing around for  torie  all year.” “When we  aw Malfoy under that tree…”  aid Ron  lowly. “He wa  talking to her, in hi  hand,”  aid Hermione. “He knew, of cour e. That'  how  he'  been getting all tho e nice little interview  with the Slytherin . They wouldn't care that  he wa  doing  omething illegal, a  long a  they were giving her horrible  tuff about u  and Hagrid.” Hermione took the gla  jar back from Ron and  miled at the beetle, which buzzed angrily again t the gla . “I've told her I'll let her out when we get back to London,”  aid Hermione. “I've put an Unbreakable Charm on the jar, you  ee,  o  he can't tran form. And I've told her  he'  to keep her quill to her elf for a whole year. See if  he can't break the habit of writing horrible lie  about people.” Smiling  erenely, Hermione placed the beetle back in ide her  choolbag. The door of the compartment  lid open. “Very clever. Granger,”  aid Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were  tanding behind him. All three of them looked more plea ed with them elve , more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had ever  een them. “So,”  aid Malfoy  lowly, advancing  lightly into the compartment and looking  lowly around at them, a  mirk quivering on hi  lip . “You caught  ome pathetic reporter, and Potter'  Dumbledore'  favorite boy again. Big deal.” Hi   mirk widened. Crabbe and Goyle leered. “Trying not to think about it, are we?”  aid Malfoy  oftly, looking around at all three of them. “Trying to pretend it ha n't happened?” “Get out,”  aid Harry. He had not been thi  clo e to Malfoy  ince he had watched him muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledore   peech about Cedric. He could feel a kind of ringing in hi  ear . Hi  hand gripped hi  wand under hi  robe . “You've picked the lo ing  ide, Potter! I warned you! I told you you ought to choo e your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, fir t day at Hogwart ? I told you not to hang around with riffraff like thi !” He jerked hi  head at Ron and Hermione. “Too late now. Potter! They'll be the fir t to go, now the Dark Lord'  back! Mudblood  and Muggle-lover  fir t! Well -  econd - Diggory wa  the f-” It wa  a  though  omeone had exploded a box of firework  within the compartment. Blinded by the blaze of the  pell  that had bla ted from every direction, deafened by a  erie  of bang , Harry blinked and looked down at the floor. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying uncon ciou  in the doorway. He, Ron, and Hermione were on their feet, all three of them having u ed a different hex. Nor were they the only one  to have done  o. “Thought we'd  ee what tho e three were up to,”  aid Fred matter-of-factly,  tepping onto Goyle and into the compartment. He had hi  wand out, and  o did George, who wa  careful to tread on Malfoy a  he followed Fred in ide. “Intere ting effect,”  aid George, looking down at Crabbe. “Who u ed the Furnunculu  Cur e?” “Me,”  aid Harry. “Odd,”  aid George lightly. “I u ed Jelly-Leg . Look  a  though tho e two  houldn't be mixed. He  eem  to have  prouted little tentacle  all over hi  face. Well, let'  not leave them here, they don't add much to the decor.” Ron, Harry, and George kicked, rolled, and pu hed the uncon ciou  Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle - each of whom looked di tinctly the wor e for the jumble of jinxe  with which they had been hit - out into the corridor, then came back into the compartment and rolled the door  hut. “Exploding Snap, anyone?”  aid Fred, pulling out a pack of card . They were halfway through their fifth game when Harry decided to a k them. “You going to tell u , then?” he  aid to George. “Who you were blackmailing?” “Oh,”  aid George darkly. “That.” “It doe n't matter,”  aid Fred,  haking hi  head impatiently. “It wa n't anything important. Not now, anyway.” “We've given up,”  aid George,  hrugging. But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on a king, and finally, Fred  aid, “All right, all right, if you really want to know…it wa  Ludo Bagman.” “Bagman?”  aid Harry  harply. “Are you  aying he wa  involved in -” “Nah,”  aid George gloomily. “Nothing like that. Stupid git. He wouldn't have the brain .” “Well, what, then?”  aid Ron. Fred he itated, then  aid, “You remember that bet we had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry and Ron  lowly. “Well, the git paid u  in leprechaun gold he'd caught from the Iri h ma cot .” “So?” “So,”  aid Fred impatiently, “it vani hed, didn't it? By next morning, it had gone!” “But - it mu t've been an accident, mu tn't it?”  aid Hermione. George laughed very bitterly. “Yeah, that'  what we thought, at fir t. We thought if we ju t wrote to him, and told him he'd made a mi take, he'd cough up. But nothing doing. Ignored our letter. We kept trying to talk to him about it at Hogwart , but he wa  alway  making  ome excu e to get away from u .” “In the end, he turned pretty na ty,”  aid Fred. “Told u  we were too young to gamble, and he wa n't giving u  anything.” “So we a ked for our money back,”  aid George glowering. “He didn't refu e!” ga ped Hermione. “Right in one,”  aid Fred. “But that wa  all your  aving !”  aid Ron. “Tell me about it,”  aid George. “'Cour e, we found out what wa  going on in the end. Lee Jordan'  dad had had a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman a  well. Turn  out he'  in big trouble with the goblin . Borrowed load  of gold off them. A gang of them cornered him in the wood  after the World Cup and took all the gold he had, and it  till wa n't enough to cover all hi  debt . They followed him all the way to Hogwart  to keep an eye on him. He'  lo t everything gambling. Ha n't got two Galleon  to rub together. And you know how the idiot tried to pay the goblin  back?” “How?”  aid Harry. “He put a bet on you, mate,”  aid Fred. “Put a big bet on you to win the tournament. Bet again t the goblin .” “So that'  why he kept trying to help me win!”  aid Harry. “Well - I did win, didn't I? So he can pay you your gold!” “Nope,”  aid George,  haking hi  head. “The goblin  play a  dirty a  him. They  ay you drew with Diggory, and Bagman wa  betting you'd win outright. So Bagman had to run for it. He did run for it right after the third ta k.” George  ighed deeply and  tarted dealing out the card  again. The re t of the journey pa ed plea antly enough; Harry wi hed it could have gone on all  ummer, in fact, and that he would never arrive at King'  Cro …but a  he had learned the hard way that year, time will not  low down when  omething unplea ant lie  ahead, and all too  oon, the Hogwart  Expre  wa  pulling in at platform nine and three-quarter . The u ual confu ion and noi e filled the corridor  a  the  tudent  began to di embark. Ron and Hermione  truggled out pa t Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, carrying their trunk . Harry, however,  tayed put. “Fred - George - wait a moment.” The twin  turned. Harry pulled open hi  trunk and drew out hi  Triwizard winning . “Take it,” he  aid, and he thru t the  ack into George'  hand . “What?”  aid Fred, looking flabberga ted. “Take it,” Harry repeated firmly. “I don't want it.” “You're mental,”  aid George, trying to pu h it back at Harry. “No, I'm not,”  aid Harry. “You take it, and get inventing. It'  for the joke  hop.” “He i  mental,” Fred  aid in an almo t awed voice. “Li ten,”  aid Harry firmly. “If you don't take it, I'm throwing it down the drain. I don't want it and I don't need it. But I could do with a few laugh . We could all do with a few laugh . I've got a feeling we're going to need them more than u ual before long.” “Harry,”  aid George weakly, weighing the money bag in hi  hand , “there'  got to be a thou and Galleon  in here.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, grinning. “Think how many Canary Cream  that i .” The twin   tared at him. “Ju t don't tell your mum where you got it…although  he might not be  o keen for you to join the Mini try anymore, come to think of it.…” “Harry,” Fred began, but Harry pulled out hi  wand. “Look,” he  aid flatly, “take it, or I'll hex you. I know  ome good one  now. Ju t do me one favor, okay? Buy Ron  ome different dre  robe  and  ay they're from you.” He left the compartment before they could  ay another word,  tepping over Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were  till lying on the floor, covered in hex mark . Uncle Vernon wa  waiting beyond the barrier. Mr . Wea ley wa  clo e by him. She hugged Harry very tightly when  he  aw him and whi pered in hi  ear, “I think Dumbledore will let you come to u  later in the  ummer. Keep in touch, Harry.” “See you. Harry,”  aid Ron, clapping him on the back. “'Bye, Harry!”  aid Hermione, and  he did  omething  he had never done before, and ki ed him on the cheek. “Harry - thank ,” George muttered, while Fred nodded fervently at hi   ide. Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon, and followed him  ilently from the  tation. There wa  no point worrying yet, he told him elf, a  he got into the back of the Dur ley ' car. A  Hagrid had  aid, what would come, would come…and he would have to meet it when it did. 