M r. and Mr . Dur ley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to  ay that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the la t people you’d expect to be involved in anything  trange or my teriou , becau e they ju t didn’t hold with  uch non en e. Mr. Dur ley wa  the director of a firm called Grunning , which made drill . He wa  a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mu tache. Mr . Dur ley wa  thin and blonde and had nearly twice the u ual amount of neck, which came in very u eful a   he  pent  o much of her time craning over garden fence ,  pying on the neighbor . The Dur ley  had a  mall  on called Dudley and in their opinion there wa  no finer boy anywhere. The Dur ley  had everything they wanted, but they al o had a  ecret, and their greate t fear wa  that  omebody would di cover it. They didn’t think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potter . Mr . Potter wa  Mr . Dur ley’   i ter, but they hadn’t met for  everal year ; in fact, Mr . Dur ley pretended  he didn’t have a  i ter, becau e her  i ter and her good-for-nothing hu band were a  unDur leyi h a  it wa  po ible to be. The Dur ley   huddered to think what the neighbor  would  ay if the Potter  arrived in the  treet. The Dur ley  knew that the Potter  had a  mall  on, too, but they had never even  een him. Thi  boy wa  another good rea on for keeping the Potter  away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that. When Mr. and Mr . Dur ley woke up on the dull, gray Tue day our  tory  tart , there wa  nothing about the cloudy  ky out ide to  ugge t that  trange and my teriou  thing  would  oon be happening all over the country. Mr. Dur ley hummed a  he picked out hi  mo t boring tie for work, and Mr . Dur ley go iped away happily a   he wre tled a  creaming Dudley into hi  high chair. None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter pa t the window. At half pa t eight, Mr. Dur ley picked up hi  briefca e, pecked Mr . Dur ley on the cheek, and tried to ki  Dudley good-bye but mi ed, becau e Dudley wa  now having a tantrum and throwing hi  cereal at the wall . “Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dur ley a  he left the hou e. He got into hi  car and backed out of number four’  drive. It wa  on the corner of the  treet that he noticed the fir t  ign of  omething peculiar — a cat reading a map. For a  econd, Mr. Dur ley didn’t realize what he had  een — then he jerked hi  head around to look again. There wa  a tabby cat  tanding on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wa n’t a map in  ight. What could he have been thinking of? It mu t have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dur ley blinked and  tared at the cat. It  tared back. A  Mr. Dur ley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in hi  mirror. It wa  now reading the  ign that  aid Privet Drive — no, looking at the  ign; cat  couldn’t read map  or  ign . Mr. Dur ley gave him elf a little  hake and put the cat out of hi  mind. A  he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drill  he wa  hoping to get that day. But on the edge of town, drill  were driven out of hi  mind by  omething el e. A  he  at in the u ual morning traffic jam, he couldn’t help noticing that there  eemed to be a lot of  trangely dre ed people about. People in cloak . Mr. Dur ley couldn’t bear people who dre ed in funny clothe  — the getup  you  aw on young people! He  uppo ed thi  wa   ome  tupid new fa hion. He drummed hi  finger  on the  teering wheel and hi  eye  fell on a huddle of the e weirdo   tanding quite clo e by. They were whi pering excitedly together. Mr. Dur ley wa  enraged to  ee that a couple of them weren’t young at all; why, that man had to be older than he wa , and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it  truck Mr. Dur ley that thi  wa  probably  ome  illy  tunt —the e people were obviou ly collecting for  omething…ye , that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minute  later, Mr. Dur ley arrived in the Grunning  parking lot, hi  mind back on drill . Mr. Dur ley alway   at with hi  back to the window in hi  office on the ninth floor. If he hadn’t, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drill  that morning. He didn’t  ee the owl   wooping pa t in broad daylight, though people down in the  treet did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed a  owl after owl  ped overhead. Mo t of them had never  een an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dur ley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made  everal important telephone call  and  houted a bit more. He wa  in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he’d  tretch hi  leg  and walk acro  the road to buy him elf a bun from the bakery. He’d for gotten all about the people in cloak  until he pa ed a group of them next to the baker’ . He eyed them angrily a  he pa ed. He didn’t know why, but they made him unea y. Thi  bunch were whi pering excitedly, too, and he couldn’t  ee a  ingle collecting tin. It wa  on hi  way back pa t them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few word  of what they were  aying. “The Potter , that’  right, that’  what I heard —” “ — ye , their  on, Harry —” Mr. Dur ley  topped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whi perer  a  if he wanted to  ay  omething to them, but thought better of it. He da hed back acro  the road, hurried up to hi  office,  napped at hi   ecretary not to di turb him,  eized hi  telephone, and had almo t fini hed dialing hi  home number when he changed hi  mind. He put the receiver back down and  troked hi  mu tache, thinking…no, he wa  being  tupid. Potter wa n’t  uch an unu ual name. He wa   ure there were lot  of people called Potter who had a  on called Harry. Come to think of it, he wa n’t even  ure hi  nephew wa  called Harry. He’d never even  een the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There wa  no point in worrying Mr . Dur ley;  he alway  got  o up et at any mention of her  i ter. He didn’t blame her — if he’d had a  i ter like that…but all the  ame, tho e people in cloak .… He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drill  that afternoon and when he left the building at five o’clock, he wa   till  o worried that he walked  traight into  omeone ju t out ide the door. “Sorry,” he grunted, a  the tiny old man  tumbled and almo t fell. It wa  a few  econd  before Mr. Dur ley realized that the man wa  wearing a violet cloak. He didn’t  eem at all up et at being almo t knocked to the ground. On the contrary, hi  face  plit into a wide  mile and he  aid in a  queaky voice that made pa er by  tare, “Don’t be  orry, my dear  ir, for nothing could up et me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who ha  gone at la t! Even Muggle  like your elf  hould be celebrating, thi  happy, happy day!” And the old man hugged Mr. Dur ley around the middle and walked off. Mr. Dur ley  tood rooted to the  pot. He had been hugged by a complete  tranger. He al o thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that wa . He wa  rattled. He hurried to hi  car and  et off for home, hoping he wa  imagining thing , which he had never hoped before, becau e he didn’t approve of imagination. A  he pulled into the driveway of number four, the fir t thing he  aw — and it didn’t improve hi  mood — wa  the tabby cat he’d  potted that morning. It wa  now  itting on hi  garden wall. He wa   ure it wa  the  ame one; it had the  ame marking  around it  eye . “Shoo!”  aid Mr. Dur ley loudly. The cat didn’t move. It ju t gave him a  tern look. Wa  thi  normal cat behavior? Mr. Dur ley wondered. Trying to pull him elf together, he let him elf into the hou e. He wa   till determined not to mention anything to hi  wife. Mr . Dur ley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mr . Next Door’  problem  with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word (“Won’t!”). Mr. Dur ley tried to act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the la t report on the evening new : “And finally, bird-watcher  everywhere have reported that the nation’  owl  have been behaving very unu ually today. Although owl  normally hunt at night and are hardly ever  een in daylight, there have been hundred  of  ighting  of the e bird  flying in every direction  ince  unri e. Expert  are unable to explain why the owl  have  uddenly changed their  leeping pattern.” The new ca ter allowed him elf a grin. “Mo t my teriou . And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more  hower  of owl  tonight, Jim?” “Well, Ted,”  aid the weatherman, “I don’t know about that, but it’  not only the owl  that have been acting oddly today. Viewer  a  far apart a  Kent, York hire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that in tead of the rain I promi ed ye terday, they’ve had a downpour of  hooting  tar ! Perhap  people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early — it’  not until next week, folk ! But I can promi e a wet night tonight.” Mr. Dur ley  at frozen in hi  armchair. Shooting  tar  all over Britain? Owl  flying by daylight? My teriou  people in cloak  all over the place? And a whi per, a whi per about the Potter .… Mr . Dur ley came into the living room carrying two cup  of tea. It wa  no good. He’d have to  ay  omething to her. He cleared hi  throat nervou ly. “Er — Petunia, dear — you haven’t heard from your  i ter lately, have you?” A  he had expected, Mr . Dur ley looked  hocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended  he didn’t have a  i ter. “No,”  he  aid  harply. “Why?” “Funny  tuff on the new ,” Mr. Dur ley mumbled. “Owl … hooting  tar …and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today.…” “So?”  napped Mr . Dur ley. “Well, I ju t thought…maybe…it wa   omething to do with…you know…her crowd.” Mr . Dur ley  ipped her tea through pur ed lip . Mr. Dur ley wondered whether he dared tell her he’d heard the name “Potter.” He decided he didn’t dare. In tead he  aid, a  ca ually a  he could, “Their  on — he’d be about Dudley’  age now, wouldn’t he?” “I  uppo e  o,”  aid Mr . Dur ley  tiffly. “What’  hi  name again? Howard, i n’t it?” “Harry. Na ty, common name, if you a k me.” “Oh, ye ,”  aid Mr. Dur ley, hi  heart  inking horribly. “Ye , I quite agree.” He didn’t  ay another word on the  ubject a  they went up tair  to bed. While Mr . Dur ley wa  in the bathroom, Mr. Dur ley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The cat wa   till there. It wa   taring down Privet Drive a  though it were waiting for  omething. Wa  he imagining thing ? Could all thi  have anything to do with the Potter ? If it did...if it got out that they were related to a pair of — well, he didn’t think he could bear it. The Dur ley  got into bed. Mr . Dur ley fell a leep quickly but Mr. Dur ley lay awake, turning it all over in hi  mind. Hi  la t, comforting thought before he fell a leep wa  that even if the Potter  were involved, there wa  no rea on for them to come near him and Mr . Dur ley. The Potter  knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind....He couldn’t  ee how he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on — he yawned and turned over — it couldn’t affect them.… How very wrong he wa . Mr. Dur ley might have been drifting into an unea y  leep, but the cat on the wall out ide wa   howing no  ign of  leepine . It wa   itting a   till a  a  tatue, it  eye  fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. It didn’t  o much a  quiver when a car door  lammed on the next  treet, nor when two owl   wooped overhead. In fact, it wa  nearly midnight before the cat moved at all. A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared  o  uddenly and  ilently you’d have thought he’d ju t popped out of the ground. The cat’  tail twitched and it  eye  narrowed. Nothing like thi  man had ever been  een on Privet Drive. He wa  tall, thin, and very old, judging by the  ilver of hi  hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into hi  belt. He wa  wearing long robe , a purple cloak that  wept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boot . Hi  blue eye  were light, bright, and  parkling behind half-moon  pectacle  and hi  no e wa  very long and crooked, a  though it had been broken at lea t twice. Thi  man’  name wa  Albu  Dumbledore. Albu  Dumbledore didn’t  eem to realize that he had ju t arrived in a  treet where everything from hi  name to hi  boot  wa  unwelcome. He wa  bu y rummaging in hi  cloak, looking for  omething. But he did  eem to realize he wa  being watched, becau e he looked up  uddenly at the cat, which wa   till  taring at him from the other end of the  treet. For  ome rea on, the  ight of the cat  eemed to amu e him. He chuckled and muttered, “I  hould have known.” He found what he wa  looking for in hi  in ide pocket. It  eemed to be a  ilver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The neare t  treet lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again — the next lamp flickered into darkne . Twelve time  he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only light  left on the whole  treet were two tiny pinprick  in the di tance, which were the eye  of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mr . Dur ley, they wouldn’t be able to  ee anything that wa  happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore  lipped the Put-Outer back in ide hi  cloak and  et off down the  treet toward number four, where he  at down on the wall next to the cat. He didn’t look at it, but after a moment he  poke to it. “Fancy  eeing you here, Profe or McGonagall.” He turned to  mile at the tabby, but it had gone. In tead he wa   miling at a rather  evere-looking woman who wa  wearing  quare gla e  exactly the  hape of the marking  the cat had had around it  eye . She, too, wa  wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair wa  drawn into a tight bun. She looked di tinctly ruffled. “How did you know it wa  me?”  he a ked. “My dear Profe or, I’ve never  een a cat  it  o  tiffly.” “You’d be  tiff if you’d been  itting on a brick wall all day,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “All day? When you could have been celebrating? I mu t have pa ed a dozen fea t  and partie  on my way here.” Profe or McGonagall  niffed angrily. “Oh ye , I’ve celebrating, all right,”  he  aid impatiently. “You’d think they’d be a bit more careful, but no —even the Muggle  have noticed  omething’  going on. It wa  on their new .” She jerked her head back at the Dur ley ’ dark living-room window. “I heard it. Flock  of owl … hooting  tar …Well, they’re not completely  tupid. They were bound to notice  omething. Shooting  tar  down in Kent — I’ll bet that wa  Dedalu  Diggle. He never had much  en e.” “You can’t blame them,”  aid Dumbledore gently. “We’ve had preciou  little to celebrate for eleven year .” “I know that,”  aid Profe or McGonagall irritably. “But that’  no rea on to lo e our head . People are being downright carele , out on the  treet  in broad daylight, not even dre ed in Muggle clothe ,  wapping rumor .” She threw a  harp,  ideway  glance at Dumbledore here, a  though hoping he wa  going to tell her  omething, but he didn’t,  o  he went on. “A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who  eem  to have di appeared at la t, the Muggle  found out about u  all. I  uppo e he really ha  gone, Dumbledore?” “It certainly  eem   o,”  aid Dumbledore. “We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?” “A what?” “A lemon drop. They’re a kind of Muggle  weet I’m rather fond of.” “No, thank you,”  aid Profe or McGonagall coldly, a  though  he didn’t think thi  wa  the moment for lemon drop . “A  I  ay, even if You-Know-Who ha  gone —” “My dear Profe or,  urely a  en ible per on like your elf can call him by hi  name? All thi  ‘You-Know-Who’ non en e — for eleven year  I have been trying to per uade people to call him by hi  proper name: Voldemort.” Profe or McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who wa  un ticking two lemon drop ,  eemed not to notice. “It all get   o confu ing if we keep  aying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never  een any rea on to be frightened of  aying Voldemort’  name.” “I know you haven’t,  aid Profe or McGonagall,  ounding half exa perated, half admiring. “But you’re different. Everyone know  you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, wa  frightened of.” “You flatter me,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “Voldemort had power  I will never have.” “Only becau e you’re too — well — noble to u e them.” “It’  lucky it’  dark. I haven’t blu hed  o much  ince Madam Pomfrey told me  he liked my new earmuff .” Profe or McGonagall  hot a  harp look at Dumbledore and  aid “The owl  are nothing next to the rumor  that are flying around. You know what they’re  aying? About why he’  di appeared? About what finally  topped him?” It  eemed that Profe or McGonagall had reached the point  he wa  mo t anxiou  to di cu , the real rea on  he had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither a  a cat nor a  a woman had  he fixed Dumbledore with  uch a piercing  tare a   he did now. It wa  plain that whatever “everyone” wa   aying,  he wa  not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it wa  true. Dumbledore, however, wa  choo ing another lemon drop and did not an wer. “What they’re  aying,”  he pre ed on, “i  that la t night Voldemort turned up in Godric’  Hollow. He went to find the Potter . The rumor i  that Lily and Jame  Potter are — are — that they’re — dead.” Dumbledore bowed hi  head. Profe or McGonagall ga ped. “Lily and Jame …I can’t believe it…I didn’t want to believe it…Oh, Albu …” Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the  houlder. “I know…I know…” he  aid heavily. Profe or McGonagall’  voice trembled a   he went on. “That’  not all. They’re  aying he tried to kill the Potter’   on, Harry. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t kill that little boy. No one know  why, or how, but they’re  aying that when he couldn’t kill Harry Potter, Voldemort’  power  omehow broke — and that’  why he’  gone.” Dumbledore nodded glumly. “It’  — it’  true?” faltered Profe or McGonagall. “After all he’  done…all the people he’  killed…he couldn’t kill a little boy? It’  ju t a tounding…of all the thing  to  top him…but how in the name of heaven did Harry  urvive?” “We can only gue .”  aid Dumbledore. “We may never know.” Profe or McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eye  beneath her  pectacle . Dumbledore gave a great  niff a  he took a golden watch from hi  pocket and examined it. It wa  a very odd watch. It had twelve hand  but no number ; in tead, little planet  were moving around the edge. It mu t have made  en e to Dumbledore, though, becau e he put it back in hi  pocket and  aid, “Hagrid’  late. I  uppo e it wa  he who told you I’d be here, by the way?” “Ye ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “And I don’t  uppo e you’re going to tell me why you’re here, of all place ?” “I’ve come to bring Harry to hi  aunt and uncle. They’re the only family he ha  left now.” “You don’t mean – you can’t mean the people who live here?” cried Profe or McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. “Dumbledore — you can’t. I’ve been watching them all day. You couldn’t find two people who are le  like u . And they’ve got thi   on — I  aw him kicking hi  mother all the way up the  treet,  creaming for  weet . Harry Potter come and live here!” “It’  the be t place for him,”  aid Dumbledore firmly. “Hi  aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he’  older. I’ve written them a letter.” “A letter?” repeated Profe or McGonagall faintly,  itting back down on the wall. “Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all thi  in a letter? The e people will never under tand him! He’ll be famou  — a legend — I wouldn’t be  urpri ed if today wa  known a  Harry Potter day in the future — there will be book  written about Harry — every child in our world will know hi  name!” “Exactly.”  aid Dumbledore, looking very  eriou ly over the top of hi  half-moon gla e . “It would be enough to turn any boy’  head. Famou  before he can walk and talk! Famou  for  omething he won’t even remember! Can you  ee how much better off he’ll be, growing up away from all that until he’  ready to take it?” Profe or McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind,  wallowed, and then  aid, “Ye  — ye , you’re right, of cour e. But how i  the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed hi  cloak  uddenly a  though  he thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it. “Hagrid’  bringing him.” “You think it — wi e — to tru t Hagrid with  omething a  important a  thi ?” “I would tru t Hagrid with my life,”  aid Dumbledore. “I’m not  aying hi  heart i n’t in the right place,”  aid Profe or McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’  not carele . He doe  tend to — what wa  that?” A low rumbling  ound had broken the  ilence around them. It grew  teadily louder a  they looked up and down the  treet for  ome  ign of a headlight; it  welled to a roar a  they both looked up at the  ky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. If the motorcycle wa  huge, it wa  nothing to the man  itting a tride it. He wa  almo t twice a  tall a  a normal man and at lea t five time  a  wide. He looked  imply too big to be allowed, and  o wild — long tangle  of bu hy black hair and beard hid mo t of hi  face, he had hand  the  ize of tra h can lid , and hi  feet in their leather boot  were like baby dolphin . In hi  va t, mu cular arm  he wa  holding a bundle of blanket . “Hagrid,”  aid Dumbledore,  ounding relieved. “At la t. And where did you get that motorcycle?” “Borrowed it, Profe or Dumbledore,  ir,”  aid the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle a  he  poke. “Young Siriu  Black lent it to me. I’ve got him,  ir.” “No problem , were there?” “No,  ir — hou e wa  almo t de troyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggle   tarted  warmin’ around. He fell a leep a  we wa  flyin’ over Bri tol.” Dumbledore and Profe or McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blanket . In ide, ju t vi ible, wa  a baby boy, fa t a leep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair over hi  forehead they could  ee a curiou ly  haped cut, like a bolt of lightning. “I  that where —?” whi pered Profe or McGonagall. “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “He’ll have that  car forever.” “Couldn’t you do  omething about it, Dumbledore?” “Even if I could, I wouldn’t. Scar  can come in handy. I have one my elf above my left knee that i  a perfect map of the London Underground. Well — give him here, Hagrid — we’d better get thi  over with.” Dumbledore took Harry in hi  arm  and turned toward the Dur ley ’ hou e. “Could I — could I  ay good-bye to him,  ir?” a ked Hagrid. He bent hi  great,  haggy head over Harry and gave him what mu t have been a very  cratchy, whi kery ki . Then,  uddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. “Shhh!” hi ed Profe or McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggle !” “S- - orry,”  obbed Hagrid, taking out a large,  potted handkerchief and burying hi  face in it. “But I c-c-can’t  tand it —Lily an’ Jame  dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggle  —” “Ye , ye , it’  all very  ad, but get a grip on your elf, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Profe or McGonagall whi pered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm a  Dumbledore  tepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the door tep, took a letter out of hi  cloak, tucked it in ide Harry’  blanket , and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of them  tood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’   houlder   hook, Profe or McGonagall blinked furiou ly, and the twinkling light that u ually  hone from Dumbledore’  eye   eemed to have gone out. “Well,”  aid Dumbledore finally, “that’  that. We’ve no bu ine   taying here. We may a  well go and join the celebration .” “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid in a very muffled voice, “I’ll be takin’ Siriu  hi  bike back. G’night, Profe or McGonagall — Profe or Dumbledore,  ir.” Wiping hi   treaming eye  on hi  jacket  leeve, Hagrid  wung him elf onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it ro e into the air and off into the night. “I  hall  ee you  oon, I expect, Profe or McGonagall,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding to her. Profe or McGonagall blew her no e in reply. Dumbledore turned and walked back down the  treet. On the corner he  topped and took out the  ilver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve ball  of light  ped back to their  treet lamp   o that Privet Drive glowed  uddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat  linking around the corner at the other end of the  treet. He could ju t  ee the bundle of blanket  on the  tep of number four. “Good luck, Harry,” he murmured. He turned on hi  heel and with a  wi h of hi  cloak, he wa  gone. A breeze ruffled the neat hedge  of Privet Drive, which lay  ilent and tidy under the inky  ky, the very la t place you would expect a toni hing thing  to happen. Harry Potter rolled over in ide hi  blanket  without waking up. One  mall hand clo ed on the letter be ide him and he  lept on, not knowing he wa   pecial, not knowing he wa  famou , not knowing he would be woken in a few hour ’ time by Mr . Dur ley’   cream a   he opened the front door to put out the milk bottle , nor that he would  pend the next few week  being prodded and pinched by hi  cou in Dudley....He couldn’t know that at thi  very moment, people meeting in  ecret all over the country were holding up their gla e  and  aying in hu hed voice : “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!” HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER TWO THE VANISHING GLASS N early ten year  had pa ed  ince the Dur ley  had woken up to find their nephew on the front  tep, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The  un ro e on the  ame tidy front garden  and lit up the bra  number four on the Dur ley ’ front door; it crept into their living room, which wa  almo t exactly the  ame a  it had been on the night when Mr. Dur ley had  een that fateful new  report about the owl . Only the photograph  on the mantelpiece really  howed how much time had pa ed. Ten year  ago, there had been lot  of picture  of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnet  — but Dudley Dur ley wa  no longer a baby, and now the photograph   howed a large blond boy riding hi  fir t bicycle, on a carou el at the fair, playing a computer game with hi  father, being hugged and ki ed by hi  mother. The room held no  ign at all that another boy lived in the hou e, too. Yet Harry Potter wa   till there, a leep at the moment, but not for long. Hi  Aunt Petunia wa  awake and it wa  her  hrill voice that made the fir t noi e of the day. “Up! Get up! Now!” Harry woke with a  tart. Hi  aunt rapped on the door again. “Up!”  he  creeched. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the  ound of the frying pan being put on the  tove. He rolled onto hi  back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling he’d had the  ame dream before. Hi  aunt wa  back out ide the door. “Are you up yet?”  he demanded. “Nearly,”  aid Harry. “Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don’t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy’  birthday.” Harry groaned. “What did you  ay?” hi  aunt  napped through the door. “Nothing, nothing…” Dudley’  birthday — how could he have forgotten? Harry got  lowly out of bed and  tarted looking for  ock . He found a pair under hi  bed and, after pulling a  pider off one of them, put them on. Harry wa  u ed to  pider , becau e the cupboard under the  tair  wa  full of them, and that wa  where he  lept. When he wa  dre ed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table wa  almo t hidden beneath all Dudley’  birthday pre ent . It looked a  though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the  econd televi ion and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike wa  a my tery to Harry, a  Dudley wa  very fat and hated exerci e — unle  of cour e it involved punching  omebody. Dudley’  favorite punching bag wa  Harry, but he couldn’t often catch him. Harry didn’t look it, but he wa  very fa t. Perhap  it had  omething to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had alway  been  mall and  kinny for hi  age. He looked even  maller and  kinnier than he really wa  becau e all he had to wear were old clothe  of Dudley’ , and Dudley wa  about four time  bigger than he wa . Harry had a thin face, knobbly knee , black hair, and bright green eye . He wore round gla e  held together with a lot of Scotch tape becau e of all the time  Dudley had punched him on the no e. The only thing Harry liked about hi  own appearance wa  a very thin  car on hi  forehead that wa   haped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it a  long a  he could remember, and the fir t que tion he could ever remember a king hi  Aunt Petunia wa  how he had gotten it. “In the car cra h when your parent  died,”  he had  aid. “And don’t a k que tion .” Don’t a k que tion  — that wa  the fir t rule for a quiet life with the Dur ley . Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen a  Harry wa  turning over the bacon. “Comb your hair!” he barked, by way of a morning greeting. About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of hi  new paper and  houted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry mu t have had more haircut  than the re t of the boy  in hi  cla  put together, but it made no difference, hi  hair  imply grew that way — all over the place. Harry wa  frying egg  by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with hi  mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck,  mall, watery blue eye , and thick blond hair that lay  moothly on hi  thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often  aid that Dudley looked like a baby angel — Harry often  aid that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig. Harry put the plate  of egg and bacon on the table, which wa  difficult a  there wa n’t much room. Dudley, meanwhile, wa  counting hi  pre ent . Hi  face fell. “Thirty- ix,” he  aid, looking up at hi  mother and father. “That’  two le  than la t year.” “Darling, you haven’t counted Auntie Marge’  pre ent,  ee, it’  here under thi  big one from Mummy and Daddy.” “All right, thirty- even then,”  aid Dudley, going red in the face. Harry, who could  ee a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down hi  bacon a  fa t a  po ible in ca e Dudley turned the table over. Aunt Petunia obviou ly  cented danger, too, becau e  he  aid quickly, “And we’ll buy you another two pre ent  while we’re out today. How’  that, popkin? Two more pre ent . I  that all right” Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he  aid  lowly, “So I’ll have thirty...thirty...” “Thirty-nine,  weetum ,”  aid Aunt Petunia. “Oh.” Dudley  at down heavily and grabbed the neare t parcel. “All right then.” Uncle Vernon chuckled. “Little tyke want  hi  money’  worth, ju t like hi  father. ’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’  hair. At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to an wer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane,  ixteen new computer game , and a VCR. He wa  ripping the paper off a gold wri twatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. “Bad new , Vernon,”  he  aid. “Mr . Figg’  broken her leg. She can’t take him.” She jerked her head in Harry’  direction. Dudley’  mouth fell open in horror, but Harry’  heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudley’  birthday, hi  parent  took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure park , hamburger re taurant , or the movie . Every year, Harry wa  left behind with Mr . Figg, a mad old lady who lived two  treet  away. Harry hated it there. The whole hou e  melled of cabbage and Mr . Figg made him look at photograph  of all the cat   he’d ever owned. “Now what?”  aid Aunt Petunia, looking furiou ly at Harry a  though he’d planned thi . Harry knew he ought to feel  orry that Mr . Figg had broken her leg, but it wa n’t ea y when he reminded him elf it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibble , Snowy, Mr. Paw , and Tufty again. “We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon  ugge ted. “Don’t be  illy, Vernon,  he hate  the boy.” The Dur ley  often  poke about Harry like thi , a  though he wa n’t there — or rather, a  though he wa   omething very na ty that couldn’t under tand them, like a  lug. “What about what’ -her-name, your friend — Yvonne?” “On vacation in Majorca,”  napped Aunt Petunia. “You could ju t leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on televi ion for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’  computer). Aunt Petunia looked a  though  he’d ju t  wallowed a lemon. “And come back and find the hou e in ruin ?”  he  narled. “I won’t blow up the hou e,”  aid Harry, but they weren’t li tening. “I  uppo e we could take him to the zoo,”  aid Aunt Petunia  lowly, “…and leave him in the car.…” “That car’  new, he’  not  itting in it alone.…” Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wa n’t really crying — it had been year   ince he’d really cried — but he knew that if he  crewed up hi  face and wailed, hi  mother would give him anything he wanted. “Dinky Duddydum , don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him  poil your  pecial day!”  he cried, flinging her arm  around him. “I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend  ob . “He alway   p- poil  everything!” He  hot Harry a na ty grin through the gap in hi  mother’  arm . Ju t then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!”  aid Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’  be t friend, Pier  Polki , walked in with hi  mother. Pier  wa  a  crawny boy with a face like a rat. He wa  u ually the one who held people’  arm  behind their back  while Dudley hit them. Dudley  topped pretending to cry at once. Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn’t believe hi  luck, wa   itting in the back of the Dur ley ’ car with Pier  and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the fir t time in hi  life. Hi  aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything el e to do with him, but before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry a ide. “I’m warning you,” he had  aid, putting hi  large purple face right up clo e to Harry’ , “I’m warning you now, boy — any funny bu ine , anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until Chri tma .” “I’m not going to do anything,”  aid Harry, “hone tly…” But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him. No one ever did. The problem wa ,  trange thing  often happened around Harry and it wa  ju t no good telling the Dur ley  he didn’t make them happen. Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barber  looking a  though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen  ci or  and cut hi  hair  o  hort he wa  almo t bald except for hi  bang , which  he left “to hide that horrible  car.” Dudley had laughed him elf  illy at Harry, who  pent a  leeple  night imagining  chool the next day, where he wa  already laughed at for hi  baggy clothe  and taped gla e . Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find hi  hair exactly a  it had been before Aunt Petunia had  heared it off He had been given a week in hi  cupboard for thi , even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back  o quickly. Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old  weater of Dudley’  (brown with orange puff ball ). The harder  he tried to pull it over hi  head, the  maller it  eemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn’t fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decided it mu t have  hrunk in the wa h and, to hi  great relief, Harry wa n’t puni hed. On the other hand, he’d gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the  chool kitchen . Dudley’  gang had been cha ing him a  u ual when, a  much to Harry’   urpri e a  anyone el e’ , there he wa   itting on the chimney. The Dur ley  had received a very angry letter from Harry’  headmi tre  telling them Harry had been climbing  chool building . But all he’d tried to do (a  he  houted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of hi  cupboard) wa  jump behind the big tra h can  out ide the kitchen door . Harry  uppo ed that the wind mu t have caught him in mid-jump. But today, nothing wa  going to go wrong. It wa  even worth being with Dudley and Pier  to be  pending the day  omewhere that wa n’t  chool, hi  cupboard, or Mr . Figg’  cabbage- melling living room. While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about thing : people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were ju t a few of hi  favorite  ubject . Thi  morning, it wa  motorcycle . “…roaring along like maniac , the young hoodlum ,” he  aid, a  a motorcycle overtook them. “I had a dream about a motorcycle,”  aid Harry, remembering  uddenly. “It wa  flying.” Uncle Vernon nearly cra hed into the car in front. He turned right around in hi   eat and yelled at Harry, hi  face like a gigantic beet with a mu tache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!” Dudley and Pier   niggered. “I know they don’t,”  aid Harry. “It wa  only a dream.” But he wi hed he hadn’t  aid anything. If there wa  one thing the Dur ley  hated even more than hi  a king que tion , it wa  hi  talking about anything acting in a way it  houldn’t, no matter if it wa  in a dream or even a cartoon — they  eemed to think he might get dangerou  idea . It wa  a very  unny Saturday and the zoo wa  crowded with familie . The Dur ley  bought Dudley and Pier  large chocolate ice cream  at the entrance and then, becau e the  miling lady in the van had a ked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wa n’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it a  they watched a gorilla  cratching it  head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wa n’t blond. Harry had the be t morning he’d had in a long time. He wa  careful to walk a little way apart from the Dur ley   o that Dudley and Pier , who were  tarting to get bored with the animal  by lunchtime, wouldn’t fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo re taurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum becau e hi  knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry wa  allowed to fini h the fir t. Harry felt, afterward, that he  hould have known it wa  all too good to la t. After lunch they went to the reptile hou e. It wa  cool and dark in there, with lit window  all along the wall . Behind the gla , all  ort  of lizard  and  nake  were crawling and  lithering over bit  of wood and  tone. Dudley and Pier  wanted to  ee huge, poi onou  cobra  and thick, man-cru hing python . Dudley quickly found the large t  nake in the place. It could have wrapped it  body twice around Uncle Vernon’  car and cru hed it into a tra h can — but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood. In fact, it wa  fa t a leep. Dudley  tood with hi  no e pre ed again t the gla ,  taring at the gli tening brown coil . “Make it move,” he whined at hi  father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the gla , but the  nake didn’t budge. “Do it again,” Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the gla   martly with hi  knuckle , but the  nake ju t  noozed on. “Thi  i  boring,” Dudley moaned. He  huffled away. Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the  nake. He wouldn’t have been  urpri ed if it had died of boredom it elf — no company except  tupid people drumming their finger  on the gla  trying to di turb it all day long. It wa  wor e than having a cupboard a  a bedroom, where the only vi itor wa  Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at lea t he got to vi it the re t of the hou e. The  nake  uddenly opened it  beady eye . Slowly, very  lowly, it rai ed it  head until it  eye  were on a level with Harry’ . It winked. Harry  tared. Then he looked quickly around to  ee if anyone wa  watching. They weren’t. He looked back at the  nake and winked, too. The  nake jerked it  head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then rai ed it  eye  to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that  aid quite plainly: “I get that all the time.” “I know,” Harry murmured through the gla , though he wa n’t  ure the  nake could hear him. “It mu t be really annoying.” The  nake nodded vigorou ly. “Where do you come from, anyway?” Harry a ked. The  nake jabbed it  tail at a little  ign next to the gla . Harry peered at it. Boa Con trictor, Brazil. “Wa  it nice there?” The boa con trictor jabbed it  tail at the  ign again and Harry read on: Thi   pecimen wa  bred in the zoo. “Oh, I  ee —  o you’ve never been to Brazil?” A  the  nake  hook it  head, a deafening  hout behind Harry made both of them jump. “DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT IT’S DOING!” Dudley came waddling toward them a  fa t a  he could. “Out of the way, you,” he  aid, punching Harry in the rib . Caught by  urpri e, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened  o fa t no one  aw how it happened — one  econd, Pier  and Dudley were leaning right up clo e to the gla , the next, they had leapt back with howl  of horror. Harry  at up and ga ped; the gla  front of the boa con trictor’  tank had vani hed. The great  nake wa  uncoiling it elf rapidly,  lithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile hou e  creamed and  tarted running for the exit . A  the  nake  lid  wiftly pa t him, Harry could have  worn a low, hi ing voice  aid, “Brazil, here I come.… Thank , amigo.” The keeper of the reptile hou e wa  in  hock. “But the gla ,” he kept  aying, “where did the gla  go?” The zoo director him elf made Aunt Petunia a cup of  trong,  weet tea while he apologized over and over again. Pier  and Dudley could only gibber. A  far a  Harry had  een, the  nake hadn’t done anything except  nap playfully at their heel  a  it pa ed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon’  car, Dudley wa  telling them how it had nearly bitten off hi  leg, while Pier  wa   wearing it had tried to  queeze him to death. But wor t of all, for Harry at lea t, wa  Pier  calming down enough to  ay, “Harry wa  talking to it, weren’t you, Harry?” Uncle Vernon waited until Pier  wa   afely out of the hou e before  tarting on Harry. He wa   o angry he could hardly  peak. He managed to  ay, “Go — cupboard —  tay — no meal ,” before he collap ed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. Harry lay in hi  dark cupboard much later, wi hing he had a watch. He didn’t know what time it wa  and he couldn’t be  ure the Dur ley  were a leep yet. Until they were, he couldn’t ri k  neaking to the kitchen for  ome food. He’d lived with the Dur ley  almo t ten year , ten mi erable year , a  long a  he could remember, ever  ince he’d been a baby and hi  parent  had died in that car cra h. He couldn’t remember being in the car when hi  parent  had died. Sometime , when he  trained hi  memory during long hour  in hi  cupboard, he came up with a  trange vi ion: a blinding fla h of green light and a burning pain on hi  forehead. Thi , he  uppo ed, wa  the cra h, though he couldn’t imagine where all the green light came from. He couldn’t remember hi  parent  at all. Hi  aunt and uncle never  poke about them, and of cour e he wa  forbidden to a k que tion . There were no photograph  of them in the hou e. When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of  ome unknown relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the Dur ley  were hi  only family. Yet  ometime  he thought (or maybe hoped) that  tranger  in the  treet  eemed to know him. Very  trange  tranger  they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out  hopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After a king Harry furiou ly if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had ru hed them out of the  hop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dre ed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bu . A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually  haken hi  hand in the  treet the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirde t thing about all the e people wa  the way they  eemed to vani h the  econd Harry tried to get a clo er look. At  chool, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley’  gang hated that odd Harry Potter in hi  baggy old clothe  and broken gla e , and nobody liked to di agree with Dudley’  gang. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER THREE LETTERS FROM NO ONE T he e cape of the Brazilian boa con trictor earned Harry hi  longe t-ever puni hment. By the time he wa  allowed out of hi  cupboard again, the  ummer holiday  had  tarted and Dudley had already broken hi  new video camera, cra hed hi  remote control airplane, and, fir t time out on hi  racing bike, knocked down old Mr . Figg a   he cro ed Privet Drive on her crutche . Harry wa  glad  chool wa  over, but there wa  no e caping Dudley’  gang, who vi ited the hou e every  ingle day. Pier , Denni , Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and  tupid, but a  Dudley wa  the bigge t and  tupide t of the lot, he wa  the leader. The re t of them were all quite happy to join in Dudley’  favorite  port: Harry Hunting. Thi  wa  why Harry  pent a  much time a  po ible out of the hou e, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holiday , where he could  ee a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to  econdary  chool and, for the fir t time in hi  life, he wouldn’t be with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon’  old private  chool, Smelting . Pier  Polki  wa  going there too. Harry, on the other hand, wa  going to Stonewall High, the local public  chool. Dudley thought thi  wa  very funny. “They  tuff people’  head  down the toilet the fir t day at Stonewall,” he told Harry. “Want to come up tair  and practice?” “No, thank ,”  aid Harry. “The poor toilet’  never had anything a  horrible a  your head down it — it might be  ick.” Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he’d  aid. One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy hi  Smelting  uniform, leaving Harry at Mr . Figg’ . Mr . Figg wa n’t a  bad a  u ual. It turned out  he’d broken her leg tripping over one of her cat , and  he didn’t  eem quite a  fond of them a  before. She let Harry watch televi ion and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that ta ted a  though  he’d had it for  everal year . That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in hi  brand-new uniform. Smelting ’ boy  wore maroon tailcoat , orange knickerbocker , and flat  traw hat  called boater . They al o carried knobbly  tick , u ed for hitting each other while the teacher  weren’t looking. Thi  wa   uppo ed to be good training for later life. A  he looked at Dudley in hi  new knickerbocker , Uncle Vernon  aid gruffly that it wa  the proude t moment of hi  life. Aunt Petunia bur t into tear  and  aid  he couldn’t believe it wa  her Ickle Dudleykin , he looked  o hand ome and grown-up. Harry didn’t tru t him elf to  peak. He thought two of hi  rib  might already have cracked from trying not to laugh. * * * There wa  a horrible  mell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfa t. It  eemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the  ink. He went to have a look. The tub wa  full of what looked like dirty rag   wimming in gray water. “What’  thi ?” he a ked Aunt Petunia. Her lip  tightened a  they alway  did if he dared to a k a que tion. “Your new  chool uniform,”  he  aid. Harry looked in the bowl again. “Oh,” he  aid, “I didn’t realize it had to be  o wet.” “Don’t be  tupid,”  napped Aunt Petunia. “I’m dyeing  ome of Dudley’  old thing  gray for you. It’ll look ju t like everyone el e’  when I’ve fini hed.” Harry  eriou ly doubted thi , but thought it be t not to argue. He  at down at the table and tried not to think about how he wa  going to look on hi  fir t day at Stonewall High — like he wa  wearing bit  of old elephant  kin, probably. Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled no e  becau e of the  mell from Harry’  new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened hi  new paper a  u ual and Dudley banged hi  Smelting  tick, which he carried everywhere, on the table. They heard the click of the mail  lot and flop of letter  on the doormat. “Get the mail, Dudley,”  aid Uncle Vernon from behind hi  paper. “Make Harry get it.” “Get the mail, Harry.” “Make Dudley get it.” “Poke him with your Smelting  tick, Dudley.” Harry dodged the Smelting  tick and went to get the mail. Three thing  lay on the doormat: a po tcard from Uncle Vernon’   i ter Marge, who wa  vacationing on the I le of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and — a letter for Harry. Harry picked it up and  tared at it, hi  heart twanging like a giant ela tic band. No one, ever, in hi  whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friend , no other relative  — he didn’t belong to the library,  o he’d never even got rude note  a king for book  back. Yet here it wa , a letter, addre ed  o plainly there could be no mi take: Mr. H. Potter The Cupboard under the Stair  4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey The envelope wa  thick and heavy, made of yellowi h parchment, and the addre  wa  written in emerald-green ink. There wa  no  tamp. Turning the envelope over, hi  hand trembling, Harry  aw a purple wax  eal bearing a coat of arm ; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a  nake  urrounding a large letter H. “Hurry up, boy!”  houted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. “What are you doing, checking for letter bomb ?” He chuckled at hi  own joke. Harry went back to the kitchen,  till  taring at hi  letter. He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the po tcard,  at down, and  lowly began to open the yellow envelope. Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill,  norted in di gu t, and flipped over the po tcard. “Marge’  ill,” he informed Aunt Petunia. “Ate a funny whelk.…” “Dad!”  aid Dudley  uddenly. “Dad, Harry’  got  omething!” Harry wa  on the point of unfolding hi  letter, which wa  written on the  ame heavy parchment a  the envelope, when it wa  jerked  harply out of hi  hand by Uncle Vernon. “That’  mine!”  aid Harry, trying to  natch it back. “Who’d be writing to you?”  neered Uncle Vernon,  haking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. Hi  face went from red to green fa ter than a  et of traffic light . And it didn’t  top there. Within  econd  it wa  the grayi h white of old porridge. “P-P-Petunia!” he ga ped. Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of hi  reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiou ly and read the fir t line. For a moment it looked a  though  he might faint. She clutched her throat and made a choking noi e. “Vernon! Oh my goodne  — Vernon!” They  tared at each other,  eeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were  till in the room. Dudley wa n’t u ed to being ignored. He gave hi  father a  harp tap on the head with hi  Smelting  tick. “I want to read that letter,” he  aid loudly. “I want to read it,”  aid Harry furiou ly, “a  it’  mine.” “Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon,  tuffing the letter back in ide it  envelope. Harry didn’t move. “I WANT MY LETTER!” he  houted. “Let me  ee it!” demanded Dudley. “OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the  cruff  of their neck  and threw them into the hall,  lamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furiou  but  ilent fight over who would li ten at the keyhole; Dudley won,  o Harry, hi  gla e  dangling from one ear, lay flat on hi   tomach to li ten at the crack between door and floor. “Vernon,” Aunt Petunia wa   aying in a quivering voice, “look at the addre  — how could they po ibly know where he  leep ? You don’t think they’re watching the hou e?” “Watching —  pying — might be following u ,” muttered Uncle Vernon wildly. “But what  hould we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don’t want —” Harry could  ee Uncle Vernon’   hiny black  hoe  pacing up and down the kitchen. “No,” he  aid finally. “No, we’ll ignore it. If they don’t get an an wer…Ye , that’  be t…we won’t do anything…” “But —” “I’m not having one in the hou e, Petunia! Didn’t we  wear when we took him in we’d  tamp out that dangerou  non en e?” That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did  omething he’d never done before; he vi ited Harry in hi  cupboard. “Where’  my letter?”  aid Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had  queezed through the door. “Who’  writing to me?” “No one. It wa  addre ed to you by mi take,”  aid Uncle Vernon  hortly. “I have burned it.” “It wa  not a mi take,”  aid Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.” “SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of  pider  fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep breath  and then forced hi  face into a  mile, which looked quite painful. “Er — ye , Harry — about thi  cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinking…you’re really getting a bit big for it…we think it might be nice if you moved into Dudley’   econd bedroom. “Why?”  aid Harry. “Don’t a k que tion !”  napped hi  uncle. “Take thi   tuff up tair , now.” The Dur ley ’ hou e had four bedroom : one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for vi itor  (u ually Uncle Vernon’   i ter, Marge), one where Dudley  lept, and one where Dudley kept all the toy  and thing  that wouldn’t fit into hi  fir t bedroom. It only took Harry one trip up tair  to move everything he owned from the cupboard to thi  room. He  at down on the bed and  tared around him. Nearly everything in here wa  broken. The month-old video camera wa  lying on top of a  mall, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor’  dog; in the corner wa  Dudley’  fir t-ever televi ion  et, which he’d put hi  foot through when hi  favorite program had been canceled; there wa  a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had  wapped at  chool for a real air rifle, which wa  up on a  helf with the end all bent becau e Dudley had  at on it. Other  helve  were full of book . They were the only thing  in the room that looked a  though they’d never been touched. From down tair  came the  ound of Dudley bawling at hi  mother, I don’t want him in there…I need that room…make him get out...” Harry  ighed and  tretched out on the bed. Ye terday he’d have given anything to be up here. Today he’d rather be back in hi  cupboard with that letter than up here without it. Next morning at breakfa t, everyone wa  rather quiet. Dudley wa  in  hock. He’d  creamed, whacked hi  father with hi  Smelting  tick, been  ick on purpo e, kicked hi  mother, and thrown hi  tortoi e through the greenhou e roof, and he  till didn’t have hi  room back. Harry wa  thinking about thi  time ye terday and bitterly wi hing he’d opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly. When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who  eemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging thing  with hi  Smelting  tick all the way down the hall. Then he  houted, “There’  another one! ‘Mr. H. Potter, The Smalle t Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’” With a  trangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from hi   eat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wre tle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which wa  made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confu ed fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting  tick, Uncle Vernon  traightened up, ga ping for breath, with Harry’  letter clutched in hi  hand. “Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry. “Dudley — go — ju t go.” Harry walked round and round hi  new room. Someone knew he had moved out of hi  cupboard and they  eemed to know he hadn’t received hi  fir t letter. Surely that meant they’d try again? And thi  time he’d make  ure they didn’t fail. He had a plan. The repaired alarm clock rang at  ix o’clock the next morning. Harry turned it off quickly and dre ed  ilently. He mu tn’t wake the Dur ley . He  tole down tair  without turning on any of the light . He wa  going to wait for the po tman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letter  for number four fir t. Hi  heart hammered a  he crept acro  the dark hall toward the front door — “AAAAARRRGH!” Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on  omething big and  qua hy on the doormat —  omething alive! Light  clicked on up tair  and to hi  horror Harry realized that the big,  qua hy  omething had been hi  uncle’  face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a  leeping bag, clearly making  ure that Harry didn’t do exactly what he’d been trying to do. He  houted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry  huffled mi erably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon’  lap. Harry could  ee three letter  addre ed in green ink. “I want —” he began, but Uncle Vernon wa  tearing the letter  into piece  before hi  eye . Uncle Vernon didn’t go to work that day. He  tayed at home and nailed up the mail  lot. “See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nail , “if they can’t deliver them they’ll ju t give up.” “I’m not  ure that’ll work, Vernon.” “Oh, the e people’  mind  work in  trange way , Petunia, they’re not like you and me,”  aid Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had ju t brought him. On Friday, no le  than twelve letter  arrived for Harry. A  they couldn’t go through the mail  lot they had been pu hed under the door,  lotted through the  ide , and a few even forced through the  mall window in the down tair  bathroom. Uncle Vernon  tayed at home again. After burning all the letter , he got out a hammer and nail  and boarded up the crack  around the front and back door   o no one could go out. He hummed “Tiptoe Through the Tulip ” a  he worked, and jumped at  mall noi e . On Saturday, thing  began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letter  to Harry found their way into the hou e, rolled up and hidden in ide each of the two dozen egg  that their very confu ed milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furiou  telephone call  to the po t office and the dairy trying to find  omeone to complain to, Aunt Petunia  hredded the letter  in her food proce or. “Who on earth want  to talk to you thi  badly?” Dudley a ked Harry in amazement. * * * On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon  at down at the breakfa t table looking tired and rather ill, but happy. “No po t on Sunday ,” he reminded them cheerfully a  he  pread marmalade on hi  new paper , “no damn letter  today —” Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney a  he  poke and caught him  harply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letter  came pelting out of the fireplace like bullet . The Dur ley  ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one — “Out! OUT!” Uncle Vernon  eized Harry around the wai t and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arm  over their face , Uncle Vernon  lammed the door  hut. They could hear the letter   till  treaming into the room, bouncing off the wall  and floor. “That doe  it,”  aid Uncle Vernon, trying to  peak calmly but pulling great tuft  out of hi  mu tache at the  ame time. “I want you all back here in five minute  ready to leave. We’re going away. Ju t pack  ome clothe . No argument !” He looked  o dangerou  with half hi  mu tache mi ing that no one dared argue. Ten minute  later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up door  and were in the car,  peeding toward the highway. Dudley wa   niffling in the back  eat; hi  father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack hi  televi ion, VCR, and computer in hi   port  bag. They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn’t dare a k where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a  harp turn and drive in the oppo ite direction for a while. “Shake ’em off… hake ’em off,” he would mutter whenever he did thi . They didn’t  top to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley wa  howling. He’d never had  uch a bad day in hi  life. He wa  hungry, he’d mi ed five televi ion program  he’d wanted to  ee, and he’d never gone  o long without blowing up an alien on hi  computer. Uncle Vernon  topped at la t out ide a gloomy-looking hotel on the out kirt  of a big city. Dudley and Harry  hared a room with twin bed  and damp, mu ty  heet . Dudley  nored but Harry  tayed awake,  itting on the window ill,  taring down at the light  of pa ing car  and wondering.… They ate  tale cornflake  and cold tinned tomatoe  on toa t for breakfa t the next day. They had ju t fini hed when the owner of the hotel came over to their table. “’Scu e me, but i  one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an ’undred of the e at the front de k.” She held up a letter  o they could read the green ink addre : Mr. H. Potter Room 17 Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked hi  hand out of the way. The woman  tared. “I’ll take them,”  aid Uncle Vernon,  tanding up quickly and following her from the dining room. * * * “Wouldn’t it be better ju t to go home, dear?” Aunt Petunia  ugge ted timidly, hour  later, but Uncle Vernon didn’t  eem to hear her. Exactly what he wa  looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a fore t, got out, looked around,  hook hi  head, got back in the car, and off they went again. The  ame thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway acro  a  u pen ion bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage. “Daddy’  gone mad, ha n’t he?” Dudley a ked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coa t, locked them all in ide the car, and di appeared. It  tarted to rain. Great drop  beat on the roof of the car. Dudley  niveled. “It’  Monday,” he told hi  mother. “The Great Humberto’  on tonight. I want to  tay  omewhere with a televi ion.” Monday. Thi  reminded Harry of  omething. If it wa  Monday — and you could u ually count on Dudley to know the day  the week, becau e of televi ion — then tomorrow, Tue day, wa  Harry’  eleventh birthday. Of cour e, hi  birthday  were never exactly fun — la t year, the Dur ley  had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon’  old  ock . Still, you weren’t eleven every day. Uncle Vernon wa  back and he wa   miling. He wa  al o carrying a long, thin package and didn’t an wer Aunt Petunia when  he a ked what he’d bought. “Found the perfect place!” he  aid. “Come on! Everyone out!” It wa  very cold out ide the car. Uncle Vernon wa  pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at  ea. Perched on top of the rock wa  the mo t mi erable little  hack you could imagine. One thing wa  certain, there wa  no televi ion in there. “Storm foreca t for tonight!”  aid Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping hi  hand  together. “And thi  gentleman’  kindly agreed to lend u  hi  boat!” A toothle  old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them. “I’ve already got u   ome ration ,”  aid Uncle Vernon, “ o all aboard!” It wa  freezing in the boat. Icy  ea  pray and rain crept down their neck  and a chilly wind whipped their face . After what  eemed like hour  they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon,  lipping and  liding, led the way to the broken-down hou e. The in ide wa  horrible; it  melled  trongly of  eaweed, the wind whi tled through the gap  in the wooden wall , and the fireplace wa  damp and empty. There were only two room . Uncle Vernon’  ration  turned out to be a bag of chip  each and four banana . He tried to  tart a fire but the empty chip bag  ju t  moked and  hriveled up. “Could do with  ome of tho e letter  now, eh?” he  aid cheerfully. He wa  in a very good mood. Obviou ly he thought nobody  tood a chance of reaching them here in a  torm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn’t cheer him up at all. A  night fell, the promi ed  torm blew up around them. Spray from the high wave   plattered the wall  of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy window . Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blanket  in the  econd room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten  ofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry wa  left to find the  ofte t bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinne t, mo t ragged blanket. The  torm raged more and more ferociou ly a  the night went on. Harry couldn’t  leep. He  hivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, hi   tomach rumbling with hunger. Dudley’   nore  were drowned by the low roll  of thunder that  tarted near midnight. The lighted dial of Dudley’  watch, which wa  dangling over the edge of the  ofa on hi  fat wri t, told Harry he’d be eleven in ten minute ’ time. He lay and watched hi  birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dur ley  would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer wa  now. Five minute  to go. Harry heard  omething creak out ide. He hoped the roof wa n’t going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minute  to go. Maybe the hou e in Privet Drive would be  o full of letter  when they got back that he’d be able to  teal one  omehow. Three minute  to go. Wa  that the  ea,  lapping hard on the rock like that? And (two minute  to go) what wa  that funny crunching noi e? Wa  the rock crumbling into the  ea? One minute to go and he’d be eleven. Thirty  econd ...twenty…ten…nine — maybe he’d wake Dudley up, ju t to annoy him — three…two…one… BOOM. The whole  hack  hivered and Harry  at bolt upright,  taring at the door. Someone wa  out ide, knocking to come in. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER FOUR THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS B OOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. “Where’  the cannon?” he  aid  tupidly. There wa  a cra h behind them and Uncle Vernon came  kidding into the room. He wa  holding a rifle in hi  hand  – now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them. “Who’  there?” he  houted. “I warn you — I’m armed!” There wa  a pau e. Then — SMASH! The door wa  hit with  uch force that it  wung clean off it  hinge  and with a deafening cra h landed flat on the floor. A giant of a man wa   tanding in the doorway. Hi  face wa  almo t completely hidden by a long,  haggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out hi  eye , glinting like black beetle  under all the hair. The giant  queezed hi  way into the hut,  tooping  o that hi  head ju t bru hed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it ea ily back into it  frame. The noi e of the  torm out ide dropped a little. He turned to look at them all. “Couldn’t make u  a cup o’ tea, could yeh? It’  not been an ea y journey.…” He  trode over to the  ofa where Dudley  at frozen with fear. “Budge up, yeh great lump,”  aid the  tranger. Dudley  queaked and ran to hide behind hi  mother, who wa  crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon. “An’ here’  Harry!”  aid the giant. Harry looked up into the fierce, wild,  hadowy face and  aw that the beetle eye  were crinkled in a  mile. “La ’ time I  aw you, you wa  only a baby,”  aid the giant. “Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yeh’ve got yer mom’  eye .” Uncle Vernon made a funny ra ping noi e. “I demand that you leave at once,  ir!” he  aid. “You are breaking and entering!” “Ah,  hut up, Dur ley, yeh great prune,”  aid the giant; he reached over the back of the  ofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’  hand , bent it into a knot a  ea ily a  if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room. Uncle Vernon made another funny noi e, like a mou e being trodden on. “Anyway — Harry,”  aid the giant, turning hi  back on the Dur ley , “a very happy birthday to yeh. Got  ummat fer yeh here — I mighta  at on it at  ome point, but it’ll ta te all right.” From an in ide pocket of hi  black overcoat he pulled a  lightly  qua hed box. Harry opened it with trembling finger . In ide wa  a large,  ticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing. Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to  ay thank you, but the word  got lo t on the way to hi  mouth, and what he  aid in tead wa , “Who are you?” The giant chuckled. “True, I haven’t introduced me elf. Rubeu  Hagrid, Keeper of Key  and Ground  at Hogwart .” He held out an enormou  hand and  hook Harry’  whole arm. “What about that tea then, eh?” he  aid, rubbing hi  hand  together. “I’d not  ay no ter  ummat  tronger if yeh’ve got it, mind.” Hi  eye  fell on the empty grate with the  hriveled chip bag  in it and he  norted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn’t  ee what he wa  doing but when he drew back a  econd later, there wa  a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wa h over him a  though he’d  unk into a hot bath. The giant  at back down on the  ofa, which  agged under hi  weight, and began taking all  ort  of thing  out of the pocket  of hi  coat: a copper kettle, a  qua hy package of  au age , a poker, a teapot,  everal chipped mug , and a bottle of  ome amber liquid that he took a  wig from before  tarting to make tea. Soon the hut wa  full of the  ound and  mell of  izzling  au age. Nobody  aid a thing while the giant wa  working, but a  he  lid the fir t  ix fat, juicy,  lightly burnt  au age  from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon  aid  harply, “Don’t touch anything he give  you, Dudley.” The giant chuckled darkly. “Yer great puddin’ of a  on don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dur ley, don’ worry.” He pa ed the  au age  to Harry, who wa   o hungry he had never ta ted anything  o wonderful, but he  till couldn’t take hi  eye  off the giant. Finally, a  nobody  eemed about to explain anything, he  aid, “I’m  orry, but I  till don’t really know who you are.” The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped hi  mouth with the back of hi  hand. “Call me Hagrid,” he  aid, “everyone doe . An’ like I told yeh, I’m Keeper of Key  at Hogwart  — yeh’ll know all about Hogwart , o’ cour e. “Er — no,”  aid Harry. Hagrid looked  hocked. “Sorry,” Harry  aid quickly. “Sorry?” barked Hagrid, turning to  tare at the Dur ley , who  hrank back into the  hadow . “It’  them a   hould be  orry! I knew yeh weren’t gettin’ yer letter  but I never thought yeh wouldn’t even know abou’ Hogwart , fer cryin’ out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yer parent  learned it all?” “All what?” a ked Harry. “ALL WHAT?” Hagrid thundered. “Now wait ju ’ one  econd!” He had leapt to hi  feet. In hi  anger he  eemed to fill the whole hut. The Dur ley  were cowering again t the wall. “Do you mean ter tell me,” he growled at the Dur ley , “that thi  boy — thi  boy! — know  nothin’ abou’ — about ANYTHING?” Harry thought thi  wa  going a bit far. He had been to  chool, after all, and hi  mark  weren’t bad. “I know  ome thing ,” he  aid. “I can, you know, do math and  tuff.” But Hagrid  imply waved hi  hand and  aid, “About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parent ’ world.” “What world?” Hagrid looked a  if he wa  about to explode. “DURSLEY!” he boomed. Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whi pered  omething that  ounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid  tared wildly at Harry. “But yeh mu t know about yer mom and dad,” he  aid. “I mean, they’re famou . You’re famou .” “What? My — my mom and dad weren’t famou , were they?” “Yeh don’ know...yeh don’ know....” Hagrid ran hi  finger  through hi  hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered  tare. “Yeh don’ know what yeh are?” he  aid finally. Uncle Vernon  uddenly found hi  voice. “Stop!” he commanded. “Stop right there,  ir! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!” A braver man than Vernon Dur ley would have quailed under the furiou  look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid  poke, hi  every  yllable trembled with rage. “You never told him? Never told him what wa  in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I wa  there! I  aw Dumbledore leave it, Dur ley! An’ you’ve kept it from him all the e year ?” “Kept what from me?”  aid Harry eagerly. “STOP! I FORBID YOU!” yelled Uncle Vernon in panic. Aunt Petunia gave a ga p of horror. “Ah, go boil yer head , both of yeh,”  aid Hagrid. “Harry — yer a wizard.” There wa   ilence in ide the hut. Only the  ea and the whi tling wind could be heard. “I’m a what?” ga ped Harry. “A wizard, o’ cour e,”  aid Hagrid,  itting back down on the  ofa, which groaned and  ank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d  ay, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit. With a mum an’ dad like your , what el e would yeh be? An’ I reckon it’  abou’ time yeh read yer letter.” Harry  tretched out hi  hand at la t to take the yellowi h envelope, addre ed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headma ter: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, Fir t Cla , Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizard ) Dear Mr. Potter, We are plea ed to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Plea e find enclo ed a li t of all nece ary book  and equipment. Term begin  on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Your   incerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmi tre  Que tion  exploded in ide Harry’  head like firework  and he couldn’t decide which to a k fir t. After a few minute  he  tammered, “What doe  it mean, they await my owl?” “Gallopin’ Gorgon , that remind  me,”  aid Hagrid, clapping a hand to hi  forehead with enough force to knock over a cart hor e, and from yet another pocket in ide hi  overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment. With hi  tongue between hi  teeth he  cribbled a note that Harry could read up ide down: Dear Profe or Dumbledore, Given Harry hi  letter. Taking him to buy hi  thing  tomorrow. Weather’  horrible. Hope you’re well. Hagrid Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in it  beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the  torm. Then he came back and  at down a  though thi  wa  a  normal a  talking on the telephone. Harry realized hi  mouth wa  open and clo ed it quickly. “Where wa  I?”  aid Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon,  till a hen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight. “He’  not going,” he  aid. Hagrid grunted. “I’d like ter  ee a great Muggle like you  top him,” he  aid. “A what?”  aid Harry, intere ted. “A Muggle,”  aid Hagrid, “it’  what we call nonmagic folk like them. An’ it’  your bad luck you grew up in a family o’ the bigge t Muggle  I ever laid eye  on.” “We  wore when we took him in we’d put a  top to that rubbi h,”  aid Uncle Vernon, “ wore we’d  tamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!” “You knew?”  aid Harry. “You knew I’m a — a wizard?” “Knew!”  hrieked Aunt Petunia  uddenly. “Knew! Of cour e we knew! How could you not be, my dratted  i ter being what  he wa ? Oh,  he got a letter ju t like that and di appeared off to that — that  chool — and came home every vacation with her pocket  full of frog  pawn, turning teacup  into rat . I wa  the only one who  aw her for what  he wa  — a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it wa  Lily thi  and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!” She  topped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It  eemed  he had been wanting to  ay all thi  for year . “Then  he met that Potter at  chool and they left and got married and had you, and of cour e I knew you’d be ju t the  ame, ju t a   trange, ju t a  — a  — abnormal — and then, if you plea e,  he went and got her elf blown up and we got landed with you!” Harry had gone very white. A   oon a  he found hi  voice he  aid, “Blown up? You told me they died in a car cra h!” “CAR CRASH!” roared Hagrid, jumping up  o angrily that the Dur ley   cuttled back to their corner. “How could a car cra h kill Lily an’ Jame  Potter? It’  an outrage! A  candal! Harry Potter not knowin’ hi  own  tory when every kid in our world know  hi  name!” “But why? What happened?” Harry a ked urgently. The anger faded from Hagrid’  face. He looked  uddenly anxiou . “I never expected thi ,” he  aid, in a low, worried voice. “I had no idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin’ hold of yeh, how much yeh didn’t know. Ah, Harry, I don’ know if I’m the right per on ter tell yeh — but  omeone’  gotta — yeh can’t go off ter Hogwart  not knowin’.” He threw a dirty look at the Dur ley . “Well, it’  be t yeh know a  much a  I can tell yeh — mind, I can’t tell yeh everythin’, it’  a great my t’ry, part  of it.…” He  at down,  tared into the fire for a few  econd , and then  aid, “It begin , I  uppo e, with — with a per on called — but it’  incredible yeh don’t know hi  name, everyone in our world know  —” “Who?” “Well — I don’ like  ayin’ the name if I can help it. No one doe .” “Why not?” “Gulpin’ gargoyle , Harry, people are  till  cared. Blimey, thi  i  difficult. See, there wa  thi  wizard who went ...bad. A  bad a  you could go. Wor e. Wor e than wor e. Hi  name wa ...” Hagrid gulped, but no word  came out. “Could you write it down?” Harry  ugge ted. “Nah — can’t  pell it. All right — Voldemort. ” Hagrid  huddered. “Don’ make me  ay it again. Anyway, thi  — thi  wizard, about twenty year  ago now,  tarted lookin’ fer follower . Got ‘em, too —  ome were afraid,  ome ju t wanted a bit o’ hi  power, ‘cau e he wa  gettin’ him elf power, all right. Dark day , Harry. Didn’t know who ter tru t, didn’t dare get friendly with  trange wizard  or witche …terrible thing  happened. He wa  takin’ over. ‘Cour e,  ome  tood up to him — an’ he killed ‘em. Horribly. One o’ the only  afe place  left wa  Hogwart . Reckon Dumbledore’  the only one You-Know-Who wa  afraid of. Didn’t dare try takin’ the  chool, not ju ’ then, anyway. “Now, yer mum an’ dad were a  good a witch an’ wizard a  I ever knew. Head boy an’ girl at Hogwart  in their day! Suppo e the my t’ry i  why You-Know-Who never tried to get ‘em on hi   ide before…probably knew they were too clo e ter Dumbledore ter want anythin’ ter do with the Dark Side. “Maybe he thought he could per uade ‘em...maybe he ju t wanted ‘em outta the way. All anyone know  i , he turned up in the village where you wa  all living, on Halloween ten year  ago. You wa  ju t a year old. He came ter yer hou e an’ — an’ —” Hagrid  uddenly pulled out a very dirty,  potted handkerchief and blew hi  no e with a  ound like a foghorn. “Sorry,” he  aid. “But it’  that  ad — knew yer mum an’ dad, an’ nicer people yeh couldn’t find — anyway…. “You-Know-Who killed ‘em. An’ then — an’ thi  i  the real my t’ry of the thing — he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I  uppo e, or maybe he ju t liked killin’ by then. But he couldn’t do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That wa  no ordinary cut. That’  what yeh get when a powerful, evil cur e touche  yeh — took care of yer mum an’ dad an’ yer hou e, even — but it didn’t work on you, an’ that’  why yer famou , Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill ’em, no one except you, an’ he’d killed  ome o’ the be t witche  an’ wizard  of the age — the McKinnon , the Bone , the Prewett  — an’ you wa  only a baby, an’ you lived.” Something very painful wa  going on in Harry’  mind. A  Hagrid’   tory came to a clo e, he  aw again the blinding fla h of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered  omething el e, for the fir t time in hi  life: a high, cold, cruel laugh. Hagrid wa  watching him  adly. “Took yeh from the ruined hou e my elf, on Dumbledore’  order . Brought yeh ter thi  lot….” “Load of old to h,”  aid Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almo t forgotten that the Dur ley  were there. Uncle Vernon certainly  eemed to have got back hi  courage. He wa  glaring at Hagrid and hi  fi t  were clenched. “Now, you li ten here, boy,” he  narled, “I accept there’   omething  trange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and a  for all thi  about your parent , well, they were weirdoe , no denying it, and the world’  better off without them in my opinion — a ked for all they got, getting mixed up with the e wizarding type  — ju t what I expected, alway  knew they’d come to a  ticky end —” But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the  ofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from in ide hi  coat. Pointing thi  at Uncle Vernon like a  word, he  aid, “I’m warning you, Dur ley — I’m warning you — one more word….” In danger of being  peared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’  courage failed again; he flattened him elf again t the wall and fell  ilent. “That’  better,”  aid Hagrid, breathing heavily and  itting back down on the  ofa, which thi  time  agged right down to the floor. Harry, meanwhile,  till had que tion  to a k, hundred  of them. “But what happened to Vol-,  orry — I mean, You-Know-Who?” “Good que tion, Harry. Di appeared. Vani hed. Same night he tried ter kill you. Make  yeh even more famou . That’  the bigge t my t’ry,  ee…he wa  gettin’ more an’ more powerful — why’d he go? “Some  ay he died. Cod wallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some  ay he’   till out there, bidin’ hi  time, like, but I don’ believe it. People who wa  on hi   ide came back ter our . Some of ‘em came outta kinda trance . Don’ reckon they could’ve done if he wa  comin’ back. “Mo t of u  reckon he’   till out there  omewhere but lo t hi  power . Too weak to carry on. ’Cau e  omethin’ about you fini hed him, Harry. There wa   omethin’ goin’ on that night he hadn’t counted on — I dunno what it wa , no one doe  — but  omethin’ about you  tumped him, all right.” Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and re pect blazing in hi  eye , but Harry, in tead of feeling plea ed and proud, felt quite  ure there had been a horrible mi take. A wizard? Him? How could he po ibly be? He’d  pent hi  life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he wa  really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toad  every time they’d tried to lock him in hi  cupboard? If he’d once defeated the greate t  orcerer in the world, how come Dudley had alway  been able to kick him around like a football? “Hagrid,” he  aid quietly, “I think you mu t have made a mi take. I don’t think I can be a wizard.” To hi   urpri e, Hagrid chuckled. “Not a wizard, eh? Never made thing  happen when you wa   cared or angry?” Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made hi  aunt and uncle furiou  with him had happened when he, Harry, had been up et or angry…cha ed by Dudley’  gang, he had  omehow found him elf out of their reach…dreading going to  chool with that ridiculou  haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very la t time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got hi  revenge, without even realizing he wa  doing it? Hadn’t he  et a boa con trictor on him? Harry looked back at Hagrid,  miling, and  aw that Hagrid wa  po itively beaming at him. “See?”  aid Hagrid. “Harry Potter, not a wizard — you wait, you’ll be right famou  at Hogwart .” But Uncle Vernon wa n’t going to give in without a fight. “Haven’t I told you he’  not going?” he hi ed. “He’  going to Stonewall High and he’ll be grateful for it. I’ve read tho e letter  and he need  all  ort  of rubbi h —  pell book  and wand  and —” “If he want  ter go, a great Muggle like you won’t  top him,” growled Hagrid. “Stop Lily an’ Jame  Potter’   on goin’ ter Hogwart ! Yer mad. Hi  name’  been down ever  ince he wa  born. He’  off ter the fine t  chool of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven year  there and he won’t know him elf. He’ll be with young ter  of hi  own  ort, fer a change, an’ he’ll be under the greate t headma ter Hogwart  ever had Albu  Dumbled—” “I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!” yelled Uncle Vernon. But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid  eized hi  umbrella and whirled it over hi  head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!” He brought the umbrella  wi hing down through the air to point at Dudley — there wa  a fla h of violet light, a  ound like a firecracker, a  harp  queal, and the next  econd, Dudley wa  dancing on the  pot with hi  hand  cla ped over hi  fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned hi  back on them, Harry  aw a curly pig’  tail poking through a hole in hi  trou er . Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he ca t one la t terrified look at Hagrid and  lammed the door behind them. Hagrid looked down at hi  umbrella and  troked hi  beard. “Shouldn’ta lo t me temper,” he  aid ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I  uppo e he wa   o much like a pig anyway there wa n’t much left ter do.” He ca t a  ideway  look at Harry under hi  bu hy eyebrow . “Be grateful if yeh didn’t mention that ter anyone at Hogwart ,” he  aid. “I’m — er — not  uppo ed ter do magic,  trictly  peakin’. I wa  allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an’ get yer letter  to yeh an’  tuff — one o’ the rea on  I wa   o keen ter take on the job.” “Why aren’t you  uppo ed to do magic?” a ked Harry. “Oh, well — I wa  at Hogwart  me elf but I — er — got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They  napped me wand in half an’ everything. But Dumbledore let me  tay on a  gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore.” “Why were you expelled?” “It’  gettin’ late and we’ve got lot  ter do tomorrow,”  aid Hagrid loudly. “Gotta get up ter town, get all yer book  an’ that.” He took off hi  thick black coat and threw it to Harry. “You can kip under that,” he  aid. “Don’ mind if it wriggle  a bit, I think I  till got a couple o’ doormice in one o’ the pocket .” HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER FIVE DIAGON ALLEY H arry woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it wa  daylight, he kept hi  eye   hut tight. “It wa  a dream, he told him elf firmly. “I dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I wa  going to a  chool for wizard . When I open my eye  I’ll be at home in my cupboard.” There wa   uddenly a loud tapping noi e. And there’  Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, hi  heart  inking. But he  till didn’t open hi  eye . It had been  uch a good dream. Tap. Tap. Tap. “All right,” Harry mumbled, “I’m getting up.” He  at up and Hagrid’  heavy coat fell off him. The hut wa  full of  unlight, the  torm wa  over, Hagrid him elf wa  a leep on the collap ed  ofa, and there wa  an owl rapping it  claw on the window, a new paper held in it  beak. Harry  crambled to hi  feet,  o happy he felt a  though a large balloon wa   welling in ide him. He went  traight to the window and jerked it open. The owl  wooped in and dropped the new paper on top of Hagrid, who didn’t wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’  coat. “Don’t do that.” Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it  napped it  beak fiercely at him and carried on  avaging the coat. “Hagrid!”  aid Harry loudly. “There’  an owl —” “Pay him,” Hagrid grunted into the  ofa. “What?” “He want  payin’ fer deliverin’ the paper. Look in the pocket .” Hagrid’  coat  eemed to be made of nothing but pocket  — bunche  of key ,  lug pellet , ball  of  tring, peppermint humbug , teabag ...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of  trange-looking coin . “Give him five Knut ,”  aid Hagrid  leepily. “Knut ?” “The little bronze one .” Harry counted out five little bronze coin , and the owl held out hi  leg  o Harry could put the money into a  mall leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window. Hagrid yawned loudly,  at up, and  tretched. “Be t be off, Harry, lot  ter do today, gotta get up ter London an’ buy all yer  tuff fer  chool.” Harry wa  turning over the wizard coin  and looking at them. He had ju t thought of  omething that made him feel a  though the happy balloon in ide him had got a puncture. “Um — Hagrid?” “Mm?”  aid Hagrid, who wa  pulling on hi  huge boot . “I haven’t got any money — and you heard Uncle Vernon la t night…he won’t pay for me to go and learn magic.” “Don’t worry about that,”  aid Hagrid,  tanding up and  cratching hi  head. “D’yeh think yer parent  didn’t leave yeh anything?” “But if their hou e wa  de troyed —” “They didn’ keep their gold in the hou e, boy! Nah, fir t  top fer u  i  Gringott . Wizard ’ bank. Have a  au age, they’re not bad cold — an’ I wouldn’  ay no teh a bit o’ yer birthday cake, neither.” “Wizard  have bank ?” “Ju t the one. Gringott . Run by goblin .” Harry dropped the bit of  au age he wa  holding. “Goblin ?” “Yeah —  o yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it, I’ll tell yeh that. Never me  with goblin , Harry. Gringott  i  the  afe t place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep  afe — ‘cept maybe Hogwart . A  a matter o’ fact, I gotta vi it Gringott  anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwart  bu ine .” Hagrid drew him elf up proudly. “He u ually get  me ter do important  tuff fer him. Fetchin’ you — gettin’ thing  from Gringott  — know  he can tru t me,  ee.” “Got everythin’? Come on, then.” Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The  ky wa  quite clear now and the  ea gleamed in the  unlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired wa   till there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the  torm. “How did you get here?” Harry a ked, looking around for another boat. “Flew,”  aid Hagrid. “Flew?” “Yeah — but we’ll go back in thi . Not  ’ppo ed ter u e magic now I’ve got yeh.” They  ettled down in the boat, Harry  till  taring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying. “Seem  a  hame ter row, though,”  aid Hagrid, giving Harry another of hi   ideway  look . “If I wa  ter — er —  peed thing  up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin’ it at Hogwart ?” “Of cour e not,”  aid Harry, eager to  ee more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the  ide of the boat, and they  ped off toward land. “Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringott ?” Harry a ked. “Spell  — enchantment ,”  aid Hagrid, unfolding hi  new paper a  he  poke. “They  ay there’  dragon  guardin’ the high  ecurity vault . And then yeh gotta find yer way — Gringott  i  hundred  of mile  under London,  ee. Deep under the Underground. Yeh’d die of hunger tryin’ ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hand  on  ummat.” Harry  at and thought about thi  while Hagrid read hi  new paper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did thi , but it wa  very difficult, he’d never had  o many que tion  in hi  life. “Mini try o’ Magic me in’ thing  up a  u ual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page. “There’  a Mini try of Magic?” Harry a ked, before he could  top him elf. “’Cour e,”  aid Hagrid. “They wanted Dumbledore fer Mini ter, o’ cour e, but he’d never leave Hogwart ,  o old Corneliu  Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there wa  one. So he pelt  Dumbledore with owl  every morning, a kin’ fer advice.” “But what doe  a Mini try of Magic do?” “Well, their main job i  to keep it from the Muggle  that there’   till witche  an’ wizard  up an’ down the country.” “Why?” “Why? Blimey, Harry, everyone’d be wantin’ magic  olution  to their problem . Nah, we’re be t left alone.” At thi  moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid folded up hi  new paper, and they clambered up the  tone  tep  onto the  treet. Pa er by  tared a lot at Hagrid a  they walked through the little town to the  tation. Harry couldn’t blame them. Not only wa  Hagrid twice a  tall a  anyone el e, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary thing  like parking meter  and  aying loudly, “See that, Harry? Thing  the e Muggle  dream up, eh?” “Hagrid,”  aid Harry, panting a bit a  he ran to keep up, “did you  ay there are dragon  at Gringott ?” “Well,  o they  ay,”  aid Hagrid. “Crikey, I’d like a dragon.” “You’d like one?” “Wanted one ever  ince I wa  a kid — here we go.” They had reached the  tation. There wa  a train to London in five minute ’ time. Hagrid, who didn’t under tand “Muggle money,” a  he called it, gave the bill  to Harry  o he could buy their ticket . People  tared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two  eat  and  at knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circu  tent. “Still got yer letter, Harry?” he a ked a  he counted  titche . Harry took the parchment envelope out of hi  pocket. “Good,”  aid Hagrid. “There’  a li t there of everything yeh need.” Harry unfolded a  econd piece of paper he hadn’t noticed the night before, and read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL o f WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM Fir t-year  tudent  will require: 1. Three  et  of plain work robe  (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective glove  (dragon hide or  imilar) 4. One winter cloak (black,  ilver fa tening ) Plea e note that all pupil ’ clothe   hould carry name tag  COURSE BOOKS All  tudent   hould have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spell  (Grade 1) by Miranda Go hawk A Hi tory of Magic by Bathilda Bag hot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner ’ Guide to Tran figuration by Emeric Switch One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Draft  and Potion  by Ar eniu  Jigger Fanta tic Bea t  and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Force : A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter,  tandard  ize 2) 1  et of gla  or cry tal phial  1 tele cope  et 1 bra   cale  Student  may al o bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS “Can we buy all thi  in London?” Harry wondered aloud. “If yeh know where to go,”  aid Hagrid. Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid  eemed to know where he wa  going, he wa  obviou ly not u ed to getting there in an ordinary way. He got  tuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the  eat  were too  mall and the train  too  low. “I don’t know how the Muggle  manage without magic,” he  aid a  they climbed a broken-down e calator that led up to a bu tling road lined with  hop . Hagrid wa   o huge that he parted the crowd ea ily; all Harry had to do wa  keep clo e behind him. They pa ed book  hop  and mu ic  tore , hamburger re taurant  and cinema , but nowhere that looked a  if it could  ell you a magic wand. Thi  wa  ju t an ordinary  treet full of ordinary people. Could there really be pile  of wizard gold buried mile  beneath them? Were there really  hop  that  old  pell book  and broom tick ? Might thi  not all be  ome huge joke that the Dur ley  had cooked up? If Harry hadn’t known that the Dur ley  had no  en e of humor, he might have thought  o; yet  omehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him  o far wa  unbelievable, Harry couldn’t help tru ting him. “Thi  i  it,”  aid Hagrid, coming to a halt, “the Leaky Cauldron. It’  a famou  place.” It wa  a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn’t pointed it out, Harry wouldn’t have noticed it wa  there. The people hurrying by didn’t glance at it. Their eye   lid from the big book  hop on one  ide to the record  hop on the other a  if they couldn’t  ee the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the mo t peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could  ee it. Before he could mention thi , Hagrid had  teered him in ide. For a famou  place, it wa  very dark and  habby. A few old women were  itting in a corner, drinking tiny gla e  of  herry. One of them wa   moking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat wa  talking to the old bartender, who wa  quite bald and looked like a toothle  walnut. The low buzz of chatter  topped when they walked in. Everyone  eemed to know Hagrid; they waved and  miled at him, and the bartender reached for a gla ,  aying, “The u ual, Hagrid?” “Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwart  bu ine ,”  aid Hagrid, clapping hi  great hand on Harry’   houlder and making Harry’  knee  buckle. “Good Lord,”  aid the bartender, peering at Harry, “i  thi  — can thi  be —?” The Leaky Cauldron had  uddenly gone completely  till and  ilent. “Ble  my  oul,” whi pered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.” He hurried out from behind the bar, ru hed toward Harry and  eized hi  hand, tear  in hi  eye . “Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.” Harry didn’t know what to  ay. Everyone wa  looking at him. The old woman with the pipe wa  puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid wa  beaming. Then there wa  a great  craping of chair  and the next moment, Harry found him elf  haking hand  with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron. “Dori  Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at la t.” “So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m ju t  o proud.” “Alway  wanted to  hake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.” “Delighted, Mr. Potter, ju t can’t tell you, Diggle’  the name, Dedalu  Diggle.” “I’ve  een you before!”  aid Harry, a  Dedalu  Diggle’  top hat fell off in hi  excitement. “You bowed to me once in a  hop.” “He remember !” cried Dedalu  Diggle, looking around at everyone. “Did you hear that? He remember  me!” Harry  hook hand  again and again — Dori  Crockford kept coming back for more. A pale young man made hi  way forward, very nervou ly. One of hi  eye  wa  twitching. “Profe or Quirrell!”  aid Hagrid. “Harry, Profe or Quirrell will be one of your teacher  at Hogwart .” “P-P-Potter,”  tammered Profe or Quirrell, gra ping Harry’  hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-plea ed I am to meet you.” “What  ort of magic do you teach, Profe or Quirrell?” “D-Defen e Again t the D-D-Dark Art ,” muttered Profe or Quirrell, a  though he’d rather not think about it. “N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?” He laughed nervou ly. “You’ll be g-getting all your equipment, I  uppo e? I’ve g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampire , m-my elf.” He looked terrified at the very thought. But the other  wouldn’t let Profe or Quirrell keep Harry to him elf. It took almo t ten minute  to get away from them all. At la t, Hagrid managed to make him elf heard over the babble. “Mu t get on — lot  ter buy. Come on, Harry.” Dori  Crockford  hook Harry’  hand one la t time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a  mall, walled courtyard, where there wa  nothing but a tra h can and a few weed . Hagrid grinned at Harry. “Told yeh, didn’t I? Told yeh you wa  famou . Even Profe or Quirrell wa  tremblin’ ter meet yeh — mind you, he’  u ually tremblin’.” “I  he alway  that nervou ?” “Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He wa  fine while he wa   tudyin’ outta book  but then he took a year off ter get  ome fir thand experience....They  ay he met vampire  in the Black Fore t, and there wa  a na ty bit o’ trouble with a hag — never been the  ame  ince. Scared of the  tudent ,  cared of hi  own  ubject — now, where’  me umbrella?” Vampire ? Hag ? Harry’  head wa   wimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, wa  counting brick  in the wall above the tra h can. “Three up…two acro …” he muttered. “Right,  tand back, Harry.” He tapped the wall three time  with the point of hi  umbrella. The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a  mall hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a  econd later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled  treet that twi ted and turned out of  ight. “Welcome,”  aid Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.” He grinned at Harry’  amazement. They  tepped through the archway. Harry looked quickly over hi   houlder and  aw the archway  hrink in tantly back into  olid wall. The  un  hone brightly on a  tack of cauldron  out ide the neare t  hop. Cauldron  — All Size  — Copper, Bra , Pewter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collap ible,  aid a  ign hanging over them. “Yeah, you’ll be needin’ one,”  aid Hagrid, “but we gotta get yer money fir t.” Harry wi hed he had about eight more eye . He turned hi  head in every direction a  they walked up the  treet, trying to look at everything at once: the  hop , the thing  out ide them, the people doing their  hopping. A plump woman out ide an Apothecary wa   haking her head a  they pa ed,  aying, “Dragon liver,  eventeen Sickle  an ounce, they’re mad.…” A low,  oft hooting came from a dark  hop with a  ign  aying Eeylop  Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boy  of about Harry’  age had their no e  pre ed again t a window with broom tick  in it. “Look,” Harry heard one of them  ay, “the new Nimbu  Two Thou and — fa te t ever —” There were  hop   elling robe ,  hop   elling tele cope  and  trange  ilver in trument  Harry had never  een before, window   tacked with barrel  of bat  pleen  and eel ’ eye , tottering pile  of  pell book , quill , and roll  of parchment, potion bottle , globe  of the moon.… “Gringott ,”  aid Hagrid. They had reached a  nowy white building that towered over the other little  hop . Standing be ide it  burni hed bronze door , wearing a uniform of  carlet and gold, wa  — “Yeah, that’  a goblin,”  aid Hagrid quietly a  they walked up the white  tone  tep  toward him. The goblin wa  about a head  horter than Harry. He had a  warthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long finger  and feet. He bowed a  they walked in ide. Now they were facing a  econd pair of door ,  ilver thi  time, with word  engraved upon them: Enter,  tranger, but take heed Of what await  the  in of greed, For tho e who take, but do not earn, Mu t pay mo t dearly in their turn. So if you  eek beneath our floor  A trea ure that wa  never your , Thief, you have been warned, beware Of finding more than trea ure there. “Like I  aid, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,”  aid Hagrid. A pair of goblin  bowed them through the  ilver door  and they were in a va t marble hall. About a hundred more goblin  were  itting on high  tool  behind a long counter,  cribbling in large ledger , weighing coin  in bra   cale , examining preciou   tone  through eyegla e . There were too many door  to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblin  were  howing people in and out of the e. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter. “Morning,”  aid Hagrid to a free goblin. “We’ve come ter take  ome money outta Mr. Harry Potter’   afe.” “You have hi  key,  ir?” “Got it here  omewhere,”  aid Hagrid, and he  tarted emptying hi  pocket  onto the counter,  cattering a handful of moldy dog bi cuit  over the goblin’  book of number . The goblin wrinkled hi  no e. Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubie  a  big a  glowing coal . “Got it,”  aid Hagrid at la t, holding up a tiny golden key. The goblin looked at it clo ely. “That  eem  to be in order.” “An’ I’ve al o got a letter here from Profe or Dumbledore,”  aid Hagrid importantly, throwing out hi  che t. “It’  about the You-Know-What in vault  even hundred and thirteen.” The goblin read the letter carefully. “Very well,” he  aid, handing it back to Hagrid, “I will have  omeone take you down to both vault . Griphook!” Griphook wa  yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog bi cuit  back in ide hi  pocket , he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the door  leading off the hall. “What’  the You-Know-What in vault  even hundred and thirteen?” Harry a ked. “Can’t tell yeh that,”  aid Hagrid my teriou ly. “Very  ecret. Hogwart  bu ine . Dumbledore’  tru ted me. More’n my job’  worth ter tell yeh that.” Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expected more marble, wa   urpri ed. They were in a narrow  tone pa ageway lit with flaming torche . It  loped  teeply downward and there were little railway track  on the floor. Griphook whi tled and a  mall cart came hurtling up the track  toward them. They climbed in — Hagrid with  ome difficulty — and were off. At fir t they ju t hurtled through a maze of twi ting pa age . Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it wa  impo ible. The rattling cart  eemed to know it  own way, becau e Griphook wa n’t  teering. Harry’  eye   tung a  the cold air ru hed pa t them, but he kept them wide open. Once, he thought he  aw a bur t of fire at the end of a pa age and twi ted around to  ee if it wa  a dragon, but too late — they plunged even deeper, pa ing an underground lake where huge  talactite  and  talagmite  grew from the ceiling and floor. “I never know,” Harry called to Hagrid over the noi e of the cart, “what’  the difference between a  talagmite and a  talactite?” “Stalagmite’  got an ‘m’ in it,”  aid Hagrid. “An’ don’ a k me que tion  ju t now, I think I’m gonna be  ick.” He did look very green, and when the cart  topped at la t be ide a  mall door in the pa age wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean again t the wall to  top hi  knee  from trembling. Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green  moke came billowing out, and a  it cleared, Harry ga ped. In ide were mound  of gold coin . Column  of  ilver. Heap  of little bronze Knut . “All your ,”  miled Hagrid. All Harry’  — it wa  incredible. The Dur ley  couldn’t have known about thi  or they’d have had it from him fa ter than blinking. How often had they complained how much Harry co t them to keep? And all the time there had been a  mall fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London. Hagrid helped Harry pile  ome of it into a bag. “The gold one  are Galleon ,” he explained. “Seventeen  ilver Sickle  to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knut  to a Sickle, it’  ea y enough. Right, that  hould be enough fer a couple o’ term , we’ll keep the re t  afe for yeh.” He turned to Griphook. “Vault  even hundred and thirteen now, plea e, and can we go more  lowly?” “One  peed only,”  aid Griphook. They were going even deeper now and gathering  peed. The air became colder and colder a  they hurtled round tight corner . They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the  ide to try to  ee what wa  down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the  cruff of hi  neck. Vault  even hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. “Stand back,”  aid Griphook importantly. He  troked the door gently with one of hi  long finger  and it  imply melted away. “If anyone but a Gringott  goblin tried that, they’d be  ucked through the door and trapped in there,”  aid Griphook. “How often do you check to  ee if anyone’  in ide?” Harry a ked. “About once every ten year ,”  aid Griphook with a rather na ty grin. Something really extraordinary had to be in ide thi  top  ecurity vault, Harry wa   ure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to  ee fabulou  jewel  at the very lea t — but at fir t he thought it wa  empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep in ide hi  coat. Harry longed to know what it wa , but knew better than to a k. “Come on, back in thi  infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’  be t if I keep me mouth  hut,”  aid Hagrid. One wild cart ride later they  tood blinking in the  unlight out ide Gringott . Harry didn’t know where to run fir t now that he had a bag full of money. He didn’t have to know how many Galleon  there were to a pound to know that he wa  holding more money than he’d had in hi  whole life — more money than even Dudley had ever had. “Might a  well get yer uniform,”  aid Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin’  Robe  for All Occa ion . “Li ten, Harry, would yeh mind if I  lipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringott  cart .” He did  till look a bit  ick,  o Harry entered Madam Malkin’   hop alone, feeling nervou . Madam Malkin wa  a  quat,  miling witch dre ed all in mauve. “Hogwart , dear?”  he  aid, when Harry  tarted to  peak. “Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up ju t now, in fact.” In the back of the  hop, a boy with a pale, pointed face wa   tanding on a foot tool while a  econd witch pinned up hi  long black robe . Madam Malkin  tood Harry on a  tool next to him  lipped a long robe over hi  head, and began to pin it to the right length. “Hello,”  aid the boy, “Hogwart , too?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “My father’  next door buying my book  and mother’  up the  treet looking at wand ,”  aid the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. “Then I’m going to drag them off to took at racing broom . I don’t  ee why fir t year  can’t have their own. I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll  muggle it in  omehow.” Harry wa   trongly reminded of Dudley. “Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on. “No,”  aid Harry. “Play Quidditch at all?” “No,” Harry  aid again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be. “I do — Father  ay  it’  a crime if I’m not picked to play for my hou e, and I mu t  ay, I agree. Know what hou e you’ll be in yet?” “No,”  aid Harry, feeling more  tupid by the minute. “Well, no one really know  until they get there, do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?” “Mmm,”  aid Harry, wi hing he could  ay  omething a bit more intere ting. “I  ay, look at that man!”  aid the boy  uddenly, nodding toward the front window. Hagrid wa   tanding there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice cream  to  how he couldn’t come in. “That’  Hagrid,”  aid Harry, plea ed to know  omething the boy didn’t. “He work  at Hogwart .” “Oh,”  aid the boy, “I’ve heard of him. He’  a  ort of  ervant, i n’t he?” “He’  the gamekeeper,”  aid Harry. He wa  liking the boy le  and le  every  econd. “Ye , exactly. I heard he’  a  ort of  avage — live  in a hut on the  chool ground  and every now and then he get  drunk, trie  to do magic, and end  up  etting fire to hi  bed.” “I think he’  brilliant,”  aid Harry coldly. “Do you?”  aid the boy, with a  light  neer. “Why i  he with you? Where are your parent ?” “They’re dead,”  aid Harry  hortly. He didn’t feel much like going into the matter with thi  boy. “Oh,  orry,”  aid the other, not  ounding  orry at all. “But they were our kind, weren’t they?” “They were a witch and wizard, if that’  what you mean.” “I really don’t think they  hould let the other  ort in, do you? They’re ju t not the  ame, they’ve never been brought up to know our way . Some of them have never even heard of Hogwart  until they get the letter, imagine. I think they  hould keep it in the old wizarding familie . What’  your  urname, anyway?” But before Harry could an wer, Madam Malkin  aid, “That’  you done, my dear,” and Harry, not  orry for an excu e to  top talking to the boy, hopped down from the foot tool. “Well, I’ll  ee you at Hogwart , I  uppo e,”  aid the drawling boy. Harry wa  rather quiet a  he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and ra pberry with chopped nut ). “What’  up?”  aid Hagrid. “Nothing,” Harry lied. They  topped to buy parchment and quill . Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color a  you wrote. When they had left the  hop, he  aid, “Hagrid, what’  Quidditch?” “Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin’ how little yeh know — not knowin’ about Quidditch!” “Don’t make me feel wor e,”  aid Harry. He told Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkin’ . “— and he  aid people from Muggle familie   houldn’t even be allowed in —” “Yer not from a Muggle family. If he’d known who yeh were — he’  grown up knowin’ yer name if hi  parent  are wizardin’ folk. You  aw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron wa  like when they  aw yeh. Anyway, what doe  he know about it,  ome o’ the be t I ever  aw were the only one  with magic in ‘em in a long line o’ Muggle  — look at yer mum! Look what  he had fer a  i ter!” “So what i  Quidditch?” “It’  our  port. Wizard  port. It’  like — like  occer in the Muggle world — everyone follow  Quidditch — played up in the air on broom tick  and there’  four ball  —  orta hard ter explain the rule .” “And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?” “School hou e . There’  four. Everyone  ay  Hufflepuff are a lot o’ duffer , but —” “I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,”  aid Harry gloomily. “Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,”  aid Hagrid darkly. “There’  not a  ingle witch or wizard who went bad who wa n’t in Slytherin. You-Know-Who wa  one.” “Vol-,  orry —You-Know-Who wa  at Hogwart ?” “Year  an’ year  ago,”  aid Hagrid. They bought Harry’   chool book  in a  hop called Flouri h and Blott  where the  helve  were  tacked to the ceiling with book  a  large a  paving  tone  bound in leather; book  the  ize of po tage  tamp  in cover  of  ilk; book  full of peculiar  ymbol  and a few book  with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get hi  hand  on  ome of the e. Hagrid almo t had to drag Harry away from Cur e  and Countercur e  (Bewitch Your Friend  and Befuddle Your Enemie  with the Late t Revenge : Hair Lo , Jelly-Leg , Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Profe or Vindictu  Viridian. “I wa  trying to find out how to cur e Dudley.” “I’m not  ayin’ that’  not a good idea, but yer not ter u e magic in the Muggle world except in very  pecial circum tance ,”  aid Hagrid. “An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them cur e  yet, yeh’ll need a lot more  tudy before yeh get ter that level.” Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a  olid gold cauldron, either (“It  ay  pewter on yer li t”), but they got a nice  et of  cale  for weighing potion ingredient  and a collap ible bra  tele cope. Then they vi ited the Apothecary, which wa  fa cinating enough to make up for it  horrible  mell, a mixture of bad egg  and rotted cabbage . Barrel  of  limy  tuff  tood on the floor; jar  of herb , dried root , and bright powder  lined the wall ; bundle  of feather ,  tring  of fang , and  narled claw  hung from the ceiling. While Hagrid a ked the man behind the counter for a  upply of  ome ba ic potion ingredient  for Harry, Harry him elf examined  ilver unicorn horn  at twenty-one Galleon  each and minu cule, glittery-black beetle eye  (five Knut  a  coop). Out ide the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’  li t again. “Ju t yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I  till haven’t got yeh a birthday pre ent.” Harry felt him elf go red. “You don’t have to —” “I know I don’t have to. Tell yeh what, I’ll get yer animal. Not a toad, toad  went outta fa hion year  ago, yeh’d be laughed at — an’ I don’ like cat , they make me  neeze. I’ll get yer an owl. All the kid  want owl , they’re dead u eful, carry yer mail an’ everythin’.” Twenty minute  later, they left Eeylop  Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of ru tling and flickering, jewel-bright eye . Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful  nowy owl, fa t a leep with her head under her wing. He couldn’t  top  tammering hi  thank ,  ounding ju t like Profe or Quirrell. “Don’ mention it,”  aid Hagrid gruffly. “Don’ expect you’ve had a lotta pre ent  from them Dur ley . Ju t Ollivander  left now — only place fer wand , Ollivander , and yeh gotta have the be t wand.” A magic wand…thi  wa  what Harry had been really looking forward to. The la t  hop wa  narrow and  habby. Peeling gold letter  over the door read Ollivander : Maker  of Fine Wand   ince 382 B.C. A  ingle wand lay on a faded purple cu hion in the du ty window. A tinkling bell rang  omewhere in the depth  of the  hop a  they  tepped in ide. It wa  a tiny place, empty except for a  ingle,  pindly chair that Hagrid  at on to wait. Harry felt  trangely a  though he had entered a very  trict library; he  wallowed a lot of new que tion  that had ju t occurred to him and looked in tead at the thou and  of narrow boxe  piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For  ome rea on, the back of hi  neck prickled. The very du t and  ilence in here  eemed to tingle with  ome  ecret magic. “Good afternoon,”  aid a  oft voice. Harry jumped. Hagrid mu t have jumped, too, becau e there wa  a loud crunching noi e and he got quickly off the  pindly chair. An old man wa   tanding before them, hi  wide, pale eye   hining like moon  through the gloom of the  hop. “Hello,”  aid Harry awkwardly. “Ah ye ,”  aid the man. “Ye , ye . I thought I’d be  eeing you  oon. Harry Potter.” It wa n’t a que tion. “You have your mother’  eye . It  eem  only ye terday  he wa  in here her elf, buying her fir t wand. Ten and a quarter inche  long,  wi hy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm work.” Mr. Ollivander moved clo er to Harry. Harry wi hed he would blink. Tho e  ilvery eye  were a bit creepy. “Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inche . Pliable. A little more power and excellent for tran figuration. Well, I  ay your father favored it — it’  really the wand that choo e  the wizard, of cour e.” Mr. Ollivander had come  o clo e that he and Harry were almo t no e to no e. Harry could  ee him elf reflected in tho e mi ty eye . “And that’  where…” Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning  car on Harry’  forehead with a long, white finger. “I’m  orry to  ay I  old the wand that did it,” he  aid  oftly. “Thirteen-and-a-half inche . Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hand …well, if I’d known what that wand wa  going out into the world to do.…” He  hook hi  head and then, to Harry’  relief,  potted Hagrid. “Rubeu ! Rubeu  Hagrid! How nice to  ee you again.…Oak,  ixteen inche , rather bendy, wa n’t it?” “It wa ,  ir, ye ,”  aid Hagrid. “Good wand, that one. But I  uppo e they  napped it in half when you got expelled?”  aid Mr. Ollivander,  uddenly  tern. “Er — ye , they did, ye ,”  aid Hagrid,  huffling hi  feet. “I’ve  till got the piece , though,” he added brightly. “But you don’t u e them?”  aid Mr. Ollivander  harply. “Oh, no,  ir,”  aid Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped hi  pink umbrella very tightly a  he  poke. “Hmmm,”  aid Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. “Well, now — Mr. Potter. Let me  ee.” He pulled a long tape mea ure with  ilver marking  out of hi  pocket. “Which i  your wand arm?” “Er — well, I’m right-handed,”  aid Harry. “Hold out your arm. That’  it.” He mea ured Harry from  houlder to finger, then wri t to elbow,  houlder to floor, knee to armpit and round hi  head. A  he mea ured, he  aid, “Every Ollivander wand ha  a core of a powerful magical  ub tance, Mr. Potter. We u e unicorn hair , phoenix tail feather , and the heart tring  of dragon . No two Ollivander wand  are the  ame, ju t a  no two unicorn , dragon , or phoenixe  are quite the  ame. And of cour e, you will never get  uch good re ult  with another wizard’  wand.” Harry  uddenly realized that the tape mea ure, which wa  mea uring between hi  no tril , wa  doing thi  on it  own. Mr. Ollivander wa  flitting around the  helve , taking down boxe . “That will do,” he  aid, and the tape mea ure crumpled into a heap on the floor. “Right then, Mr. Potter. Try thi  one. Beechwood and dragon heart tring. Nine inche . Nice and flexible. ju t take it and give it a wave.” Harry took the wand and (feeling fooli h) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander  natched it out of hi  hand almo t at once. “Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inche . Quite whippy. Try —” Harry tried — but he had hardly rai ed the wand when it, too, wa   natched back by Mr. Ollivander. “No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inche ,  pringy. Go on, go on, try it out.” Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander wa  waiting for. The pile of tried wand  wa  mounting higher and higher on the  pindly chair, but the more wand  Mr. Ollivander pulled from the  helve , the happier he  eemed to become. “Tricky cu tomer, eh? Not to worry, we’ll find the perfect match here  omewhere — I wonder, now — ye , why not — unu ual combination — holly and phoenix feather, eleven inche , nice and  upple.” Harry took the wand. He felt a  udden warmth in hi  finger . He rai ed the wand above hi  head, brought it  wi hing down through the du ty air and a  tream of red and gold  park   hot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing  pot  of light on to the wall . Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo! Ye , indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well…how curiou …how very curiou …” He put Harry’  wand back into it  box and wrapped it in brown paper,  till muttering, “Curiou …curiou … “Sorry,”  aid Harry, “but what’  curiou ?” Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with hi  pale  tare. “I remember every wand I’ve ever  old, Mr. Potter. Every  ingle wand. It  o happen  that the phoenix who e tail feather i  in your wand, gave another feather — ju t one other. It i  very curiou  indeed that you  hould be de tined for thi  wand when it  brother — why, it  brother gave you that  car.” Harry  wallowed. “Ye , thirteen-and-a-half inche . Yew. Curiou  indeed how the e thing  happen. The wand choo e  the wizard, remember…I think we mu t expect great thing  from you, Mr. Potter….After all, He-Who-Mu t-Not-Be-Named did great thing  — terrible, ye , but great.” Harry  hivered. He wa n’t  ure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid  even gold Galleon  for hi  wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from hi   hop. The late afternoon  un hung low in the  ky a  Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Harry didn’t  peak at all a  they walked down the road; he didn’t even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden a  they were with all their funny- haped package , with the  nowy owl a leep in it  cage on Harry’  lap. Up another e calator, out into Paddington  tation; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the  houlder. “Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leave ,” he  aid. He bought Harry a hamburger and they  at down on pla tic  eat  to eat them. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked  o  trange,  omehow. “You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet,”  aid Hagrid. Harry wa n’t  ure he could explain. He’d ju t had the be t birthday of hi  life — and yet — he chewed hi  hamburger, trying to find the word . “Everyone think  I’m  pecial,” he  aid at la t. “All tho e people in the Leaky Cauldron, Profe or Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander…but I don’t know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great thing ? I’m famou  and I can’t even remember what I’m famou  for. I don’t know what happened when Vol-,  orry — I mean, the night my parent  died.” Hagrid leaned acro  the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrow  he wore a very kind  mile. “Don’ you worry, Harry. You’ll learn fa t enough. Everyone  tart  at the beginning at Hogwart , you’ll be ju t fine. Ju t be yer elf. I know it’  hard. Yeh’ve been  ingled out, an’ that’  alway  hard. But yeh’ll have a great time at Hogwart  — I did —  till do, ’ matter of fact.” Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dur ley , then handed him an envelope. “Yer ticket fer Hogwart , “ he  aid. “Fir t o’ September — King’  Cro  — it’  all on yer ticket. Any problem  with the Dur ley ,  end me a letter with yer owl,  he’ll know where to find me….See yeh  oon, Harry.” The train pulled out of the  tation. Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until he wa  out of  ight; he ro e in hi   eat and pre ed hi  no e again t the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER SIX THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS H arry’  la t month with the Dur ley  wa n’t fun. True, Dudley wa  now  o  cared of Harry he wouldn’t  tay in the  ame room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn’t  hut Harry in hi  cupboard, force him to do anything, or  hout at him — in fact, they didn’t  peak to him at all. Half terrified, half furiou , they acted a  though any chair with Harry in it were empty. Although thi  wa  an improvement in many way , it did become a bit depre ing after a while. Harry kept to hi  room, with hi  new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A Hi tory of Magic. Hi   chool book  were very intere ting. He lay on hi  bed reading late into the night, Hedwig  wooping in and out of the open window a   he plea ed. It wa  lucky that Aunt Petunia didn’t come in to vacuum anymore, becau e Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to  leep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the fir t. On the la t day of Augu t he thought he’d better  peak to hi  aunt and uncle about getting to King’  Cro   tation the next day,  o he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz  how on televi ion. He cleared hi  throat to let them know he wa  there, and Dudley  creamed and ran from the room. “Er — Uncle Vernon?” Uncle Vernon grunted to  how he wa  li tening. “Er — I need to be at King’  Cro  tomorrow to — to go to Hogwart .” Uncle Vernon grunted again. “Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?” Grunt. Harry  uppo ed that meant ye . “Thank you.” He wa  about to go back up tair  when Uncle Vernon actually  poke. “Funny way to get to a wizard ’  chool, the train. Magic carpet  all got puncture , have they?” Harry didn’t  ay anything. “Where i  thi   chool, anyway?” “I don’t know,”  aid Harry, realizing thi  for the fir t time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of hi  pocket. “I ju t take the train from platform nine and three-quarter  at eleven o’clock,” he read. Hi  aunt and uncle  tared. “Platform what?” “Nine and three-quarter .” “Don’t talk rubbi h,”  aid Uncle Vernon. “There i  no platform nine and three-quarter .” “It’  on my ticket.” “Barking,”  aid Uncle Vernon, “howling mad, the lot of them. You’ll  ee. You ju t wait. All right, we’ll take you to King’  Cro . We’re going up to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn’t bother.” “Why are you going to London?” Harry a ked, trying to keep thing  friendly. “Taking Dudley to the ho pital,” growled Uncle Vernon. “Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goe  to Smelting .” Harry woke at five o’clock the next morning and wa  too excited and nervou  to go back to  leep. He got up and pulled on hi  jean  becau e he didn’t want to walk into the  tation in hi  wizard’  robe  — he’d change on the train. He checked hi  Hogwart  li t yet again to make  ure he had everything he needed,  aw that Hedwig wa   hut  afely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dur ley  to get up. Two hour  later, Harry’  huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dur ley ’ car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into  itting next to Harry, and they had  et off. They reached King’  Cro  at half pa t ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Harry’  trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the  tation for him. Harry thought thi  wa   trangely kind until Uncle Vernon  topped dead, facing the platform  with a na ty grin on hi  face. “Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine — platform ten. Your platform  hould be  omewhere in the middle, but they don’t  eem to have built it yet, do they?” He wa  quite right, of cour e. There wa  a big pla tic number nine over one platform and a big pla tic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all. “Have a good term,”  aid Uncle Vernon with an even na tier  mile. He left without another word. Harry turned and  aw the Dur ley  drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harry’  mouth went rather dry. What on earth wa  he going to do? He wa   tarting to attract a lot of funny look , becau e of Hedwig. He’d have to a k  omeone. He  topped a pa ing guard, but didn’t dare mention platform nine and three-quarter . The guard had never heard of Hogwart  and when Harry couldn’t even tell him what part of the country it wa  in, he  tarted to get annoyed, a  though Harry wa  being  tupid on purpo e. Getting de perate, Harry a ked for the train that left at eleven o’clock, but the guard  aid there wa n’t one. In the end the guard  trode away, muttering about time wa ter . Harry wa  now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrival  board, he had ten minute  left to get on the train to Hogwart  and he had no idea how to do it; he wa   tranded in the middle of a  tation with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl. Hagrid mu t have forgotten to tell him  omething you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he  hould get out hi  wand and  tart tapping the ticket in pector’   tand between platform  nine and ten. At that moment a group of people pa ed ju t behind him and he caught a few word  of what they were  aying. “— packed with Muggle , of cour e —” Harry  wung round. The  peaker wa  a plump woman who wa  talking to four boy , all with flaming red hair. Each of them wa  pu hing a trunk like Harry’  in front of him — and they had an owl. Heart hammering, Harry pu hed hi  cart after them. They  topped and  o did he, ju t near enough to hear what they were  aying. “Now, what’  the platform number?”  aid the boy ’ mother. “Nine and three-quarter !” piped a  mall girl, al o red-headed, who wa  holding her hand, “Mom, can’t I go…” “You’re not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go fir t.” What looked like the olde t boy marched toward platform  nine and ten. Harry watched, careful not to blink in ca e he mi ed it — but ju t a  the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platform , a large crowd of touri t  came  warming in front of him and by the time the la t backpack had cleared away, the boy had vani hed. “Fred, you next,” the plump woman  aid. “I’m not Fred, I’m George,”  aid the boy. “Hone tly, woman, you call your elf our mother? Can’t you tell I’m George?” “Sorry, George, dear.” “Only joking, I am Fred,”  aid the boy, and off he went. Hi  twin called after him to hurry up, and he mu t have done  o, becau e a  econd later, he had gone — but how had he done it? Now the third brother wa  walking bri kly toward the barrier he wa  almo t there — and then, quite  uddenly, he wa n’t anywhere. There wa  nothing el e for it. “Excu e me,” Harry  aid to the plump woman. “Hello, dear,”  he  aid. “Fir t time at Hogwart ? Ron’  new, too.” She pointed at the la t and younge t of her  on . He wa  tall, thin, and gangling, with freckle , big hand  and feet, and a long no e. “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “The thing i  — the thing i , I don’t know how to —” “How to get onto the platform?”  he  aid kindly, and Harry nodded. “Not to worry,”  he  aid. “All you have to do i  walk  traight at the barrier between platform  nine and ten. Don’t  top and don’t be  cared you’ll cra h into it, that’  very important. Be t do it at a bit of a run if you’re nervou . Go on, go now before Ron.” “Er — okay,”  aid Harry. He pu hed hi  trolley around and  tared at the barrier. It looked very  olid. He  tarted to walk toward it. People jo tled him on their way to platform  nine and ten. Harry walked more quickly. He wa  going to  ma h right into that barrier and then he’d be in trouble — leaning forward on hi  cart, he broke into a heavy run — the barrier wa  coming nearer and nearer — he wouldn’t be able to  top — the cart wa  out of control — he wa  a foot away — he clo ed hi  eye  ready for the cra h — It didn’t come…he kept on running…he opened hi  eye . A  carlet  team engine wa  waiting next to a platform packed with people. A  ign overhead  aid Hogwart ’ Expre , eleven o’clock. Harry looked behind him and  aw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the word  Platform Nine and Three-Quarter  on it, He had done it. Smoke from the engine drifted over the head  of the chattering crowd, while cat  of every color wound here and there between their leg . Owl  hooted to one another in a di gruntled  ort of way over the babble and the  craping of heavy trunk . The fir t few carriage  were already packed with  tudent ,  ome hanging out of the window to talk to their familie ,  ome fighting over  eat . Harry pu hed hi  cart off down the platform in  earch of an empty  eat. He pa ed a round-faced boy who wa   aying, “Gran, I’ve lo t my toad again.” “Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman  igh. A boy with dreadlock  wa   urrounded by a  mall crowd. “Give u  a look, Lee, go on.” The boy lifted the lid of a box in hi  arm , and the people around him  hrieked and yelled a   omething in ide poked out a long, hairy leg. Harry pre ed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put Hedwig in ide fir t and then  tarted to  hove and heave hi  trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it up the  tep  but could hardly rai e one end and twice he dropped it painfully on hi  foot. “Want a hand?” It wa  one of the red-haired twin  he’d followed through the barrier. “Ye , plea e,” Harry panted. “Oy, Fred! C’mere and help!” With the twin ’ help, Harry’  trunk wa  at la t tucked away in a corner of the compartment. “Thank ,”  aid Harry, pu hing hi   weaty hair out of hi  eye . “What’  that?”  aid one of the twin   uddenly, pointing at Harry’  lightning  car. “Blimey,”  aid the other twin. “Are you —?” “He i ,”  aid the fir t twin. “Aren’t you?” he added to Harry. “What?”  aid Harry. “Harry Potter.” choru ed the twin . “Oh, him,”  aid Harry. “I mean, ye , I am.” The two boy  gawked at him, and Harry felt him elf turning red. Then, to hi  relief, a voice came floating in through the train’  open door. “Fred? George? Are you there?” “Coming, Mom.” With a la t look at Harry, the twin  hopped off the train. Harry  at down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were  aying. Their mother had ju t taken out her handkerchief. “Ron, you’ve got  omething on your no e.” The younge t boy tried to jerk out of the way, but  he grabbed him and began rubbing the end of hi  no e. “Mom — geroff” He wriggled free. “Aaah, ha  ickle Ronnie got  omefink on hi  no ie?”  aid one of the twin . “Shut up,”  aid Ron. “Where’  Percy?”  aid their mother. “He’  coming now.” The olde t boy came  triding into  ight. He had already changed into hi  billowing black Hogwart  robe , and Harry noticed a  hiny  ilver badge on hi  che t with the letter P on it. “Can’t  tay long, Mother,” he  aid. “I’m up front, the prefect  have got two compartment  to them elve  —” “Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?”  aid one of the twin , with an air of great  urpri e. “You  hould have  aid  omething, we had no idea.” “Hang on, I think I remember him  aying  omething about it,”  aid the other twin. “Once —” “Or twice —” “A minute —” “All  ummer —” “Oh,  hut up,”  aid Percy the Prefect. “How come Percy get  new robe , anyway?”  aid one of the twin . “Becau e he’  a prefect,”  aid their mother fondly. “All right, dear, well, have a good term —  end me an owl when you get there.” She ki ed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then  he turned to the twin . “Now, you two — thi  year, you behave your elve . If I get one more owl telling me you’ve — you’ve blown up a toilet or —” “Blown up a toilet? We’ve never blown up a toilet.” “Great idea though, thank , Mom.” “It’  not funny. And look after Ron.” “Don’t worry, ickle Ronniekin  i   afe with u .” “Shut up,”  aid Ron again. He wa  almo t a  tall a  the twin  already and hi  no e wa   till pink where hi  mother had rubbed it. “Hey, Mom, gue  what? Gue  who we ju t met on the train?” Harry leaned back quickly  o they couldn’t  ee him looking. “You know that black-haired boy who wa  near u  in the  tation? Know who he i ?” “Who?” “Harry Potter!” Harry heard the little girl’  voice. “Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and  ee him, Mom, eh plea e....” “You’ve already  een him, Ginny, and the poor boy i n’t  omething you goggle at in a zoo. I  he really, Fred? How do you know?” “A ked him. Saw hi   car. It’  really there — like lightning.” “Poor dear — no wonder he wa  alone, I wondered. He wa  ever  o polite when he a ked how to get onto the platform.” “Never mind that, do you think he remember  what You-Know-Who look  like?” Their mother  uddenly became very  tern. “I forbid you to a k him, Fred. No, don’t you dare. A  though he need  reminding of that on hi  fir t day at  chool.” “All right, keep your hair on.” A whi tle  ounded. “Hurry up!” their mother  aid, and the three boy  clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to ki  them good-bye, and their younger  i ter began to cry. “Don’t, Ginny, we’ll  end you load  of owl .” “We’ll  end you a Hogwart ’ toilet  eat.” “George!” “Only joking, Mom.” The train began to move. Harry  aw the boy ’ mother waving and their  i ter, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much  peed, then  he fell back and waved. Harry watched the girl and her mother di appear a  the train rounded the corner. Hou e  fla hed pa t the window. Harry felt a great leap of excitement. He didn’t know what he wa  going to — but it had to be better than what he wa  leaving behind. The door of the compartment  lid open and the younge t redheaded boy came in. “Anyone  itting there?” he a ked, pointing at the  eat oppo ite Harry. “Everywhere el e i  full.” Harry  hook hi  head and the boy  at down. He glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn’t looked. Harry  aw he  till had a black mark on hi  no e. “Hey, Ron.” The twin  were back. “Li ten, we’re going down the middle of the train — Lee Jordan’  got a giant tarantula down there.” “Right,” mumbled Ron. “Harry,”  aid the other twin, “did we introduce our elve ? Fred and George Wea ley. And thi  i  Ron, our brother. See you later, then.” “Bye,”  aid Harry and Ron. The twin   lid the compartment door  hut behind them. “Are you really Harry Potter?” Ron blurted out. Harry nodded. “Oh — well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George’  joke ,”  aid Ron. “And have you really got — you know…” He pointed at Harry’  forehead. Harry pulled back hi  bang  to  how the lightning  car. Ron  tared. “So that’  where You-Know-Who —?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, “but I can’t remember it.” “Nothing?”  aid Ron eagerly. “Well — I remember a lot of green light, but nothing el e.” “Wow,”  aid Ron. He  at and  tared at Harry for a few moment , then, a  though he had  uddenly realized what he wa  doing, he looked quickly out of the window again. “Are all your family wizard ?” a ked Harry, who found Ron ju t a  intere ting a  Ron found him. “Er — Ye , I think  o,”  aid Ron. “I think Mom’  got a  econd cou in who’  an accountant, but we never talk about him.” “So you mu t know load  of magic already.” The Wea ley  were clearly one of tho e old wizarding familie  the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about. “I heard you went to live with Muggle ,”  aid Ron. “What are they like?” “Horrible — well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cou in are, though. Wi h I’d had three wizard brother .” “Five,”  aid Ron. For  ome rea on, he wa  looking gloomy. “I’m the  ixth in our family to go to Hogwart . You could  ay I’ve got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left — Bill wa  head boy and Charlie wa  captain of Quidditch. Now Percy’  a prefect. Fred and George me  around a lot, but they  till get really good mark  and everyone think  they’re really funny. Everyone expect  me to do a  well a  the other , but if I do, it’  no big deal, becau e they did it fir t. You never get anything new, either, with five brother . I’ve got Bill’  old robe , Charlie’  old wand, and Percy’  old rat.” Ron reached in ide hi  jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which wa  a leep. “Hi  name’  Scabber  and he’  u ele , he hardly ever wake  up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn’t aff — I mean, I got Scabber  in tead.” Ron’  ear  went pink. He  eemed to think he’d  aid too much, becau e he went back to  taring out of the window. Harry didn’t think there wa  anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all, he’d never had any money in hi  life until a month ago, and he told Ron  o, all about having to wear Dudley’  old clothe  and never getting proper birthday pre ent . Thi   eemed to cheer Ron up. “…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parent  or Voldemort —” Ron ga ped. “What?”  aid Harry. “You  aid You-Know-Who’  name!”  aid Ron,  ounding both  hocked and impre ed. “I’d have thought you, of all people —” “I’m not trying to be brave or anything,  aying the name,”  aid Harry, “I ju t never knew you  houldn’t. See what I mean? I’ve got load  to learn.…I bet,” he added, voicing for the fir t time  omething that had been worrying him a lot lately, “I bet I’m the wor t in the cla .” “You won’t be. There’  load  of people who come from Muggle familie  and they learn quick enough.” While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London. Now they were  peeding pa t field  full of cow  and  heep. They were quiet for a time, watching the field  and lane  flick pa t. Around half pa t twelve there wa  a great clattering out ide in the corridor and a  miling, dimpled woman  lid back their door and  aid, “Anything off the cart, dear ?” Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfa t, leapt to hi  feet, but Ron’  ear  went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought  andwiche . Harry went out into the corridor. He had never had any money for candy with the Dur ley , and now that he had pocket  rattling with gold and  ilver he wa  ready to buy a  many Mar  Bar  a  he could carry — but the woman didn’t have Mar  Bar . What  he did have were Bettie Bott’  Every Flavor Bean , Drooble’  Be t Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frog . Pumpkin Pa tie , Cauldron Cake , Licorice Wand , and a number of other  trange thing  Harry had never  een in hi  life. Not wanting to mi  anything, he got  ome of everything and paid the woman eleven  ilver Sickle  and  even bronze Knut . Ron  tared a  Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty  eat. “Hungry, are you?” “Starving,”  aid Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pa ty. Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four  andwiche  in ide. He pulled one of them apart and  aid, “She alway  forget  I don’t like corned beef..” “Swap you for one of the e,”  aid Harry, holding up a pa ty. “Go on —” “You don’t want thi , it’  all dry,”  aid Ron. “She ha n’t got much time,” he added quickly, “you know, with five of u .” “Go on, have a pa ty,”  aid Harry, who had never had anything to  hare before or, indeed, anyone to  hare it with. It wa  a nice feeling,  itting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry’  pa tie , cake , and candie  (the  andwiche  lay forgotten). “What are the e?” Harry a ked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frog . “They’re not really frog , are they?” He wa   tarting to feel that nothing would  urpri e him. “No,”  aid Ron. “But  ee what the card i . I’m mi ing Agrippa.” “What?” “Oh, of cour e, you wouldn’t know — Chocolate Frog  have card , in ide them, you know, to collect — famou  witche  and wizard . I’ve got about five hundred, but I haven’t got Agrippa or Ptolemy.” Harry unwrapped hi  Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It  howed a man’  face. He wore half-moon gla e , had a long, crooked no e, and flowing  ilver hair, beard, and mu tache. Underneath the picture wa  the name Albu  Dumbledore. “So thi  i  Dumbledore!”  aid Harry. “Don’t tell me you’d never heard of Dumbledore!”  aid Ron. “Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa — thank  —” Harry turned over hi  card and read: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS C on idered by many the greate t wizard of modern time , Dumbledore i  particularly famou  for hi  defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the di covery of the twelve u e  of dragon’  blood, and hi  work on alchemy with hi  partner, Nicola  Flamel. Profe or Dumbledore enjoy  chamber mu ic and tenpin bowling. Harry turned the card back over and  aw, to hi  a toni hment, that Dumbledore’  face had di appeared. “He’  gone!” “Well, you can’t expect him to hang around all day,”  aid Ron. “He’ll be back. No, I’ve got Morgana again and I’ve got about  ix of her…do you want it? You can  tart collecting.” Ron’  eye   trayed to the pile of Chocolate Frog  waiting to be unwrapped. “Help your elf,”  aid Harry. “But in, you know, the Muggle world, people ju t  tay put in photo .” “Do they? What, they don’t move at all?” Ron  ounded amazed. “Weird!” Harry  tared a  Dumbledore  idled back into the picture on hi  card and gave him a  mall  mile. Ron wa  more intere ted in eating the frog  than looking at the Famou  Witche  and Wizard  card , but Harry couldn’t keep hi  eye  off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengi t of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracel u , and Merlin. He finally tore hi  eye  away from the Druide  Cliodna, who wa   cratching her no e, to open a bag of Bertie Bott’  Every Flavor Bean . “You want to be careful with tho e,” Ron warned Harry. “When they  ay every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary one  like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get  pinach and liver and tripe. George reckon  he had a booger-flavored one once.” Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner. “Bleaaargh —  ee? Sprout .” They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Bean . Harry got toa t, coconut, baked bean,  trawberry, curry, gra , coffee,  ardine, and wa  even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper. The country ide now flying pa t the window wa  becoming wilder. The neat field  had gone. Now there were wood , twi ting river , and dark green hill . There wa  a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had pa ed on platform nine and three-quarter  came in. He looked tearful. “Sorry,” he  aid, “but have you  een a toad at all?” When they  hook their head , he wailed, “I’ve lo t him! He keep  getting away from me!” “He’ll turn up,”  aid Harry. “Ye ,”  aid the boy mi erably. “Well, if you  ee him…” He left. “Don’t know why he’   o bothered,”  aid Ron. “If I’d brought a toad I’d lo e it a  quick a  I could. Mind you, I brought Scabber ,  o I can’t talk.” The rat wa   till  noozing on Ron’  lap. “He might have died and you wouldn’t know the difference,”  aid Ron in di gu t. “I tried to turn him yellow ye terday to make him more intere ting, but the  pell didn’t work. I’ll  how you, look…” He rummaged around in hi  trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand. It wa  chipped in place  and  omething white wa  glinting at the end. “Unicorn hair’  nearly poking out. Anyway —” He had ju t rai ed hi  wand when the compartment door  lid open again. The toadle  boy wa  back, but thi  time he had a girl with him. She wa  already wearing her new Hogwart  robe . “Ha  anyone  een a toad? Neville’  lo t one,”  he  aid. She had a bo y  ort of voice, lot  of bu hy brown hair, and rather large front teeth. “We’ve already told him we haven’t  een it,”  aid Ron, but the girl wa n’t li tening,  he wa  looking at the wand in hi  hand. “Oh, are you doing magic? Let’   ee it, then.” She  at down. Ron looked taken aback. “Er — all right.” He cleared hi  throat. “Sun hine, dai ie , butter mellow, Turn thi   tupid, fat rat yellow.” He waved hi  wand, but nothing happened. Scabber   tayed gray and fa t a leep. “Are you  ure that’  a real  pell?”  aid the girl. “Well, it’  not very good, i  it? I’ve tried a few  imple  pell  ju t for practice and it’  all worked for me. Nobody in my family’  magic at all, it wa  ever  uch a  urpri e when I got my letter, but I wa  ever  o plea ed, of cour e, I mean, it’  the very be t  chool of witchcraft there i , I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our cour e book  by heart, of cour e, I ju t hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?” She  aid all thi  very fa t. Harry looked at Ron, and wa  relieved to  ee by hi   tunned face that he hadn’t learned all the cour e book  by heart either. “I’m Ron Wea ley,” Ron muttered. “Harry Potter,”  aid Harry. “Are you really?”  aid Hermione. “I know all about you, of cour e — I got a few extra book , for background reading, and you’re in Modern Magical Hi tory and The Ri e and Fall of the Dark Art  and Great Wizarding Event  of the Twentieth Century.” “Am I?”  aid Harry, feeling dazed. “Goodne , didn’t you know, I’d have found out everything I could if it wa  me,”  aid Hermione. “Do either of you know what hou e you’ll be in? I’ve been a king around, and I hope I’m in Gryffindor, it  ound  by far the be t; I hear Dumbledore him elf wa  in it, but I  uppo e Ravenclaw wouldn’t be too bad....Anyway, we’d better go and look for Neville’  toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we’ll be there  oon.” And  he left, taking the toadle  boy with her. “Whatever hou e I’m in, I hope  he’  not in it,”  aid Ron. He threw hi  wand back into hi  trunk. “Stupid  pell — George gave it to me, bet he knew it wa  a dud.” “What hou e are your brother  in?” a ked Harry. “Gryffindor,”  aid Ron. Gloom  eemed to be  ettling on him again. “Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don’t know what they’ll  ay if I’m not. I don’t  uppo e Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin.” “That’  the hou e Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who wa  in?” “Yeah,”  aid Ron. He flopped back into hi   eat, looking depre ed. “You know, I think the end  of Scabber ’ whi ker  are a bit lighter,”  aid Harry, trying to take Ron’  mind off hou e . “So what do your olde t brother  do now that they’ve left, anyway?” Harry wa  wondering what a wizard did once he’d fini hed  chool. “Charlie’  in Romania  tudying dragon , and Bill’  in Africa doing  omething for Gringott ,”  aid Ron. “Did you hear about Gringott ? It’  been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don’t  uppo e you get that with the Muggle  —  omeone tried to rob a high  ecurity vault.” Harry  tared. “Really? What happened to them?” “Nothing, that’  why it’   uch big new . They haven’t been caught. My dad  ay  it mu t’ve been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringott , but they don’t think they took anything, that’  what’  odd. ’Cour e, everyone get   cared when  omething like thi  happen  in ca e You-Know-Who’  behind it.” Harry turned thi  new  over in hi  mind. He wa   tarting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who wa  mentioned. He  uppo ed thi  wa  all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable  aying “Voldemort” without worrying. “What’  your Quidditch team?” Ron a ked. “Er — I don’t know any.” Harry confe ed. “What!” Ron looked dumbfounded. “Oh, you wait, it’  the be t game in the world —” And he wa  off, explaining all about the four ball  and the po ition  of the  even player , de cribing famou  game  he’d been to with hi  brother  and the broom tick he’d like to get if he had the money. He wa  ju t taking Harry through the finer point  of the game when the compartment door  lid open yet again, but it wa n’t Neville the toadle  boy, or Hermione Granger thi  time. Three boy  entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it wa  the pale boy from Madam Malkin’  robe  hop. He wa  looking at Harry with a lot more intere t than he’d  hown back in Diagon Alley. “I  it true?” he  aid. “They’re  aying all down the train that Harry Potter’  in thi  compartment. So it’  you, i  it?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. He wa  looking at the other boy . Both of them were thick et and looked extremely mean. Standing on either  ide of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguard . “Oh, thi  i  Crabbe and thi  i  Goyle,”  aid the pale boy carele ly, noticing where Harry wa  looking. “And my name’  Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.” Ron gave a  light cough, which might have been hiding a  nigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him. “Think my name’  funny, do you? No need to a k who you are. My father told me all the Wea ley  have red hair, freckle , and more children than they can afford.” He turned back to Harry. “You’ll  oon find out  ome wizarding familie  are much better than other , Potter. You don’t want to go making friend  with the wrong  ort. I can help you there.” He held out hi  hand to  hake Harry’ , but Harry didn’t take it. “I think I can tell who the wrong  ort are for my elf, thank ,” he  aid coolly. Draco Malfoy didn’t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in hi  pale cheek . “I’d be careful if I were you, Potter,” he  aid  lowly. “Unle  you’re a bit politer you’ll go the  ame way a  your parent . They didn’t know what wa  good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Wea ley  and that Hagrid, and it’ll rub off on you.” Both Harry and Ron  tood up. “Say that again,” Ron  aid, hi  face a  red a  hi  hair. “Oh, you’re going to fight u , are you?” Malfoy  neered. “Unle  you get out now,”  aid Harry, more bravely than he felt, becau e Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron. “But we don’t feet like leaving, do we, boy ? We’ve eaten all our food and you  till  eem to have  ome.” Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frog  next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d  o much a  touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. Scabber  the rat wa  hanging off hi  finger,  harp little teeth  unk deep into Goyle’  knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away a  Goyle  wung Scabber  round and round, howling, and when Scabber  finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them di appeared at once. Perhap  they thought there were more rat  lurking among the  weet , or perhap  they’d heard foot tep , becau e a  econd later, Hermione Granger had come in. “What ha  been going on?”  he  aid, looking at the  weet  all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabber  by hi  tail. “I think he’  been knocked out,” Ron  aid to Harry. He looked clo er at Scabber . “No — I don’t believe it — he’  gone back to  leep.” And  o he had. “You’ve met Malfoy before?” Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley. “I’ve heard of hi  family,”  aid Ron darkly. “They were  ome of the fir t to come back to our  ide after You-Know-Who di appeared. Said they’d been bewitched. My dad doe n’t believe it. He  ay  Malfoy’  father didn’t need an excu e to go over to the Dark Side.” He turned to Hermione. “Can we help you with  omething?” “You’d better hurry up and put your robe  on, I’ve ju t been up to the front to a k the conductor, and he  ay  we’re nearly there. You haven’t been fighting, have you? You’ll be in trouble before we even get there!” “Scabber  ha  been fighting, not u ,”  aid Ron,  cowling at her. “Would you mind leaving while we change?” “All right — I only came in here becau e people out ide are behaving very childi hly, racing up and down the corridor ,”  aid Hermione in a  niffy voice. “And you’ve got dirt on your no e, by the way, did you know?” Ron glared at her a   he left. Harry peered out of the window. It wa  getting dark. He could  ee mountain  and fore t  under a deep purple  ky. The train did  eem to be  lowing down. He and Ron took off their jacket  and pulled on their long black robe . Ron’  were a bit  hort for him, you could  ee hi   neaker  underneath them. A voice echoed through the train: “We will be reaching Hogwart  in five minute ’ time. Plea e leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the  chool  eparately.” Harry’   tomach lurched with nerve  and Ron, he  aw, looked pale under hi  freckle . They crammed their pocket  with the la t of the  weet  and joined the crowd thronging the corridor. The train  lowed right down and finally  topped. People pu hed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Harry  hivered in the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the head  of the  tudent , and Harry heard a familiar voice: “Fir ’ year ! Fir ’ year  over here! All right there, Harry?” Hagrid’  big hairy face beamed over the  ea of head . “C’mon, follow me — any more fir ’ year ? Mind yer  tep, now! Fir ’ year  follow me!” Slipping and  tumbling, they followed Hagrid down what  eemed to be a  teep, narrow path. It wa   o dark on either  ide of them that Harry thought there mu t be thick tree  there. Nobody  poke much. Neville, the boy who kept lo ing hi  toad,  niffed once or twice. “Yeh’ll get yer fir ’  ight o’ Hogwart  in a  ec,” Hagrid called over hi   houlder, “ju ’ round thi  bend here.” There wa  a loud “Oooooh!” The narrow path had opened  uddenly onto the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other  ide, it  window   parkling in the  tarry  ky, wa  a va t ca tle with many turret  and tower . “No more’n four to a boat!” Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boat   itting in the water by the  hore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione. “Everyone in?”  houted Hagrid, who had a boat to him elf. “Right then — FORWARD!” And the fleet of little boat  moved off all at once, gliding acro  the lake, which wa  a   mooth a  gla . Everyone wa   ilent,  taring up at the great ca tle overhead. It towered over them a  they  ailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it  tood. “Head  down!” yelled Hagrid a  the fir t boat  reached the cliff; they all bent their head  and the little boat  carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel, which  eemed to be taking them right underneath the ca tle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rock  and pebble . “Oy, you there! I  thi  your toad?”  aid Hagrid, who wa  checking the boat  a  people climbed out of them. “Trevor!” cried Neville bli fully, holding out hi  hand . Then they clambered up a pa ageway in the rock after Hagrid’  lamp, coming out at la t onto  mooth, damp gra  right in the  hadow of the ca tle. They walked up a flight of  tone  tep  and crowded around the huge, oak front door. “Everyone here? You there,  till got yer toad?” Hagrid rai ed a gigantic fi t and knocked three time  on the ca tle door. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER SEVEN THE SORTING HAT T he door  wung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robe   tood there. She had a very  tern face and Harry’  fir t thought wa  that thi  wa  not  omeone to cro . “The fir ’ year , Profe or McGonagall,”  aid Hagrid. “Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here.” She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall wa   o big you could have fit the whole of the Dur ley ’ hou e in it. The  tone wall  were lit with flaming torche  like the one  at Gringott , the ceiling wa  too high to make out, and a magnificent marble  tairca e facing them led to the upper floor . They followed Profe or McGonagall acro  the flagged  tone floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundred  of voice  from a doorway to the right — the re t of the  chool mu t already be here — but Profe or McGonagall  howed the fir t year  into a  mall, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in,  tanding rather clo er together than they would u ually have done, peering about nervou ly. “Welcome to Hogwart ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “The  tart-of-term banquet will begin  hortly, but before you take your  eat  in the Great Hall, you will be  orted into your hou e . The Sorting i  a very important ceremony becau e, while you are here, your hou e will be  omething like your family within Hogwart . You will have cla e  with the re t of your hou e,  leep in your hou e dormitory, and  pend free time in your hou e common room. “The four hou e  are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each hou e ha  it  own noble hi tory and each ha  produced out tanding witche  and wizard . While you are at Hogwart , your triumph  will earn your hou e point , while any rulebreaking will lo e hou e point . At the end of the year, the hou e with the mo t point  i  awarded the hou e cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever hou e become  your . “The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minute  in front of the re t of the  chool. I  ugge t you all  marten your elve  up a  much a  you can while you are waiting.” Her eye  lingered for a moment on Neville’  cloak, which wa  fa tened under hi  left ear, and on Ron’   mudged no e. Harry nervou ly tried to flatten hi  hair. “I  hall return when we are ready for you,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Plea e wait quietly.” She left the chamber. Harry  wallowed. “How exactly do they  ort u  into hou e ?” he a ked Ron. “Some  ort of te t, I think. Fred  aid it hurt  a lot, but I think he wa  joking.” Harry’  heart gave a horrible jolt. A te t? In front of the whole  chool? But he didn’t know any magic yet —what on earth would he have to do? He hadn’t expected  omething like thi  the moment they arrived. He looked around anxiou ly and  aw that everyone el e looked terrified, too. No one wa  talking much except Hermione Granger, who wa  whi pering very fa t about all the  pell   he’d learned and wondering which one  he’d need. Harry tried hard not to li ten to her. He’d never been more nervou , never, not even when he’d had to take a  chool report home to the Dur ley   aying that he’d  omehow turned hi  teacher’  wig blue. He kept hi  eye  fixed on the door. Any  econd now, Profe or McGonagall would come back and lead him to hi  doom. Then  omething happened that made him jump about a foot in the air —  everal people behind him  creamed. “What the —?” He ga ped. So did the people around him. About twenty gho t  had ju t  treamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and  lightly tran parent, they glided acro  the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the fir t year . They  eemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat little monk wa   aying: “Forgive and forget, I  ay, we ought to give him a  econd chance —” “My dear Friar, haven’t we given Peeve  all the chance  he de erve ? He give  u  all a bad name and you know, he’  not really even a gho t — I  ay, what are you all doing here?” A gho t wearing a ruff and tight  had  uddenly noticed the fir t year . Nobody an wered. “New  tudent !”  aid the Fat Friar,  miling around at them. “About to be Sorted, I  uppo e?” A few people nodded mutely. “Hope to  ee you in Hufflepuff!”  aid the Friar. “My old hou e, you know.” “Move along now,”  aid a  harp voice. “The Sorting Ceremony’  about to  tart.” Profe or McGonagall had returned. One by one, the gho t  floated away through the oppo ite wall. “Now, form a line,” Profe or McGonagall told the fir t year , “and follow me.” Feeling oddly a  though hi  leg  had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with  andy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back acro  the hall, and through a pair of double door  into the Great Hall. Harry had never even imagined  uch a  trange and  plendid place. It wa  lit by thou and  and thou and  of candle  that were floating in midair over four long table , where the re t of the  tudent  were  itting. The e table  were laid with glittering golden plate  and goblet . At the top of the hall wa  another long table where the teacher  were  itting. Profe or McGonagall led the fir t year  up here,  o that they came to a halt in a line facing the other  tudent , with the teacher  behind them. The hundred  of face   taring at them looked like pale lantern  in the flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the  tudent , the gho t   hone mi ty  ilver. Mainly to avoid all the  taring eye , Harry looked upward and  aw a velvety black ceiling dotted with  tar . He heard Hermione whi per, “It  bewitched to look like the  ky out ide. I read about it in Hogwart , A Hi tory.” It wa  hard to believe there wa  a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn’t  imply open on to the heaven . Harry quickly looked down again a  Profe or McGonagall  ilently placed a four-legged  tool in front of the fir t year . On top of the  tool  he put a pointed wizard’  hat. Thi  hat wa  patched and frayed and extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn’t have let it in the hou e. Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that  eemed the  ort of thing — noticing that everyone in the hall wa  now  taring at the hat, he  tared at it, too. For a few  econd , there wa  complete  ilence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to  ing: “Oh, you may not think I’m pretty, But don’t judge on what you  ee, I’ll eat my elf if you can find A  marter hat than me. You can keep your bowler  black, Your top hat   leek and tall, For I’m the Hogwart  Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There’  nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can’t  ee, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindor  apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are ju t and loyal, Tho e patient Hufflepuff  are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wi e old Ravenclaw, if you’ve a ready mind, Where tho e of wit and learning, Will alway  find their kind; Or perhap  in Slytherin You’ll make your real friend , Tho e cunning folk u e any mean  To achieve their end . So put me on! Don’t be afraid! And don’t get in a flap! You’re in  afe hand  (though I have none) For I’m a Thinking Cap!” The whole hall bur t into applau e a  the hat fini hed it   ong. It bowed to each of the four table  and then became quite  till again. “So we’ve ju t got to try on the hat!” Ron whi pered to Harry. “I’ll kill Fred, he wa  going on about wre tling a troll.” Harry.  miled weakly. Ye , trying on the hat wa  a lot better than having to do a  pell, but he did wi h they could have tried it on without everyone watching. The hat  eemed to be a king rather a lot; Harry didn’t feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. If only the hat had mentioned a hou e for people who felt a bit quea y, that would have been the one for him. Profe or McGonagall now  tepped forward holding a long roll of parchment. “When I call your name, you will put on the hat and  it on the  tool to be  orted,”  he  aid. “Abbott, Hannah!” A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtail   tumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eye , and  at down. A moment  pau e — “HUFFLEPUFF!”  houted the hat. The table on the right cheered and clapped a  Hannah went to  it down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry  aw the gho t of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her. “Bone , Su an!” “HUFFLEPUFF!”  houted the hat again, and Su an  cuttled off to  it next to Hannah. “Boot, Terry!” “RAVENCLAW!” The table  econd from the left clapped thi  time;  everal Ravenclaw   tood up to  hake hand  with Terry a  he joined them. “Brocklehur t, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the fir t new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheer ; Harry could  ee Ron’  twin brother  catcalling. “Bul trode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin. Perhap  it wa  Harry’  imagination, after all he’d heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unplea ant lot. He wa   tarting to feel definitely  ick now. He remembered being picked for team  during gym at hi  old  chool. He had alway  been la t to be cho en, not becau e he wa  no good, but becau e no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him. “Finch-Fletchley, Ju tin!” “HUFFLEPUFF!” Sometime , Harry noticed, the hat  houted out the hou e at once, but at other  it took a little while to decide. “Finnigan, Seamu ,” the  andy-haired boy next to Harry in the line,  at on the  tool for almo t a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor. “Granger, Hermione!” Her mione almo t ran to the  tool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head. “GRYFFINDOR!”  houted the hat. Ron groaned. A horrible thought  truck Harry, a  horrible thought  alway  do when you’re very nervou . What if he wa n’t cho en at all? What if he ju t  at there with the hat over hi  eye  for age , until Profe or McGonagall jerked it off hi  head and  aid there had obviou ly been a mi take and he’d better get back on the train? When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept lo ing hi  toad, wa  called, he fell over on hi  way to the  tool. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When it finally  houted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off  till wearing it, and had to jog back amid gale  of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.” Malfoy  waggered forward when hi  name wa  called and got hi  wi h at once: the hat had barely touched hi  head when it  creamed, “SLYTHERIN!” Malfoy went to join hi  friend  Crabbe and Goyle, looking plea ed with him elf. There weren’t many people left now. “Moon”…, “Nott”…, “Parkin on”…, then a pair of twin girl , “Patil” and “Patil”…, then “Perk , Sally-Anne”…, and then, at la t — “Potter, Harry!” A  Harry  tepped forward, whi per   uddenly broke out like little hi ing fire  all over the hall. “Potter, did  he  ay?” “The Harry Potter?” The la t thing Harry  aw before the hat dropped over hi  eye  wa  the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next  econd he wa  looking at the black in ide of the hat. He waited. “Hmm,”  aid a  mall voice in hi  ear. “Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I  ee. Not a bad mind either. There’  talent, A my goodne , ye  — and a nice thir t to prove your elf, now that’  intere ting….So where  hall I put you?” Harry gripped the edge  of the  tool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin. “Not Slytherin, eh?”  aid the  mall voice. “Are you  ure? You could be great, you know, it’  all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatne , no doubt about that — no? Well, if you’re  ure — better be GRYFFINDOR!” Harry heard the hat  hout the la t word to the whole hall. He took off the hat and walked  hakily toward the Gryffindor table. He wa   o relieved to have been cho en and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he wa  getting the loude t cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and  hook hi  hand vigorou ly, while the Wea ley twin  yelled, “We got Potter! We got Potter!” Harry  at down oppo ite the gho t in the ruff he’d  een earlier. The gho t patted hi  arm, giving Harry the  udden, horrible feeling he’d ju t plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water. He could  ee the High Table properly now. At the end neare t him  at Hagrid, who caught hi  eye and gave him the thumb  up. Harry grinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair,  at Albu  Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once from the card he’d gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. Dumbledore’   ilver hair wa  the only thing in the whole hall that  hone a  brightly a  the gho t . Harry  potted Profe or Quirrell, too, the nervou  young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He wa  looking very peculiar in a large purple turban. And now there were only three people left to be  orted. “Thoma , Dean,” a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. “Turpin, Li a,” became a Ravenclaw and then it wa  Ron’  turn. He wa  pale green by now. Harry cro ed hi  finger  under the table and a  econd later the hat had  houted, “GRYFFINDOR!” Harry clapped loudly with the re t a  Ron collap ed into the chair next to him. “Well done, Ron, excellent,”  aid Percy Wea ley pompou ly acro  Harry a  “Zabini, Blai e,” wa  made a Slytherin. Profe or McGonagall rolled up her  croll and took the Sorting Hat away. Harry looked down at hi  empty gold plate. He had only ju t realized how hungry he wa . The pumpkin pa tie   eemed age  ago. Albu  Dumbledore had gotten to hi  feet. He wa  beaming at the  tudent , hi  arm  opened wide, a  if nothing could have plea ed him more than to  ee them all there. “Welcome,” he  aid. “Welcome to a new year at Hogwart ! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to  ay a few word . And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! “Thank you!” He  at back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Harry didn’t know whether to laugh or not. “I  he — a bit mad?” he a ked Percy uncertainly. “Mad?”  aid Percy airily. “He’  a geniu ! Be t wizard in the world! But he i  a bit mad, ye . Potatoe , Harry?” Harry’  mouth fell open. The di he  in front of him were now piled with food. He had never  een  o many thing  he liked to eat on one table: roa t beef, roa t chicken, pork chop  and lamb chop ,  au age , bacon and  teak, boiled potatoe , roa t potatoe , frie , York hire pudding, pea , carrot , gravy, ketchup, and, for  ome  trange rea on, peppermint humbug . The Dur ley  had never exactly  tarved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat a  much a  he liked. Dudley had alway  taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if It made him  ick. Harry piled hi  plate with a bit of everything except the peppermint  and began to eat. It wa  all deliciou . “That doe  look good,”  aid the gho t in the ruff  adly, watching Harry cut up hi   teak. “Can’t you —?” “I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred year ,”  aid the gho t. “I don’t need to, of cour e, but one doe  mi  it. I don’t think I’ve introduced my elf? Sir Nichola  de Mim y-Porpington at your  ervice. Re ident gho t of Gryffindor Tower.” “I know who you are!”  aid Ron  uddenly. “My brother  told me about you — you’re Nearly Headle  Nick!” “I would prefer you to call me Sir Nichola  de Mim y —” the gho t began  tiffly, but  andy-haired Seamu  Finnigan interrupted. “Nearly Headle ? How can you be nearly headle ?” Sir Nichola  looked extremely miffed, a  if their little chat wa n’t going at all the way he wanted. “Like thi ,” he  aid irritably. He  eized hi  left ear and pulled. Hi  whole head  wung off hi  neck and fell onto hi   houlder a  if it wa  on a hinge. Someone had obviou ly tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking plea ed at the  tunned look  on their face , Nearly Headle  Nick flipped hi  head back onto hi  neck, coughed, and  aid, “So — new Gryffindor ! I hope you’re going to help u  win the hou e champion hip thi  year? Gryffindor  have never gone  o long without winning. Slytherin  have got the cup  ix year  in a row! The Bloody Baron’  becoming almo t unbearable — he’  the Slytherin gho t.” Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and  aw a horrible gho t  itting there, with blank  taring eye , a gaunt face, and robe   tained with  ilver blood. He wa  right next to Malfoy who, Harry wa  plea ed to  ee, didn’t look too plea ed with the  eating arrangement . “How did he get covered in blood?” a ked Seamu  with great intere t. “I’ve never a ked,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick delicately. When everyone had eaten a  much a  they could, the remain  of the food faded from the plate , leaving them  parkling clean a  before. A moment later the de ert  appeared. Block  of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pie , treacle tart , chocolate eclair  and jam doughnut , trifle,  trawberrie , Jell-O, rice pudding… A  Harry helped him elf to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their familie . “I’m half-and-half,”  aid Seamu . “Me dad’  a Muggle. Mom didn’t tell him  he wa  a witch ’til after they were married. Bit of a na ty  hock for him.” The other  laughed. “What about you, Neville?”  aid Ron. “Well, my gran brought me up and  he’  a witch,”  aid Neville, “but the family thought I wa  all-Muggle for age . My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force  ome magic out of me — he pu hed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned — but nothing happened until I wa  eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he wa  hanging me out of an up tair  window by the ankle  when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bounced — all the way down the garden and into the road. They were all really plea ed, Gran wa  crying,  he wa   o happy. And you  hould have  een their face  when I got in here — they thought I might not be magic enough to come, you  ee. Great Uncle Algie wa   o plea ed he bought me my toad.” On Harry’  other  ide, Percy Wea ley and Hermione were talking about le on  (“I do hope they  tart right away, there’   o much to learn, I’m particularly intere ted in Tran figuration, you know, turning  omething into  omething el e, of cour e, it’   uppo ed to be very difficult —”; “You’ll be  tarting  mall, ju t matche  into needle  and that  ort of thing — ”). Harry, who wa   tarting to feel warm and  leepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid wa  drinking deeply from hi  goblet. Profe or McGonagall wa  talking to Profe or Dumbledore. Profe or Quirrell, in hi  ab urd turban, wa  talking to a teacher with grea y black hair, a hooked no e, and  allow  kin. It happened very  uddenly. The hook-no ed teacher looked pa t Quirrell’  turban  traight into Harry’  eye  — and a  harp, hot pain  hot acro  the  car on Harry’  forehead. “Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to hi  head. “What i  it?” a ked Percy. “N-nothing.” The pain had gone a  quickly a  it had come. Harder to  hake off wa  the feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher’  look — a feeling that he didn’t like Harry at all. “Who’  that teacher talking to Profe or Quirrell?” he a ked Percy. “Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he’  looking  o nervou , that’  Profe or Snape. He teache  Potion , but he doe n’t want to — everyone know  he’  after Quirrell’  job. Know  an awful lot about the Dark Art , Snape.” Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn’t look at him again. At la t, the de ert  too di appeared, and Profe or Dumbledore got to hi  feet again. The hall fell  ilent. “Ahem — ju t a few more word  now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few  tart-of-term notice  to give you. “Fir t year   hould note that the fore t on the ground  i  forbidden to all pupil . And a few of our older  tudent  would do well to remember that a  well.” Dumbledore’  twinkling eye  fla hed in the direction of the Wea ley twin . “I have al o been a ked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic  hould be u ed between cla e  in the corridor . “Quidditch trial  will be held in the  econd week of the term. Anyone intere ted in playing for their hou e team   hould contact Madam Hooch. “And finally, I mu t tell you that thi  year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand  ide i  out of bound  to everyone who doe  not wi h to die a very painful death.” Harry laughed, but he wa  one of the few who did. “He’  not  eriou ?” he muttered to Percy. “Mu t be,”  aid Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. “It’  odd, becau e he u ually give  u  a rea on why we’re not allowed to go  omewhere — the fore t’  full of dangerou  bea t , everyone know  that. I do think he might have told u  prefect , at lea t.” “And now, before we go to bed, let u   ing the  chool  ong!” cried Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teacher ’  mile  had become rather fixed. Dumbledore gave hi  wand a little flick, a  if he wa  trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which ro e high above the table  and twi ted it elf,  nakelike, into word . “Everyone pick their favorite tune,”  aid Dumbledore, “and off we go!” And the  chool bellowed: “Hogwart , Hogwart , Hoggy Warty Hogwart , Teach u   omething plea e, Whether we be old and bald Or young with  cabby knee , Our head  could do with filling With  ome intere ting  tuff, For now they’re bare and full of air, Dead flie  and bit  of fluff, So teach u  thing  worth knowing, Bring back what we’ve forgot, ju t do your be t, we’ll do the re t, And learn until our brain  all rot.” Everybody fini hed the  ong at different time . At la t, only the Wea ley twin  were left  inging along to a very  low funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their la t few line  with hi  wand and when they had fini hed, he wa  one of tho e who clapped loude t. “Ah, mu ic,” he  aid, wiping hi  eye . “A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!” The Gryffindor fir t year  followed Percy through the chattering crowd , out of the Great Hall, and up the marble  tairca e. Harry’  leg  were like lead again, but only becau e he wa   o tired and full of food. He wa  too  leepy even to be  urpri ed that the people in the portrait  along the corridor  whi pered and pointed a  they pa ed, or that twice Percy led them through doorway  hidden behind  liding panel  and hanging tape trie . They climbed more  tairca e , yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry wa  ju t wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a  udden halt. A bundle of walking  tick  wa  floating in midair ahead of them, and a  Percy took a  tep toward them they  tarted throwing them elve  at him. “Peeve ,” Percy whi pered to the fir t year . “A poltergei t.” He rai ed hi  voice, “Peeve  —  how your elf.” A loud, rude  ound, like the air being let out of a balloon, an wered. “Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?” There wa  a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eye  and a wide mouth appeared, floating cro -legged in the air, clutching the walking  tick . “Oooooooh!” he  aid, with an evil cackle. “Ickle Fir tie ! What fun!” He  wooped  uddenly at them. They all ducked. “Go away, Peeve , or the Baron’ll hear about thi , I mean it!” barked Percy. Peeve   tuck out hi  tongue and vani hed, dropping the walking  tick  on Neville’  head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coat  of armor a  he pa ed. “You want to watch out for Peeve ,”  aid Percy, a  they  et off again. “The Bloody Baron’  the only one who can control him, he won’t even li ten to u  prefect . Here we are.” At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink  ilk dre . “Pa word?”  he  aid. “Caput Draconi ,”  aid Percy, and the portrait  wung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all  crambled through it — Neville needed a leg up — and found them elve  in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of  qua hy armchair . Percy directed the girl  through one door to their dormitory and the boy  through another. At the top of a  piral  tairca e — they were obviou ly in one of the tower  — they found their bed  at la t: five four-po ter  hung with deep red, velvet curtain . Their trunk  had already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajama  and fell into bed. “Great food, i n’t it?” Ron muttered to Harry through the hanging . “Get off, Scabber ! He’  chewing my  heet .” Harry wa  going to a k Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell a leep almo t at once. Perhap  Harry had eaten a bit too much, becau e he had a very  trange dream. He wa  wearing Profe or Quirrell’  turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he mu t tran fer to Slytherin at once, becau e it wa  hi  de tiny. Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there wa  Malfoy, laughing at him a  he  truggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-no ed teacher, Snape, who e laugh became high and cold — there wa  a bur t of green light and Harry woke,  weating and  haking. He rolled over and fell a leep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER EIGHT THE POTIONS MASTER T here, look.” “Where?” “Next to the tall kid with the red hair.” “Wearing the gla e ?” “Did you  ee hi  face?” “Did you  ee hi   car?” Whi per  followed Harry from the moment he left hi  dormitory the next day. People lining up out ide cla room   tood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pa  him in the corridor  again,  taring. Harry wi hed they wouldn’t, becau e he wa  trying to concentrate on finding hi  way to cla e . There were a hundred and forty-two  tairca e  at Hogwart : wide,  weeping one ; narrow, rickety one ;  ome that led  omewhere different on a Friday;  ome with a vani hing  tep halfway up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were door  that wouldn’t open unle  you a ked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and door  that weren’t really door  at all, but  olid wall  ju t pretending. It wa  al o very hard to remember where anything wa , becau e it all  eemed to move around a lot. The people in the portrait  kept going to vi it each other, and Harry wa   ure the coat  of armor could walk. The gho t  didn’t help, either. It wa  alway  a na ty  hock when one of them glided  uddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headle  Nick wa  alway  happy to point new Gryffindor  in the right direction, but Peeve  the Poltergei t wa  worth two locked door  and a trick  tairca e if you met him when you were late for cla . He would drop wa tepaper ba ket  on your head, pull rug  from under your feet, pelt you with bit  of chalk, or  neak up behind you, invi ible, grab your no e, and  creech, “GOT YOUR CONK!” Even wor e than Peeve , if that wa  po ible, wa  the caretaker, Argu  Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong  ide of him on their very fir t morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bound  corridor on the third floor. He wouldn’t believe they were lo t, wa   ure they were trying to break into it on purpo e, and wa  threatening to lock them in the dungeon  when they were re cued by Profe or Quirrell, who wa  pa ing. Filch owned a cat called Mr . Norri , a  crawny, du t-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eye  ju t like Filch’ . She patrolled the corridor  alone. Break a rule in front of her, put ju t one toe out of line, and  he’d whi k off for Filch, who’d appear, wheezing, two  econd  later. Filch knew the  ecret pa ageway  of the  chool better than anyone (except perhap  the Wea ley twin ) and could pop up a   uddenly a  any of the gho t . The  tudent  all hated him, and it wa  the deare t ambition of many to give Mr . Norri  a good kick. And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the cla e  them elve . There wa  a lot more to magic, a  Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and  aying a few funny word . They had to  tudy the night  kie  through their tele cope  every Wedne day at midnight and learn the name  of different  tar  and the movement  of the planet . Three time  a week they went out to the greenhou e  behind the ca tle to  tudy Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Profe or Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the  trange plant  and fungi, and found out what they were u ed for. Ea ily the mo t boring cla  wa  Hi tory of Magic, which wa  the only one taught by a gho t. Profe or Binn  had been very old indeed when he had fallen a leep in front of the  taff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving hi  body behind him. Binn  droned on and on while they  cribbled down name  and date , and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up. Profe or Flitwick, the Charm  teacher, wa  a tiny little wizard who had to  tand on a pile of book  to  ee over hi  de k. At the  tart of their fir t cla  he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry’  name he gave an excited  queak and toppled out of  ight. Profe or McGonagall wa  again different. Harry had been quite right to think  he wa n’t a teacher to cro . Strict and clever,  he gave them a talking-to the moment they  at down in her fir t cla . “Tran figuration i   ome of the mo t complex and dangerou  magic you will learn at Hogwart ,”  he  aid. “Anyone me ing around in my cla  will leave and not come back. You have been warned.” Then  he changed her de k into a pig and back again. They were all very impre ed and couldn’t wait to get  tarted, but  oon realized they weren’t going to be changing the furniture into animal  for a long time. After taking a lot of complicated note , they were each given a match and  tarted trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the le on, only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Profe or McGonagall  howed the cla  how it had gone all  ilver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare  mile. The cla  everyone had really been looking forward to wa  Defen e Again t the Dark Art , but Quirrell’  le on  turned out to be a bit of a joke. Hi  cla room  melled  trongly of garlic, which everyone  aid wa  to ward off a vampire he’d met in Romania and wa  afraid would be coming back to get him one of the e day . Hi  turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince a  a thank-you for getting rid of a trouble ome zombie, but they weren’t  ure they believed thi   tory. For one thing, when Seamu  Finnigan a ked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and  tarted talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny  mell hung around the turban, and the Wea ley twin  in i ted that it wa   tuffed full of garlic a  well,  o that Quirrell wa  protected wherever he went. Harry wa  very relieved to find out that he wa n’t mile  behind everyone el e. Lot  of people had come from Muggle familie  and, like him, hadn’t had any idea that they were witche  and wizard . There wa   o much to learn that even people like Ron didn’t have much of a head  tart. Friday wa  an important day for Harry and Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfa t without getting lo t once. “What have we got today?” Harry a ked Ron a  he poured  ugar on hi  porridge. “Double Potion  with the Slytherin ,”  aid Ron. “Snape’  Head of Slytherin Hou e. They  ay he alway  favor  them — we’ll be able to  ee if it’  true.” “Wi h McGonagall favored u ,”  aid Harry. Profe or McGonagall wa  head of Gryffindor Hou e, but it hadn’t  topped her from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before. Ju t then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten u ed to thi  by now, but it had given him a bit of a  hock on the fir t morning, when about a hundred owl  had  uddenly  treamed into the Great Hall during breakfa t, circling the table  until they  aw their owner , and dropping letter  and package  onto their lap . Hedwig hadn’t brought Harry anything  o far. She  ometime  flew in to nibble hi  ear and have a bit of toa t before going off to  leep in the owlery with the other  chool owl . Thi  morning, however,  he fluttered down between the marmalade and the  ugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harry’  plate. Harry tore it open at once. It  aid, in a very untidy  crawl: Dear Harry, I know you get Friday afternoon  off,  o would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? I want to hear all about your fir t week. Send u  an an wer back with Hedwig. Hagrid Harry borrowed Ron’  quill,  cribbled Ye , plea e,  ee you later on the back of the note, and  ent Hedwig off again. It wa  lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, becau e the Potion  le on turned out to be the wor t thing that had happened to him  o far. At the  tart-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Profe or Snape di liked him. By the end of the fir t Potion  le on, he knew he’d been wrong. Snape didn’t di like Harry — he hated him. Potion  le on  took place down in one of the dungeon . It wa  colder here than up in the main ca tle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animal  floating in gla  jar  all around the wall . Snape, like Flitwick,  tarted the cla  by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he pau ed at Harry’  name. “Ah, Ye ,” he  aid  oftly, “Harry Potter. Our new — celebrity.” Draco Malfoy and hi  friend  Crabbe and Goyle  niggered behind their hand . Snape fini hed calling the name  and looked up at the cla . Hi  eye  were black like Hagrid’ , but they had none of Hagrid’  warmth. They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnel . “You are here to learn the  ubtle  cience and exact art of potionmaking,” he began. He  poke in barely more than a whi per, but they caught every word — like Profe or McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a cla   ilent without effort. “A  there i  little fooli h wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe thi  i  magic. I don’t expect you will really under tand the beauty of the  oftly  immering cauldron with it   himmering fume , the delicate power of liquid  that creep through human vein , bewitching the mind, en naring the  en e .…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even  topper death — if you aren’t a  big a bunch of dunderhead  a  I u ually have to teach.” More  ilence followed thi  little  peech. Harry and Ron exchanged look  with rai ed eyebrow . Hermione Granger wa  on the edge of her  eat and looked de perate to  tart proving that  he wa n’t a dunderhead. “Potter!”  aid Snape  uddenly. “What would I get if I added powdered root of a phodel to an infu ion of wormwood?” Powdered root of what to an infu ion of what? Harry glanced at Ron, who looked a   tumped a  he wa ; Hermione’  hand had  hot into the air. “I don’t know,  ir,”  aid Harry. Snape’  lip  curled into a  neer. “Tut, tut — fame clearly i n’t everything.” He ignored Hermione’  hand. “Let’  try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?” Hermione  tretched her hand a  high into the air a  it would go without her leaving her  eat, but Harry didn’t have the fainte t idea what a bezoar wa . He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were  haking with laughter. “I don’t know,  ir.” “Thought you wouldn’t open a book before coming, eh, Potter?” Harry forced him elf to keep looking  traight into tho e cold eye . He had looked through hi  book  at the Dur ley ’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi? Snape wa   till ignoring Hermione’  quivering hand. “What i  the difference, Potter, between monk hood and wolf bane?” At thi , Hermione  tood up, her hand  tretching toward the dungeon ceiling. “I don’t know,”  aid Harry quietly. “I think Hermione doe , though, why don’t you try her?” A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamu ’  eye, and Seamu  winked. Snape, however, wa  not plea ed. “Sit down,” he  napped at Hermione. “For your information, Potter, a phodel and wormwood make a  leeping potion  o powerful it i  known a  the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar i  a  tone taken from the  tomach of a goat and it will  ave you from mo t poi on . A  for monk hood and wolf bane, they are the  ame plant, which al o goe  by the name of aconite. Well? Why aren’t you all copying that down?” There wa  a  udden rummaging for quill  and parchment. Over the noi e, Snape  aid, “And a point will be taken from Gryffindor Hou e for your cheek, Potter.” Thing  didn’t improve for the Gryffindor  a  the Potion  le on continued. Snape put them all into pair  and  et them to mixing up a  imple potion to cure boil . He  wept around in hi  long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettle  and cru h  nake fang , criticizing almo t everyone except Malfoy, whom he  eemed to like. He wa  ju t telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had  tewed hi  horned  lug  when cloud  of acid green  moke and a loud hi ing filled the dungeon. Neville had  omehow managed to melt Seamu ’  cauldron into a twi ted blob, and their potion wa   eeping acro  the  tone floor, burning hole  in people’   hoe . Within  econd , the whole cla  wa   tanding on their  tool  while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collap ed, moaned in pain a  angry red boil   prang up all over hi  arm  and leg . “Idiot boy!”  narled Snape, clearing the  pilled potion away with one wave of hi  wand. “I  uppo e you added the porcupine quill  before taking the cauldron off the fire?” Neville whimpered a  boil   tarted to pop up all over hi  no e. “Take him up to the ho pital wing,” Snape  pat at Seamu . Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville. “You — Potter — why didn’t you tell him not to add the quill ? Thought he’d make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That’  another point you’ve lo t for Gryffindor.” Thi  wa   o unfair that Harry opened hi  mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron. “Don’t pu h it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very na ty.” A  they climbed the  tep  out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’  mind wa  racing and hi   pirit  were low. He’d lo t two point  for Gryffindor in hi  very fir t week — why did Snape hate him  o much? “Cheer up,”  aid Ron, “Snape’  alway  taking point  off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?” At five to three they left the ca tle and made their way acro  the ground . Hagrid lived in a  mall wooden hou e on the edge of the forbidden fore t. A cro bow and a pair of galo he  were out ide the front door. When Harry knocked they heard a frantic  crabbling from in ide and  everal booming bark . Then Hagrid’  voice rang out,  aying, “Back, Fang — back.” Hagrid’  big, hairy face appeared in the crack a  he pulled the door open. “Hang on,” he  aid. “Back, Fang.” He let them in,  truggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormou  black boarhound. There wa  only one room in ide. Ham  and phea ant  were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle wa  boiling on the open fire, and in the corner  tood a ma ive bed with a patchwork quilt over it. “Make yer elve  at home,”  aid Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded  traight at Ron and  tarted licking hi  ear . Like Hagrid, Fang wa  clearly not a  fierce a  he looked. “Thi  i  Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who wa  pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cake  onto a plate. “Another Wea ley, eh?”  aid Hagrid, glancing at Ron’  freckle . I  pent half me life cha in’ yer twin brother  away from the fore t.” The rock cake  were  hapele  lump  with rai in  that almo t broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them a  they told Hagrid all about their fir t le on . Fang re ted hi  head on Harry’  knee and drooled all over hi  robe . Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch “that old git.” “An’ a  fer that cat, Mr . Norri , I’d like ter introduce her to Fang  ometime. D’yeh know, every time I go up ter the  chool,  he follow  me everywhere? Can’t get rid of her — Filch put  her up to it.” Harry told Hagrid about Snape’  le on. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the  tudent . “But he  eemed to really hate me.” “Rubbi h!”  aid Hagrid. “Why  hould he?” Yet Harry couldn’t help thinking that Hagrid didn’t quite meet hi  eye  when he  aid that. “How’  yer brother Charlie?” Hagrid a ked Ron. “I liked him a lot — great with animal .” Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the  ubject on purpo e. While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlie’  work with dragon , Harry picked up a piece of paper that wa  lying on the table under the tea cozy. It wa  a cutting from the Daily Prophet: GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST Inve tigation  continue into the break-in at Gringott  on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizard  or witche  unknown. Gringott  goblin  today in i ted that nothing had been taken. The vault that wa   earched had in fact been emptied the  ame day. “But we’re not telling you what wa  in there,  o keep your no e  out if you know what’  good for you,”  aid a Gringott   poke goblin thi  afternoon. Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that  omeone had tried to rob Gringott , but Ron hadn’t mentioned the date. “Hagrid!”  aid Harry, “that Gringott  break-in happened on my birthday! It might’ve been happening while we were there!” There wa  no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn’t meet Harry’  eye  thi  time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Harry read the  tory again. The vault that wa   earched had in fact been emptied earlier that  ame day. Hagrid had emptied vault  even hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieve  were looking for? A  Harry and Ron walked back to the ca tle for dinner, their pocket  weighed down with rock cake  they’d been too polite to refu e, Harry thought that none of the le on  he’d had  o far had given him a  much to think about a  tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package ju t in time? Where wa  it now? And did Hagrid know  omething about Snape that he didn’t want to tell Harry? HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER NINE THE MIDNIGHT DUEL H arry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley, but that wa  before he met Draco Malfoy. Still, fir t-year Gryffindor  only had Potion  with the Slytherin ,  o they didn’t have to put up with Malfoy much. Or at lea t, they didn’t until they  potted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan. Flying le on  would be  tarting on Thur day — and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together. “Typical,”  aid Harry darkly. “Ju t what I alway  wanted. To make a fool of my elf on a broom tick in front of Malfoy.” He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything el e. “You don’t know that you’ll make a fool of your elf,”  aid Ron rea onably. “Anyway, I know Malfoy’  alway  going on about how good he i  at Quidditch, but I bet that’  all talk.” Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about fir t year  never getting on the hou e Quidditch team  and told long, boa tful  torie  that alway   eemed to end with him narrowly e caping Muggle  in helicopter . He wa n’t the only one, though: the way Seamu  Finnigan told it, he’d  pent mo t of hi  childhood zooming around the country ide on hi  broom tick. Even Ron would tell anyone who’d li ten about the time he’d almo t hit a hang glider on Charlie’  old broom. Everyone from wizarding familie  talked about Quidditch con tantly. Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thoma , who  hared their dormitory, about  occer. Ron couldn’t  ee what wa  exciting about a game with only one ball where no one wa  allowed to fly. Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean’  po ter of We t Ham  occer team, trying to make the player  move. Neville had never been on a broom tick in hi  life, becau e hi  grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Harry felt  he’d had good rea on, becau e Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accident  even with both feet on the ground. Hermione Granger wa  almo t a  nervou  about flying a  Neville wa . Thi  wa   omething you couldn’t learn by heart out of a book — not that  he hadn’t tried. At breakfa t on Thur day  he bored them all  tupid with flying tip   he’d gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through the Age . Neville wa  hanging on to her every word, de perate for anything that might help him hang on to hi  broom tick later, but everybody el e wa  very plea ed when Hermione’  lecture wa  interrupted by the arrival of the mail. Harry hadn’t had a  ingle letter  ince Hagrid’  note,  omething that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of cour e. Malfoy’  eagle owl wa  alway  bringing him package  of  weet  from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table. A barn owl brought Neville a  mall package from hi  grandmother. He opened it excitedly and  howed them a gla  ball the  ize of a large marble, which  eemed to be full of white  moke. “It’  a Remembrall!” he explained. “Gran know  I forget thing  — thi  tell  you if there’   omething you’ve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like thi  and if it turn  red — oh…” Hi  face fell, becau e the Remembrall had  uddenly glowed  carlet, “…you’ve forgotten  omething….” Neville wa  trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who wa  pa ing the Gryffindor table,  natched the Remembrall out of hi  hand. Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a rea on to fight Malfoy, but Profe or McGonagall, who could  pot trouble quicker than any teacher in the  chool, wa  there in a fla h. “What’  going on?” “Malfoy’  got my Remembrall, Profe or.” Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table. “Ju t looking,” he  aid, and he  loped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him. At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindor  hurried down the front  tep  onto the ground  for their fir t flying le on. It wa  a clear, breezy day, and the gra  rippled under their feet a  they marched down the  loping lawn  toward a  mooth, flat lawn on the oppo ite  ide of the ground  to the forbidden fore t, who e tree  were  waying darkly in the di tance. The Slytherin  were already there, and  o were twenty broom tick  lying in neat line  on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and George Wea ley complain about the  chool broom ,  aying that  ome of them  tarted to vibrate if you flew too high, or alway  flew  lightly to the left. Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had  hort, gray hair, and yellow eye  like a hawk. “Well, what are you all waiting for?”  he barked. “Everyone  tand by a broom tick. Come on, hurry up.” Harry glanced down at hi  broom. It wa  old and  ome of the twig   tuck out at odd angle . “Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and  ay ‘Up!’” “UP” everyone  houted. Harry’  broom jumped into hi  hand at once, but it wa  one of the few that did. Hermione Granger’  had  imply rolled over on the ground, and Neville’  hadn’t moved at all. Perhap  broom , like hor e , could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there wa  a quaver in Neville’  voice that  aid only too clearly that he wanted to keep hi  feet on the ground. Madam Hooch then  howed them how to mount their broom  without  liding off the end, and walked up and down the row  correcting their grip . Harry and Ron were delighted when  he told Malfoy he’d been doing it wrong for year . “Now, when I blow my whi tle, you kick off from the ground, hard,”  aid Madam Hooch. “Keep your broom   teady, ri e a few feet, and then come  traight back down by leaning forward  lightly. On my whi tle — three — two —” But Neville, nervou  and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pu hed off hard before the whi tle had touched Madam Hooch’  lip . “Come back, boy!”  he  houted, but Neville wa  ri ing  traight up like a cork  hot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet. Harry  aw hi   cared white face look down at the ground falling away,  aw him ga p,  lip  ideway  off the broom and — WHAM — a thud and a na ty crack and Neville lay facedown on the gra  in a heap. Hi  broom tick wa   till ri ing higher and higher, and  tarted to drift lazily toward the forbidden fore t and out of  ight. Madam Hooch wa  bending over Neville, her face a  white a  hi . “Broken wri t,” Harry heard her mutter. “Come on, boy — it’  all right, up you get.” She turned to the re t of the cla . “None of you i  to move while I take thi  boy to the ho pital wing! You leave tho e broom  where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwart  before you can  ay ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.” Neville, hi  face tear- treaked, clutching hi  wri t, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him. No  ooner were they out of ear hot than Malfoy bur t into laughter. “Did you  ee hi  face, the great lump?” The other Slytherin  joined in. “Shut up, Malfoy,”  napped Parvati Patil. “Ooh,  ticking up for Longbottom?”  aid Pan y Parkin on, a hard-faced Slytherin girl. “Never thought you’d like fat little crybabie , Parvati.” “Look!”  aid Malfoy, darting forward and  natching  omething out of the gra . “It’  that  tupid thing Longbottom’  gran  ent him.” The Remembrall glittered in the  un a  he held it up. “Give that here, Malfoy,”  aid Harry quietly. Everyone  topped talking to watch. Malfoy  miled na tily. “I think I’ll leave it  omewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?” “Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto hi  broom tick and taken off. He hadn’t been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level with the topmo t branche  of an oak he called, “Come and get it, Potter!” Harry grabbed hi  broom. “No!”  houted Hermione Granger. “Madam Hooch told u  not to move — you’ll get u  all into trouble.” Harry ignored her. Blood wa  pounding in hi  ear . He mounted the broom and kicked hard again t the ground and up, up he  oared; air ru hed through hi  hair, and hi  robe  whipped out behind him — and in a ru h of fierce joy he realized he’d found  omething he could do without being taught — thi  wa  ea y, thi  wa  wonderful. He pulled hi  broom tick up a little to take it even higher, and heard  cream  and ga p  of girl  back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron. He turned hi  broom tick  harply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked  tunned. “Give it here,” Harry called, “or I’ll knock you off that broom!” “Oh, yeah?”  aid Malfoy, trying to  neer, but looking worried. Harry knew,  omehow, what to do. He leaned forward and gra ped the broom tightly in both hand , and it  hot toward Malfoy like a javelin. Malfoy only ju t got out of the way in time; Harry made a  harp about-face and held the broom  teady. A few people below were clapping. “No Crabbe and Goyle up here to  ave your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called. The  ame thought  eemed to have  truck Malfoy. “Catch it if you can, then!” he  houted, and he threw the gla  ball high into the air and  treaked back toward the ground. Harry  aw, a  though in  low motion, the ball ri e up in the air and then  tart to fall. He leaned forward and pointed hi  broom handle down — next  econd he wa  gathering  peed in a  teep dive, racing the ball — wind whi tled in hi  ear , mingled with the  cream  of people watching — he  tretched out hi  hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, ju t in time to pull hi  broom  traight, and he toppled gently onto the gra  with the Remembrall clutched  afely in hi  fi t. “HARRY POTTER!” Hi  heart  ank fa ter than he’d ju t dived. Profe or McGonagall wa  running toward them. He got to hi  feet, trembling. “Never — in all my time at Hogwart  —” Profe or McGonagall wa  almo t  peechle  with  hock, and her gla e  fla hed furiou ly, “— how dare you — might have broken your neck —” “It wa n’t hi  fault, Profe or —” “Be quiet, Mi  Patil —” “But Malfoy —” “That’  enough, Mr. Wea ley. Potter, follow me, now.” Harry caught  ight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’  triumphant face  a  he left, walking numbly in Profe or McGonagall’  wake a   he  trode toward the ca tle. He wa  going to be expelled, he ju t knew it. He wanted to  ay  omething to defend him elf, but there  eemed to be  omething wrong with hi  voice. Profe or McGonagall wa   weeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he’d done it. He hadn’t even la ted two week . He’d be packing hi  bag  in ten minute . What would the Dur ley   ay when he turned up on the door tep? Up the front  tep , up the marble  tairca e in ide, and  till Profe or McGonagall didn’t  ay a word to him. She wrenched open door  and marched along corridor  with Harry trotting mi erably behind her. Maybe  he wa  taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to  tay on a  gamekeeper. Perhap  he could be Hagrid’  a i tant. Hi   tomach twi ted a  he imagined it, watching Ron and the other  becoming wizard , while he  tumped around the ground  carrying Hagrid’  bag. Profe or McGonagall  topped out ide a cla room. She opened the door and poked her head in ide. “Excu e me, Profe or Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?” Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; wa  Wood a cane  he wa  going to u e on him? But Wood turned out to be a per on, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’  cla  looking confu ed. “Follow me, you two,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiou ly at Harry. “In here.” Profe or McGonagall pointed them into a cla room that wa  empty except for Peeve , who wa  bu y writing rude word  on the blackboard. “Out, Peeve !”  he barked. Peeve  threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he  wooped out cur ing. Profe or McGonagall  lammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boy . “Potter, thi  i  Oliver Wood. Wood — I’ve found you a Seeker.” Wood’  expre ion changed from puzzlement to delight. “Are you  eriou , Profe or?” “Ab olutely,”  aid Profe or McGonagall cri ply. “The boy’  a natural. I’ve never  een anything like it. Wa  that your fir t time on a broom tick, Potter?” Harry nodded  ilently. He didn’t have a clue what wa  going on, but he didn’t  eem to be being expelled, and  ome of the feeling  tarted coming back to hi  leg . “He caught that thing in hi  hand after a fifty-foot dive,” Profe or McGonagall told Wood. “Didn’t even  cratch him elf. Charlie Wea ley couldn’t have done it.” Wood wa  now looking a  though all hi  dream  had come true at once. “Ever  een a game of Quidditch, Potter?” he a ked excitedly. “Wood’  captain of the Gryffindor team,” Profe or McGonagall explained. “He’  ju t the build for a Seeker, too,”  aid Wood, now walking around Harry and  taring at him. “Light — peedy — we’ll have to get him a decent broom, Profe or — a Nimbu  Two Thou and or a Clean weep Seven, I’d  ay.” “I  hall  peak to Profe or Dumbledore and  ee if we can’t bend the fir t-year rule. Heaven know , we need a better team than la t year. Flattened in that la t match by Slytherin, I couldn’t look Severu  Snape in the face for week .…” Profe or McGonagall peered  ternly over her gla e  at Harry. “I want to hear you’re training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind about puni hing you.” Then  he  uddenly  miled. “Your father would have been proud,”  he  aid. “He wa  an excellent Quidditch player him elf.” “You’re joking.” It wa  dinnertime. Harry had ju t fini hed telling Ron what had happened when he’d left the ground  with Profe or McGonagall. Ron had a piece of  teak and kidney pie halfway to hi  mouth, but he’d forgotten all about it. “Seeker?” he  aid. “But fir t year  never — you mu t be the younge t hou e player in about —” “ — a century,”  aid Harry,  hoveling pie into hi  mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. “Wood told me.” Ron wa   o amazed,  o impre ed, he ju t  at and gaped at Harry. “I  tart training next week,”  aid Harry. “Only don’t tell anyone, Wood want  to keep it a  ecret.” Fred and George Wea ley now came into the hall,  potted Harry, and hurried over. “Well done,”  aid George in a low voice. “Wood told u . We’re on the team too — Beater .” “I tell you, we’re going to win that Quidditch cup for  ure thi  year,”  aid Fred. “We haven’t won  ince Charlie left, but thi  year’  team i  going to be brilliant. You mu t be good, Harry, Wood wa  almo t  kipping when he told u .” “Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckon  he’  found a new  ecret pa ageway out of the  chool.” “Bet it’  that one behind the  tatue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our fir t week. See you.” Fred and George had hardly di appeared when  omeone far le  welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle. “Having a la t meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggle ?” “You’re a lot braver now that you’re back on the ground and you’ve got your little friend  with you,”  aid Harry coolly. There wa  of cour e nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but a  the High Table wa  full of teacher , neither of them could do more than crack their knuckle  and  cowl. “I’d take you on anytime on my own,”  aid Malfoy. “Tonight, if you want. Wizard’  duel. Wand  only — no contact. What’  the matter? Never heard of a wizard’  duel before, I  uppo e?” “Of cour e he ha ,”  aid Ron, wheeling around. “I’m hi   econd, who’  your ?” Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle,  izing them up. “Crabbe,” he  aid. “Midnight all right? We’ll meet you in the trophy room; that’  alway  unlocked.” When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other. “What i  a wizard’  duel?”  aid Harry. “And what do you mean, you’re my  econd?” “Well, a  econd’  there to take over if you die,”  aid Ron ca ually, getting  tarted at la t on hi  cold pie. Catching the look on Harry’  face, he added quickly, “But people only die in proper duel , you know, with real wizard . The mo t you and Malfoy’ll be able to do i   end  park  at each other. Neither of you know  enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to refu e, anyway.” “And what if I wave my wand and nothing happen ?” “Throw it away and punch him on the no e,” Ron  ugge ted. “Excu e me.” They both looked up. It wa  Hermione Granger. “Can’t a per on eat in peace in thi  place?”  aid Ron. Hermione ignored him and  poke to Harry. “I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were  aying —” “Bet you could,” Ron muttered. “— and you mu tn’t go wandering around the  chool at night, think of the point  you’ll lo e Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be. It’  really very  elfi h of you.” “And it’  really none of your bu ine ,”  aid Harry. “Good-bye,”  aid Ron. All the  ame, it wa n’t what you’d call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, a  he lay awake much later li tening to Dean and Seamu  falling a leep (Neville wa n’t back from the ho pital wing). Ron had  pent all evening giving him advice  uch a  “If he trie  to cur e you, you’d better dodge it, becau e I can’t remember how to block them.” There wa  a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mr . Norri , and Harry felt he wa  pu hing hi  luck, breaking another  chool rule today. On the other hand, Malfoy’   neering face kept looming up out of the darkne  — thi  wa  hi  big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. He couldn’t mi  it. “Half-pa t eleven,” Ron muttered at la t, “we’d better go.” They pulled on their bathrobe , picked up their wand , and crept acro  the tower room, down the  piral  tairca e, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few ember  were  till glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchair  into hunched black  hadow . They had almo t reached the portrait hole when a voice  poke from the chair neare t them, “I can’t believe you’re going to do thi , Harry.” A lamp flickered on. It wa  Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown. “You!”  aid Ron furiou ly. “Go back to bed!” “I almo t told your brother,” Hermione  napped, “Percy — he’  a prefect, he’d put a  top to thi .” Harry couldn’t believe anyone could be  o interfering. “Come on,” he  aid to Ron. He pu hed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole. Hermione wa n’t going to give up that ea ily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hi ing at them like an angry goo e. “Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about your elve , I don’t want Slytherin to win the hou e cup, and you’ll lo e all the point  I got from Profe or McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spell .” “Go away.” “All right, but I warned you, you ju t remember what I  aid when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re  o —” But what they were, they didn’t find out. Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back in ide and found her elf facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime vi it and Hermione wa  locked out of Gryffindor tower. “Now what am I going to do?”  he a ked  hrilly. “That’  your problem,”  aid Ron. “We’ve got to go, we’re going to be late.” They hadn’t even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them. “I’m coming with you,”  he  aid. “You are not.” “D’you think I’m going to  tand out here and wait for Filch to catch me? If he find  all three of u  I’ll tell him the truth, that I wa  trying to  top you, and you can back me up.” “You’ve got  ome nerve —”  aid Ron loudly. “Shut up, both of you!”  aid Harry  harply. I heard  omething.” It wa  a  ort of  nuffling. “Mr . Norri ?” breathed Ron,  quinting through the dark. It wa n’t Mr . Norri . It wa  Neville. He wa  curled up on the floor, fa t a leep, but jerked  uddenly awake a  they crept nearer. “Thank goodne  you found me! I’ve been out here for hour , I couldn’t remember the new pa word to get in to bed.” “Keep your voice down, Neville. The pa word’  ‘Pig  nout’ but it won’t help you now, the Fat Lady’  gone off  omewhere.” “How’  your arm?”  aid Harry. “Fine,”  aid Neville,  howing them. “Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.” “Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be  omewhere, we’ll  ee you later —” “Don’t leave me!”  aid Neville,  crambling to hi  feet, “I don’t want to  tay here alone, the Bloody Baron’  been pa t twice already.” Ron looked at hi  watch and then glared furiou ly at Hermione and Neville. “If either of you get u  caught, I’ll never re t until I’ve learned that Cur e of the Bogie  Quirrell told u  about, and u ed it on you.” Hermione opened her mouth, perhap  to tell Ron exactly how to u e the Cur e of the Bogie , but Harry hi ed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward. They flitted along corridor   triped with bar  of moonlight from the high window . At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mr . Norri , but they were lucky. They  ped up a  tairca e to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room. Malfoy and Crabbe weren’t there yet. The cry tal trophy ca e  glimmered where the moonlight caught them. Cup ,  hield , plate , and  tatue  winked  ilver and gold in the darkne . They edged along the wall , keeping their eye  on the door  at either end of the room. Harry took out hi  wand in ca e Malfoy leapt in and  tarted at once. The minute  crept by. “He’  late, maybe he’  chickened out,” Ron whi pered. Then a noi e in the next room made them jump. Harry had only ju t rai ed hi  wand when they heard  omeone  peak — and it wa n’t Malfoy. “Sniff around, my  weet, they might be lurking in a corner.” It wa  Filch  peaking to Mr . Norri . Horror- truck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him a  quickly a  po ible; they  curried  ilently toward the door, away from Filch’  voice. Neville’  robe  had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room. “They’re in here  omewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.” “Thi  way!” Harry mouthed to the other  and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of  uit  of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Neville  uddenly let out a frightened  queak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the wai t, and the pair of them toppled right into a  uit of armor. The clanging and cra hing were enough to wake the whole ca tle. “RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them  printed down the gallery, not looking back to  ee whether Filch wa  following — they  wung around the doorpo t and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tape try and found them elve  in a hidden pa ageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charm  cla room, which they knew wa  mile  from the trophy room. “I think we’ve lo t him,” Harry panted, leaning again t the cold wall and wiping hi  forehead. Neville wa  bent double, wheezing and  pluttering. I — told — you,” Hermione ga ped, clutching at the  titch in her che t, “I — told — you.” “We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,”  aid Ron, “quickly a  po ible.” “Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione  aid to Harry. “You realize that, don’t you? He wa  never going to meet you — Filch knew  omeone wa  going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy mu t have tipped him off.” Harry thought  he wa  probably right, but he wa n’t going to tell her that. “Let’  go.” It wa n’t going to be that  imple. They hadn’t gone more than a dozen pace  when a doorknob rattled and  omething came  hooting out of a cla room in front of them. It wa  Peeve . He caught  ight of them and gave a  queal of delight. “Shut up, Peeve  — plea e — you’ll get u  thrown out.” Peeve  cackled. “Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Fir tie ? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you’ll get caughty.” “Not if you don’t give u  away, Peeve , plea e.” “Should tell Filch, I  hould,”  aid Peeve  in a  aintly voice, but hi  eye  glittered wickedly. “It’  for your own good, you know.” “Get out of the way,”  napped Ron, taking a  wipe at Peeve  thi  wa  a big mi take. “STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeve  bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!” Ducking under Peeve , they ran for their live , right to the end of the corridor where they  lammed into a door — and it wa  locked. “Thi  i  it!” Ron moaned, a  they pu hed helple ly at the door, “We’re done for! Thi  i  the end!” They could hear foot tep , Filch running a  fa t a  he could toward Peeve ’   hout . “Oh, move over,” Hermione  narled. She grabbed Harry’  wand, tapped the lock, and whi pered, “Alohomora!” The lock clicked and the door  wung open — they piled through it,  hut it quickly, and pre ed their ear  again t it, li tening. “Which way did they go, Peeve ?” Filch wa   aying. “Quick, tell me.” “Say ‘plea e.’” “Don’t me  with me, Peeve , now where did they go?” “Shan’t  ay nothing if you don’t  ay plea e,”  aid Peeve  in hi  annoying  ing ong voice. “All right — plea e.” “NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn’t  ay nothing if you didn’t  ay plea e! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!” And they heard the  ound of Peeve  whoo hing away and Filch cur ing in rage. “He think  thi  door i  locked,” Harry whi pered. “I think we’ll be okay — get off, Neville!” For Neville had been tugging on the  leeve of Harry’  bathrobe for the la t minute. “What?” Harry turned around — and  aw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he wa   ure he’d walked into a nightmare — thi  wa  too much, on top of everything that had happened  o far. They weren’t in a room, a  he had  uppo ed. They were in a corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it wa  forbidden. They were looking  traight into the eye  of a mon trou  dog, a dog that filled the whole  pace between ceiling and floor. It had three head . Three pair  of rolling, mad eye ; three no e , twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouth ,  aliva hanging in  lippery rope  from yellowi h fang . It wa   tanding quite  till, all  ix eye   taring at them, and Harry knew that the only rea on they weren’t already dead wa  that their  udden appearance had taken it by  urpri e, but it wa  quickly getting over that, there wa  no mi taking what tho e thunderou  growl  meant. Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch. They fell backward — Harry  lammed the door  hut, and they ran, they almo t flew, back down the corridor. Filch mu t have hurried off to look for them  omewhere el e, becau e they didn’t  ee him anywhere, but they hardly cared — all they wanted to do wa  put a  much  pace a  po ible between them and that mon ter. They didn’t  top running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the  eventh floor. “Where on earth have you all been?”  he a ked, looking at their bathrobe  hanging off their  houlder  and their flu hed,  weaty face . “Never mind that — pig  nout, pig  nout,” panted Harry, and the portrait  wung forward. They  crambled into the common room and collap ed, trembling, into armchair . It wa  a while before any of them  aid anything. Neville, indeed, looked a  if he’d never  peak again. “What do they think they’re doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a  chool?”  aid Ron finally. “If any dog need  exerci e, that one doe .” Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. “You don’t u e your eye , any of you, do you?”  he  napped. “Didn’t you  ee what it wa   tanding on. “The floor?” Harry  ugge ted. “I wa n’t looking at it  feet, I wa  too bu y with it  head .” “No, not the floor. It wa   tanding on a trapdoor. It’  obviou ly guarding  omething.” She  tood up, glaring at them. “I hope you’re plea ed with your elve . We could all have been killed — or wor e, expelled. Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going to bed.” Ron  tared after her, hi  mouth open. “No, we don’t mind,” he  aid. “You’d think we dragged her along, wouldn’t you. But Hermione had given Harry  omething el e to think about a  he climbed back into bed. The dog wa  guarding  omething…What had Hagrid  aid? Gringott  wa  the  afe t place in the world for  omething you wanted to hide — except perhap  Hogwart . It looked a  though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault  even hundred and thirteen wa . HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER TEN HALLOWEEN M alfoy couldn’t believe hi  eye  when he  aw that Harry and Ron were  till at Hogwart  the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful. Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that  eemed to have been moved from Gringott  to Hogwart , and they  pent a lot of time wondering what could po ibly need  uch heavy protection. “It’  either really valuable or really dangerou ,”  aid Ron. “Or both,”  aid Harry. But a  all they knew for  ure about the my teriou  object wa  that it wa  about two inche  long, they didn’t have much chance of gue ing what it wa  without further clue . Neither Neville nor Hermione  howed the  lighte t intere t in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about wa  never going near the dog again. Hermione wa  now refu ing to  peak to Harry and Ron, but  he wa   uch a bo y know-it-all that they  aw thi  a  an added bonu . All they really wanted now wa  a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great delight, ju t  uch a thing arrived in the mail about a week later. A  the owl  flooded into the Great Hall a  u ual, everyone’  attention wa  caught at once by a long, thin package carried by  ix large  creech owl . Harry wa  ju t a  intere ted a  everyone el e to  ee what wa  in thi  large parcel, and wa  amazed when the owl   oared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking hi  bacon to the floor. They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel. Harry ripped open the letter fir t, which wa  lucky, becau e it  aid: DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. It contain  your new Nimbu  Two Thou and, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broom tick or they’ll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at  even o’clock for your fir t training  e ion. Profe or McGonagall Harry had difficulty hiding hi  glee a  he handed the note to Ron to read. “A Nimbu  Two Thou and!” Ron moaned enviou ly. “I’ve never even touched one.” They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broom tick in private before their fir t cla , but halfway acro  the entrance hall they found the way up tair  barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy  eized the package from Harry and felt it. “That’  a broom tick,” he  aid, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealou y and  pite on hi  face. “You’ll be in for it thi  time, Potter, fir t year  aren’t allowed them.” Ron couldn’t re i t it. “It’  not any old broom tick,” he  aid, “it’  a Nimbu  Two Thou and. What did you  ay you’ve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?” Ron grinned at Harry. “Comet  look fla hy, but they’re not in the  ame league a  the Nimbu .” “What would you know about it, Wea ley, you couldn’t afford half the handle,” Malfoy  napped back. “I  uppo e you and your brother  have to  ave up twig by twig.” Before Ron could an wer, Profe or Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’  elbow. “Not arguing, I hope, boy ?” he  queaked. “Potter’  been  ent a broom tick, Profe or,”  aid Malfoy quickly. “Ye , ye , that’  right,”  aid Profe or Flitwick, beaming at Harry. “Profe or McGonagall told me all about the  pecial circum tance , Potter. And what model i  it?” “A Nimbu  Two Thou and, it i ,”  aid Harry, fighting not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoy’  face. “And it’  really thank  to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added. Harry and Ron headed up tair ,  mothering their laughter at Malfoy’  obviou  rage and confu ion. “Well, it’  true,” Harry chortled a  they reached the top of the marble  tairca e, “If he hadn’t  tolen Neville’  Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…” “So I  uppo e you think that’  a reward for breaking rule ?” came an angry voice from ju t behind them. Hermione wa   tomping up the  tair , looking di approvingly at the package in Harry’  hand. “I thought you weren’t  peaking to u ?”  aid Harry. “Ye , don’t  top now,”  aid Ron, “it’  doing u   o much good.” Hermione marched away with her no e in the air. Harry had a lot of trouble keeping hi  mind on hi  le on  that day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where hi  new broom tick wa  lying under hi  bed, or  traying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night. He bolted hi  dinner that evening without noticing what he wa  eating, and then ru hed up tair  with Ron to unwrap the Nimbu  Two Thou and at la t. “Wow,” Ron  ighed, a  the broom tick rolled onto Harry’  bed pread. Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different broom , thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and  hiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat,  traight twig  and Nimbu  Two Thou and written in gold near the top. A   even o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the ca tle and  et off in the du k toward the Quidditch field. Held never been in ide the  tadium before. Hundred  of  eat  were rai ed in  tand  around the field  o that the  pectator  were high enough to  ee what wa  going on. At either end of the field were three golden pole  with hoop  on the end. They reminded Harry of the little pla tic  tick  Muggle children blew bubble  through, except that they were fifty feet high. Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted hi  broom tick and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling — he  wooped in and out of the goal po t  and then  ped up and down the field. The Nimbu  Two Thou and turned wherever he wanted at hi  lighte t touch. “Hey, Potter, come down!” Oliver Wood had arrived. He wa  carrying a large wooden crate under hi  arm. Harry landed next to him. “Very nice,”  aid Wood, hi  eye  glinting. “I  ee what McGonagall meant…you really are a natural. I’m ju t going to teach you the rule  thi  evening, then you’ll be joining team practice three time  a week.” He opened the crate. In ide were four different- ized ball . “Right,”  aid Wood. “Now, Quidditch i  ea y enough to under tand, even if it’  not too ea y to play. There are  even player  on each  ide. Three of them are called Cha er .” “Three Cha er ,” Harry repeated, a  Wood took out a bright red ball about the  ize of a  occer ball. “Thi  ball’  called the Quaffle,”  aid Wood. “The Cha er  throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoop  to  core a goal. Ten point  every time the Quaffle goe  through one of the hoop . Follow me?” “The Cha er  throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoop  to  core,” Harry recited. “So — that’   ort of like ba ketball on broom tick  with  ix hoop , i n’t it?” “What’  ba ketball?”  aid Wood curiou ly. “Never mind,”  aid Harry quickly. “Now, there’  another player on each  ide who’  called the Keeper — I’m Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoop  and  top the other team from  coring.” “Three Cha er , one Keeper,”  aid Harry, who wa  determined to remember it all. “And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are they for?” He pointed at the three ball  left in ide the box. “I’ll  how you now,”  aid Wood. “Take thi .” He handed Harry a  mall club, a bit like a  hort ba eball bat. “I’m going to  how you what the Bludger  do,” Wood  aid. “The e two are the Bludger .” He  howed Harry two identical ball , jet black and  lightly  maller than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed that they  eemed to be  training to e cape the  trap  holding them in ide the box. “Stand back,” Wood warned Harry. He bent down and freed one of the Bludger . At once, the black ball ro e high in the air and then pelted  traight at Harry’  face. Harry  wung at it with the bat to  top it from breaking hi  no e, and  ent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their head  and then  hot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground. “See?” Wood panted, forcing the  truggling Bludger back into the crate and  trapping it down  afely. “The Bludger  rocket around, trying to knock player  off their broom . That’  why you have two Beater  on each team — the Wea ley twin  are our  — it’  their job to protect their  ide from the Bludger  and try and knock them toward the other team. So — think you’ve got all that?” “Three Cha er  try and  core with the Quaffle; the Keeper guard  the goal po t ; the Beater  keep the Bludger  away from their team,” Harry reeled off. “Very good,”  aid Wood. “Er — have the Bludger  ever killed anyone?” Harry a ked, hoping he  ounded offhand. “Never at Hogwart . We’ve had a couple of broken jaw  but nothing wor e than that. Now, the la t member of the team i  the Seeker. That’  you. And you don’t have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludger  —” “— unle  they crack my head open.” “Don’t worry, the Wea ley  are more than a match for the Bludger  — I mean, they’re like a pair of human Bludger  them elve .” Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and la t ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludger , it wa  tiny, about the  ize of a large walnut. It wa  bright gold and had little fluttering  ilver wing . “Thi ,”  aid Wood, “i  the Golden Snitch, and it’  the mo t important ball of the lot. It’  very hard to catch becau e it’   o fa t and difficult to  ee. It’  the Seeker’  job to catch it. You’ve got to weave in and out of the Cha er , Beater , Bludger , and Quaffle to get it before the other team’  Seeker, becau e whichever Seeker catche  the Snitch win  hi  team an extra hundred and fifty point ,  o they nearly alway  win. That’  why Seeker  get fouled  o much. A game of Quidditch only end  when the Snitch i  caught,  o it can go on for age  — I think the record i  three month , they had to keep bringing on  ub titute   o the player  could get  ome  leep. “Well, that’  it any que tion ?” Harry  hook hi  head. He under tood what he had to do all right, it wa  doing it that wa  going to be the problem. “We won’t practice with the Snitch yet,”  aid Wood, carefully  hutting it back in ide the crate, “it’  too dark, we might lo e it. Let’  try you out with a few of the e.” He pulled a bag of ordinary golf ball  out of hi  pocket and a few minute  later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf ball  a  hard a  he could in every direction for Harry to catch. Harry didn’t mi  a  ingle one, and Wood wa  delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn’t carry on. “That Quidditch Cup’ll have our name on it thi  year,”  aid Wood happily a  they trudged back up to the ca tle. “I wouldn’t be  urpri ed if you turn out better than Charlie Wea ley, and he could have played for England if he hadn’t gone off cha ing dragon .” Perhap  it wa  becau e he wa  now  o bu y, what with Quidditch practice three evening  a week on top of all hi  homework, but Harry could hardly believe it when he realized that he’d already been at Hogwart  two month . The ca tle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. Hi  le on , too, were becoming more and more intere ting now that they had ma tered the ba ic . On Halloween morning they woke to the deliciou   mell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridor . Even better, Profe or Flitwick announced in Charm  that he thought they were ready to  tart making object  fly,  omething they had all been dying to try  ince they’d  een him make Neville’  toad zoom around the cla room. Profe or Flitwick put the cla  into pair  to practice. Harry’  partner wa  Seamu  Finnigan (which wa  a relief, becau e Neville had been trying to catch hi  eye). Ron, however, wa  to be working with Hermione Granger. It wa  hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione wa  angrier about thi . She hadn’t  poken to either of them  ince the day Harry’  broom tick had arrived. “Now, don’t forget that nice wri t movement we’ve been practicing!”  queaked Profe or Flitwick, perched on top of hi  pile of book  a  u ual. “Swi h and flick, remember,  wi h and flick. And  aying the magic word  properly i  very important, too — never forget Wizard Baruffio, who  aid ‘ ’ in tead of ‘f’ and found him elf on the floor with a buffalo on hi  che t.” It wa  very difficult. Harry and Seamu   wi hed and flicked, but the feather they were  uppo ed to be  ending  kyward ju t lay on the de ktop. Seamu  got  o impatient that he prodded it with hi  wand and  et fire to it — Harry had to put it out with hi  hat. Ron, at the next table, wa n’t having much more luck. “Wingardium Levio a!” he  houted, waving hi  long arm  like a windmill. “You’re  aying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione  nap. “It’  Wing-gar-dium Levi-o- a, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.” “You do it, then, if you’re  o clever,” Ron  narled. Hermione rolled up the  leeve  of her gown, flicked her wand, and  aid, “Wingardium Levio a!” Their feather ro e off the de k and hovered about four feet above their head . “Oh, well done!” cried Profe or Flitwick, clapping. “Everyone  ee here, Mi  Granger’  done it!” Ron wa  in a very bad mood by the end of the cla . “It’  no wonder no one can  tand her,” he  aid to Harry a  they pu hed their way into the crowded corridor, “ he’  a nightmare, hone tly.” Someone knocked into Harry a  they hurried pa t him. It wa  Hermione. Harry caught a glimp e of her face — and wa   tartled to  ee that  he wa  in tear . “I think  he heard you.” “So?”  aid Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. “She mu t’ve noticed  he’  got no friend .” Hermione didn’t turn up for the next cla  and wa n’t  een all afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween fea t, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione wa  crying in the girl ’ bathroom and wanted to be left alone. Ron looked  till more awkward at thi , but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decoration  put Hermione out of their mind . A thou and live bat  fluttered from the wall  and ceiling while a thou and more  wooped over the table  in low black cloud , making the candle  in the pumpkin   tutter. The fea t appeared  uddenly on the golden plate , a  it had at the  tart-of-term banquet. Harry wa  ju t helping him elf to a baked potato when Profe or Quirrell came  printing into the hall, hi  turban a kew and terror on hi  face. Everyone  tared a  he reached Profe or Dumbledore’  chair,  lumped again t the table, and ga ped, “Troll — in the dungeon  — thought you ought to know.” He then  ank to the floor in a dead faint. There wa  an uproar. It took  everal purple firecracker  exploding from the end of Profe or Dumbledore’  wand to bring  ilence. “Prefect ,” he rumbled, “lead your Hou e  back to the dormitorie  immediately!” Percy wa  in hi  element. “Follow me! Stick together, fir t year ! No need to fear the troll if you follow my order ! Stay clo e behind me, now. Make way, fir t year  coming through! Excu e me, I’m a prefect!” “How could a troll get in?” Harry a ked a  they climbed the  tair . “Don’t a k me, they’re  uppo ed to be really  tupid,”  aid Ron. “Maybe Peeve  let it in for a Halloween joke.” They pa ed different group  of people hurrying in different direction . A  they jo tled their way through a crowd of confu ed Hufflepuff , Harry  uddenly grabbed Ron’  arm. “I’ve ju t thought — Hermione.” “What about her?” “She doe n’t know about the troll.” Ron bit hi  lip. “Oh, all right,” he  napped. “But Percy’d better not  ee u .” Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuff  going the other way,  lipped down a de erted  ide corridor, and hurried off toward the girl ’ bathroom. They had ju t turned the corner when they heard quick foot tep  behind them. “Percy!” hi ed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large  tone griffin. Peering around it, however, they  aw not Percy but Snape. He cro ed the corridor and di appeared from view. “What’  he doing?” Harry whi pered. “Why i n’t he down in the dungeon  with the re t of the teacher ?” “Search me.” Quietly a  po ible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’  fading foot tep . “He’  heading for the third floor,” Harry  aid, but Ron held up hi  hand. “Can you  mell  omething?” Harry  niffed and a foul  tench reached hi  no tril , a mixture of old  ock  and the kind of public toilet no one  eem  to clean. And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the  huffling footfall  of gigantic feet. Ron pointed — at the end of a pa age to the left,  omething huge wa  moving toward them. They  hrank into the  hadow  and watched a  it emerged into a patch of moonlight. It wa  a horrible  ight. Twelve feet tall, it   kin wa  a dull, granite gray, it  great lumpy body like a boulder with it   mall bald head perched on top like a coconut. It had  hort leg  thick a  tree trunk  with flat, horny feet. The  mell coming from it wa  incredible. It wa  holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor becau e it  arm  were  o long. The troll  topped next to a doorway and peered in ide. It waggled it  long ear , making up it  tiny mind, then  louched  lowly into the room. “The key  in the lock,” Harry muttered. “We could lock it in.” “Good idea,”  aid Ron nervou ly. They edged toward the open door, mouth  dry, praying the troll wa n’t about to come out of it. With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key,  lam the door, and lock it. “Ye !” Flu hed with their victory, they  tarted to run back up the pa age, but a  they reached the corner they heard  omething that made their heart   top — a high, petrified  cream — and it wa  coming from the chamber they’d ju t chained up. “Oh, no,”  aid Ron, pale a  the Bloody Baron. “It’  the girl ’ bathroom!” Harry ga ped. “Hermione!” they  aid together. It wa  the la t thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have? Wheeling around, they  printed back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran in ide. Hermione Granger wa   hrinking again t the wall oppo ite, looking a  if  he wa  about to faint. The troll wa  advancing on her, knocking the  ink  off the wall  a  it went. “Confu e it!” Harry  aid de perately to Ron, and,  eizing a tap, he threw it a  hard a  he could again t the wall. The troll  topped a few feet from Hermione. It lumbered around, blinking  tupidly, to  ee what had made the noi e. It  mean little eye   aw Harry. It he itated, then made for him in tead, lifting it  club a  it went. “Oy, pea-brain!” yelled Ron from the other  ide of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn’t even  eem to notice the pipe hitting it   houlder, but it heard the yell and pau ed again, turning it  ugly  nout toward Ron in tead, giving Harry time to run around it. “Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but  he couldn’t move,  he wa   till flat again t the wall, her mouth open with terror. The  houting and the echoe   eemed to be driving the troll ber erk. It roared again and  tarted toward Ron, who wa  neare t and had no way to e cape. Harry then did  omething that wa  both very brave and very  tupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fa ten hi  arm  around the troll’  neck from behind. The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you  tick a long bit of wood up it  no e, and Harry’  wand had  till been in hi  hand when he’d jumped – it had gone  traight up one of the troll’  no tril . Howling with pain, the troll twi ted and flailed it  club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any  econd, the troll wa  going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club. Hermione had  unk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out hi  own wand — not knowing what he wa  going to do he heard him elf cry the fir t  pell that came into hi  head: “Wingardium Levio a!” The club flew  uddenly out of the troll’  hand, ro e high, high up into the air, turned  lowly over — and dropped, with a  ickening crack, onto it  owner’  head. The troll  wayed on the  pot and then fell flat on it  face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble. Harry got to hi  feet. He wa   haking and out of breath. Ron wa   tanding there with hi  wand  till rai ed,  taring at what he had done. It wa  Hermione who  poke fir t. “I  it — dead?” “I don’t think  o,”  aid Harry, I think it’  ju t been knocked out.” He bent down and pulled hi  wand out of the troll’  no e. It wa  covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue. “Urgh — troll booger .” He wiped it on the troll’  trou er . A  udden  lamming and loud foot tep  made the three of them look up. They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of cour e,  omeone down tair  mu t have heard the cra he  and the troll’  roar . A moment later, Profe or McGonagall had come bur ting into the room, clo ely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and  at quickly down on a toilet, clutching hi  heart. Snape bent over the troll. Profe or McGonagall wa  looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never  een her look  o angry. Her lip  were white. Hope  of winning fifty point  for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry’  mind. “What on earth were you thinking of?”  aid Profe or McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at Ron, who wa   till  tanding with hi  wand in the air. “You’re lucky you weren’t killed. Why aren’t you in your dormitory?” Snape gave Harry a  wift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wi hed Ron would put hi  wand down. Then a  mall voice came out of the  hadow . “Plea e, Profe or McGonagall — they were looking for me.” “Mi  Granger!” Hermione had managed to get to her feet at la t. “I went looking for the troll becau e I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, becau e I’ve read all about them.” Ron dropped hi  wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? “If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now. Harry  tuck hi  wand up it  no e and Ron knocked it out with it  own club. They didn’t have time to come and fetch anyone. It wa  about to fini h me off when they arrived.” Harry and Ron tried to look a  though thi   tory wa n’t new to them. “Well — in that ca e ...”  aid Profe or McGonagall,  taring at the three of them, “Mi  Granger, you fooli h girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?” Hermione hung her head. Harry wa   peechle . Hermione wa  the la t per on to do anything again t the rule , and here  he wa , pretending  he had, to get them out of trouble. It wa  a  if Snape had  tarted handing out  weet . “Mi  Granger, five point  will be taken from Gryffindor for thi ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “I’m very di appointed in you. If you’re not hurt at all, you’d better get off to Gryffindor tower. Student  are fini hing the fea t in their hou e .” Hermione left. Profe or McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron. “Well, I  till  ay you were lucky, but not many fir t year  could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five point . Profe or Dumbledore will be informed of thi . You may go.” They hurried out of the chamber and didn’t  peak at all until they had climbed two floor  up. It wa  a relief to be away from the  mell of the troll, quite apart from anything el e. “We  hould have gotten more than ten point ,” Ron grumbled. “Five, you mean, once  he’  taken off Hermione’ .” “Good of her to get u  out of trouble like that,” Ron admitted. “Mind you, we did  ave her.” “She might not have needed  aving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with her,” Harry reminded him. They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady. “Pig  nout,” they  aid and entered. The common room wa  packed and noi y. Everyone wa  eating the food that had been  ent up. Hermione, however,  tood alone by the door, waiting for them. There wa  a very embarra ed pau e. Then, none of them looking at each other, they all  aid “Thank ,” and hurried off to get plate . But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. There are  ome thing  you can’t  hare without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll i  one of them. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER ELEVEN QUIDDITCH A   they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountain  around the  chool became icy gray and the lake like chilled  teel. Every morning the ground wa  covered in fro t. Hagrid could be  een from the up tair  window  defro ting broom tick  on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long mole kin overcoat, rabbit fur glove , and enormou  beaver kin boot . The Quidditch  ea on had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing in hi  fir t match after week  of training: Gryffindor ver u  Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, they would move up into  econd place in the hou e champion hip. Hardly anyone had  een Harry play becau e Wood had decided that, a  their  ecret weapon, Harry  hould be kept, well,  ecret. But the new  that he wa  playing Seeker had leaked out  omehow, and Harry didn’t know which wa  wor e — people telling him he’d be brilliant or people telling him they’d be running around underneath him holding a mattre . It wa  really lucky that Harry now had Hermione a  a friend. He didn’t know how he’d have gotten through all hi  homework without her, what with all the la t-minute Quidditch practice Wood wa  making them do. She had al o lent him Quidditch Through the Age , which turned out to be a very intere ting read. Harry learned that there were  even hundred way  of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seeker  were u ually the  malle t and fa te t player , and that mo t  eriou  Quidditch accident   eemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referee  had been known to vani h and turn up month  later in the Sahara De ert. Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rule   ince Harry and Ron had  aved her from the mountain troll, and  he wa  much nicer for it. The day before Harry’  fir t Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and  he had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. They were  tanding with their back  to it, getting warm, when Snape cro ed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape wa  limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved clo er together to block the fire from view; they were  ure it wouldn’t be allowed. Unfortunately,  omething about their guilty face  caught Snape’  eye. He limped over. He hadn’t  een the fire, but he  eemed to be looking for a rea on to tell them off anyway. “What’  that you’ve got there, Potter?” It wa  Quidditch Through the Age . Harry  howed him. “Library book  are not to be taken out ide the  chool,”  aid Snape. “Give it to me. Five point  from Gryffindor.” “He’  ju t made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily a  Snape limped away. “Wonder what’  wrong with hi  leg?” “Dunno, but I hope it’  really hurting him,”  aid Ron bitterly. The Gryffindor common room wa  very noi y that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  at together next to a window. Hermione wa  checking Harry and Ron’  Charm  homework for them. She would never let them copy (“How will you learn?”), but by a king her to read it through, they got the right an wer  anyway. Harry felt re tle . He wanted Quidditch Through the Age  back, to take hi  mind off hi  nerve  about tomorrow. Why  hould he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he wa  going to a k Snape if he could have it. “Better you than me,” they  aid together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldn’t refu e if there were other teacher  li tening. He made hi  way down to the  taffroom and knocked. There wa  no an wer. He knocked again. Nothing. Perhap  Snape had left the book in there? It wa  worth a try. He pu hed the door ajar and peered in ide – and a horrible  cene met hi  eye . Snape and Filch were in ide, alone. Snape wa  holding hi  robe  above hi  knee . One of hi  leg  wa  bloody and mangled. Filch wa  handing Snape bandage . “Bla ted thing,” Snape wa   aying. “How are you  uppo ed to keep your eye  on all three head  at once?” Harry tried to  hut the door quietly, but — “POTTER!” Snape’  face wa  twi ted with fury a  he dropped hi  robe  quickly to hide hi  leg. Harry gulped. “I ju t wondered if I could have my book back.” “GET OUT! OUT!” Harry left, before Snape could take any more point  from Gryffindor. He  printed back up tair . “Did you get it?” Ron a ked a  Harry joined them. “What’  the matter?” In a low whi per, Harry told them what he’d  een. “You know what thi  mean ?” he fini hed breathle ly. “He tried to get pa t that three-headed dog at Halloween! That’  where he wa  going when we  aw him — he’  after whatever it’  guarding! And I’d bet my broom tick he let that troll in, to make a diver ion!” Hermione’  eye  were wide. “No — he wouldn’t,  he  aid. “I know he’  not very nice, but he wouldn’t try and  teal  omething Dumbledore wa  keeping  afe.” “Hone tly, Hermione, you think all teacher  are  aint  or  omething,”  napped Ron. “I’m with Harry. I wouldn’t put anything pa t Snape. But what’  he after? What’  that dog guarding?” Harry went to bed with hi  head buzzing with the  ame que tion. Neville wa   noring loudly, but Harry couldn’t  leep. He tried to empty hi  mind — he needed to  leep, he had to, he had hi  fir t Quidditch match in a few hour  – but the expre ion on Snape’  face when Harry had  een hi  leg wa n’t ea y to forget. The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall wa  full of the deliciou   mell of fried  au age  and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match. “You’ve got to eat  ome breakfa t.” “I don’t want anything.” “Ju t a bit of toa t,” wheedled Hermione. “I’m not hungry.” Harry felt terrible. In an hour’  time he’d be walking onto the field. “Harry, you need your  trength,”  aid Seamu  Finnigan. “Seeker  are alway  the one  who get clobbered by the other team.” “Thank , Seamu ,”  aid Harry, watching Seamu  pile ketchup on hi   au age . By eleven o’clock the whole  chool  eemed to be out in the  tand  around the Quidditch pitch. Many  tudent  had binocular . The  eat  might be rai ed high in the air, but it wa   till difficult to  ee what wa  going on  ometime . Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamu , and Dean the We t Ham fan up in the top row. A  a  urpri e for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the  heet  Scabber  had ruined. It  aid Potter for Pre ident, and Dean, who wa  good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm  o that the paint fla hed different color . Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the re t of the team were changing into their  carlet Quidditch robe  (Slytherin would be playing in green). Wood cleared hi  throat for  ilence. “Okay, men,” he  aid. “And women,”  aid Cha er Angelina John on. “And women,” Wood agreed. “Thi  i  it.” “The big one,”  aid Fred Wea ley. “The one we’ve all been waiting for,”  aid George. “We know Oliver’   peech by heart,” Fred told Harry, “we were on the team la t year.” “Shut up, you two,”  aid Wood. “Thi  i  the be t team Gryffindor’  had in year . We’re going to win. I know it.” He glared at them all a  if to  ay, “Or el e.” “Right. It’  time. Good luck, all of you.” Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping hi  knee  weren’t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheer . Madam Hooch wa  refereeing. She  tood in the middle of the field waiting for the two team , her broom in her hand. “Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you,”  he  aid, once they were all gathered around her. Harry noticed that  he  eemed to be  peaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcu  Flint, a  ixth year. Harry thought Flint looked a  if he had  ome troll blood in him. Out of the corner of hi  eye he  aw the fluttering banner high above, fla hing Potter for Pre ident over the crowd. Hi  heart  kipped. He felt braver. “Mount your broom , plea e.” Harry clambered onto hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and. Madam Hooch gave a loud bla t on her  ilver whi tle. Fifteen broom  ro e up, high, high into the air. They were off. “And the Quaffle i  taken immediately by Angelina John on of Gryffindor — what an excellent Cha er that girl i , and rather attractive, too —” “JORDAN!” “Sorry, Profe or.” The Wea ley twin ’ friend, Lee Jordan, wa  doing the commentary for the match, clo ely watched by Profe or McGonagall. “And  he’  really belting along up there, a neat pa  to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’ , la t year only a re erve — back to John on and — no, the Slytherin  have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcu  Flint gain  the Quaffle and off he goe  — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’  going to  c— no,  topped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindor  take the Quaffle — that’  Cha er Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that mu t have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherin  — that’  Adrian Pucey  peeding off toward the goal po t , but he’  blocked by a  econd Bludger —  ent hi  way by Fred or George Wea ley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and John on back in po e ion of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off  he goe  —  he’  really flying — dodge  a  peeding Bludger — the goal po t  are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dive  — mi e  — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!” Gryffindor cheer  filled the cold air, with howl  and moan  from the Slytherin . “Budge up there, move along.” “Hagrid!” Ron and Hermione  queezed together to give Hagrid enough  pace to join them. “Bin watchin’ from me hut,”  aid Hagrid, patting a large pair of binocular  around hi  neck, “But it i n’t the  ame a  bein’ in the crowd. No  ign of the Snitch yet, eh?” “Nope,”  aid Ron. “Harry ha n’t had much to do yet.” “Kept outta trouble, though, that’   omethin’,”  aid Hagrid, rai ing hi  binocular  and peering  kyward at the  peck that wa  Harry. Way up above them, Harry wa  gliding over the game,  quinting about for  ome  ign of the Snitch. Thi  wa  part of hi  and Wood’  game plan. “Keep out of the way until you catch  ight of the Snitch,” Wood had  aid. “We don’t want you attacked before you have to be.” When Angelina had  cored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loop  to let off hi  feeling . Now he wa  back to  taring around for the Snitch. Once he caught  ight of a fla h of gold, but it wa  ju t a reflection from one of the Wea ley ’ wri twatche , and once a Bludger decided to come pelting hi  way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Wea ley came cha ing after it. “All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, a  he beat the Bludger furiou ly toward Marcu  Flint. “Slytherin in po e ion,” Lee Jordan wa   aying, “Cha er Pucey duck  two Bludger , two Wea ley , and Cha er Bell, and  peed  toward the — wait a moment — wa  that the Snitch?” A murmur ran through the crowd a  Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too bu y looking over hi   houlder at the fla h of gold that had pa ed hi  left ear. Harry  aw it. In a great ru h of excitement he dived downward after the  treak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higg  had  een it, too. Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Cha er   eemed to have forgotten what they were  uppo ed to be doing a  they hung in midair to watch. Harry wa  fa ter than Higg  — he could  ee the little round ball, wing  fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra  purt of  peed — WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindor  below — Marcu  Flint had blocked Harry on purpo e, and Harry’  broom  pun off cour e, Harry holding on for dear life. “Foul!”  creamed the Gryffindor . Madam Hooch  poke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free  hot at the goal po t  for Gryffindor. But in all the confu ion, of cour e, the Golden Snitch had di appeared from  ight again. Down in the  tand , Dean Thoma  wa  yelling, “Send him off, ref! Red card!” “What are you talking about, Dean?”  aid Ron. “Red card!”  aid Dean furiou ly. “In  occer you get  hown the red card and you’re out of the game!” “But thi  i n’t  occer, Dean,” Ron reminded him. Hagrid, however, wa  on Dean’   ide. “They oughta change the rule . Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.” Lee Jordan wa  finding it difficult not to take  ide . “So — after that obviou  and di gu ting bit of cheating —” “Jordan!” growled Profe or McGonagall. “I mean, after that open and revolting foul…” “Jordan, I’m warning you —” “All right, all right. Flint nearly kill  the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I’m  ure,  o a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who put  it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor  till in po e ion.” It wa  a  Harry dodged another Bludger, which went  pinning dangerou ly pa t hi  head, that it happened. Hi  broom gave a  udden, frightening lurch. For a  plit  econd, he thought he wa  going to fall. He gripped the broom tightly with both hi  hand  and knee . He’d never felt anything like that. It happened again. It wa  a  though the broom wa  trying to buck him off. But Nimbu  Two Thou and  did not  uddenly decide to buck their rider  off. Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal-po t  — he had half a mind to a k Wood to call time-out — and then he realized that hi  broom wa  completely out of hi  control. He couldn’t turn it. He couldn’t direct it at all. It wa  zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent  wi hing movement  that almo t un eated him. Lee wa   till commentating. “Slytherin in po e ion — Flint with the Quaffle — pa e  Spinnet — pa e  Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke hi  no e — only joking, Profe or — Slytherin   core — A no…” The Slytherin  were cheering. No one  eemed to have noticed that Harry’  broom wa  behaving  trangely. It wa  carrying him  lowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching a  it went. “Dunno what Harry think  he’  doing,” Hagrid mumbled. He  tared through hi  binocular . “If I didn’ know better, I’d  ay he’d lo t control of hi  broom…but he can’t have.…” Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the  tand . Hi  broom had  tarted to roll over and over, with him only ju t managing to hold on. Then the whole crowd ga ped. Harry’  broom had given a wild jerk and Harry  wung off it. He wa  now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand. “Did  omething happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamu  whi pered. “Can’t have,” Hagrid  aid, hi  voice  haking. “Can’t nothing interfere with a broom tick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbu  Two Thou and.” At the e word , Hermione  eized Hagrid’  binocular , but in tead of looking up at Harry,  he  tarted looking frantically at the crowd. “What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced. “I knew it,” Hermione ga ped, “Snape — look.” Ron grabbed the binocular . Snape wa  in the middle of the  tand  oppo ite them. He had hi  eye  fixed on Harry and wa  muttering non top under hi  breath. “He’  doing  omething — jinxing the broom,”  aid Hermione. “What  hould we do?” “Leave it to me.” Before Ron could  ay another word, Hermione had di appeared. Ron turned the binocular  back on Harry. Hi  broom wa  vibrating  o hard, it wa  almo t impo ible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd wa  on it  feet, watching, terrified, a  the Wea ley  flew up to try and pull Harry  afely onto one of their broom , but it wa  no good – every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher  till. They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviou ly hoping to catch him if he fell. Marcu  Flint  eized the Quaffle and  cored five time  without anyone noticing. “Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered de perately. Hermione had fought her way acro  to the  tand where Snape  tood, and wa  now racing along the row behind him;  he didn’t even  top to  ay  orry a   he knocked Profe or Quirrell headfir t into the row in front. Reaching Snape,  he crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whi pered a few, well-cho en word . Bright blue flame   hot from her wand onto the hem of Snape’  robe . It took perhap  thirty  econd  for Snape to realize that he wa  on fire. A  udden yelp told her  he had done her job. Scooping the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket,  he  crambled back along the row — Snape would never know what had happened. It wa  enough. Up in the air, Harry wa   uddenly able to clamber back on to hi  broom. “Neville, you can look!” Ron  aid. Neville had been  obbing into Hagrid’  jacket for the la t five minute . Harry wa   peeding toward the ground when the crowd  aw him clap hi  hand to hi  mouth a  though he wa  about to be  ick — he hit the field on all four  — coughed — and  omething gold fell into hi  hand. “I’ve got the Snitch!” he  houted, waving it above hi  head, and the game ended in complete confu ion. “He didn’t catch it, he nearly  wallowed it,” Flint wa   till howling twenty minute  later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rule  and Lee Jordan wa   till happily  houting the re ult  — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and  eventy point  to  ixty. Harry heard none of thi , though. He wa  being made a cup of  trong tea back in Hagrid’  hut, with Ron and Hermione. “It wa  Snape,” Ron wa  explaining, “Hermione and I  aw him. He wa  cur ing your broom tick, muttering, he wouldn’t take hi  eye  off you.” “Rubbi h,”  aid Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the  tand . “Why would Snape do  omethin’ like that?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth. “I found out  omething about him,” he told Hagrid. “He tried to get pa t that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he wa  trying to  teal whatever it’  guarding.” Hagrid dropped the teapot. “How do you know about Fluffy?” he  aid. “Fluffy?” “Yeah — he’  mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub la ’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —” “Ye ?”  aid Harry eagerly. “Now, don’t a k me anymore,”  aid Hagrid gruffly. “That’  top  ecret, that i .” “But Snape’  trying to  teal it.” “Rubbi h,”  aid Hagrid again. “Snape’  a Hogwart  teacher, he’d do nothin’ of the  ort.” “So why did he ju t try and kill Harry?” cried Hermione. The afternoon’  event  certainly  eemed to have changed her mind about Snape. “I know a jinx when I  ee one, Hagrid, I’ve read all about them! You’ve got to keep eye contact, and Snape wa n’t blinking at all, I  aw him!” “I’m tellin’ yeh, yer wrong!”  aid Hagrid hotly. “I don’ know why Harry’  broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn’ try an’ kill a  tudent! Now, li ten to me, all three of yeh — yer meddlin’ in thing  that don’ concern yeh. It’  dangerou . You forget that dog, an’ you forget what it’  guardin’, that’  between Profe or Dumbledore an’ Nicola  Flamel —” “Aha!”  aid Harry, “ o there’   omeone called Nicola  Flamel involved, i  there?” Hagrid looked furiou  with him elf. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER TWELVE THE MIRROR OF ERISED C hri tma  wa  coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwart  woke to find it elf covered in  everal feet of  now. The lake froze  olid and the Wea ley twin  were puni hed for bewitching  everal  nowball   o that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of hi  turban. The few owl  that managed to battle their way through the  tormy  ky to deliver mail had to be nur ed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again. No one could wait for the holiday  to  tart. While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fire , the drafty corridor  had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the window  in the cla room . Wor t of all were Profe or Snape’  cla e  down in the dungeon , where their breath ro e in a mi t before them and they kept a  clo e a  po ible to their hot cauldron . “I do feel  o  orry,”  aid Draco Malfoy, one Potion  cla , “for all tho e people who have to  tay at Hogwart  for Chri tma  becau e they’re not wanted at home.” He wa  looking over at Harry a  he  poke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Harry, who wa  mea uring out powdered  pine of lionfi h, ignored them. Malfoy had been even more unplea ant than u ual  ince the Quidditch match. Di gu ted that the Slytherin  had lo t, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry a  Seeker next. Then he’d realized that nobody found thi  funny, becau e they were all  o impre ed at the way Harry had managed to  tay on hi  bucking broom tick. So Malfoy, jealou  and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family. It wa  true that Harry wa n’t going back to Privet Drive for Chri tma . Profe or McGonagall had come around the week before, making a li t of  tudent  who would be  taying for the holiday , and Harry had  igned up at once. He didn’t feel  orry for him elf at all; thi  would probably be the be t Chri tma  he’d ever had. Ron and hi  brother  were  taying, too, becau e Mr. and Mr . Wea ley were going to Romania to vi it Charlie. When they left the dungeon  at the end of Potion , they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormou  feet  ticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing  ound told them that Hagrid wa  behind it. “Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron a ked,  ticking hi  head through the branche . “Nah, I’m all right, thank , Ron.” “Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’  cold drawl from behind them. “Are you trying to earn  ome extra money, Wea ley? Hoping to be gamekeeper your elf when you leave Hogwart , I  uppo e — that hut of Hagrid’  mu t  eem like a palace compared to what your family’  u ed to.” Ron dived at Malfoy ju t a  Snape came up the  tair . “WEASLEY!” Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’  robe . “He wa  provoked, Profe or Snape,”  aid Hagrid,  ticking hi  huge hairy face out from behind the tree. “Malfoy wa  in ultin’ hi  family.” “Be that a  it may, fighting i  again t Hogwart  rule , Hagrid,”  aid Snape  ilkily. “Five point  from Gryffindor, Wea ley, and be grateful it i n’t more. Move along, all of you.” Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pu hed roughly pa t the tree,  cattering needle  everywhere and  mirking. “I’ll get him,”  aid Ron, grinding hi  teeth at Malfoy’  back, “one of the e day , I’ll get him —” “I hate them both,”  aid Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.” “Come on, cheer up, it’  nearly Chri tma ,”  aid Hagrid. “Tell yeh what, come with me an’  ee the Great Hall, look  a treat.” So the three of them followed Hagrid and hi  tree off to the Great Hall, where Profe or McGonagall and Profe or Flitwick were bu y with the Chri tma  decoration . “Ah, Hagrid, the la t tree — put it in the far corner, would you?” The hall looked  pectacular. Fe toon  of holly and mi tletoe hung all around the wall , and no le  than twelve towering Chri tma  tree   tood around the room,  ome  parkling with tiny icicle ,  ome glittering with hundred  of candle . “How many day  you got left until yer holiday ?” Hagrid a ked. “Ju t one,”  aid Hermione. “And that remind  me — Harry, Ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we  hould be in the library.” “Oh yeah, you’re right,”  aid Ron, tearing hi  eye  away from Profe or Flitwick, who had golden bubble  blo oming out of hi  wand and wa  trailing them over the branche  of the new tree. “The library?”  aid Hagrid, following them out of the hall. “Ju t before the holiday ? Bit keen, aren’t yeh?” “Oh, we’re not working,” Harry told him brightly. “Ever  ince you mentioned Nicola  Flamel we’ve been trying to find out who he i .” “You what?” Hagrid looked  hocked. “Li ten here — I’ve told yeh — drop it. It’  nothin’ to you what that dog’  guardin’.” “We ju t want to know who Nicola  Flamel i , that’  all,”  aid Hermione. “Unle  you’d like to tell u  and  ave u  the trouble?” Harry added. “We mu t’ve been through hundred  of book  already and we can’t find him anywhere — ju t give u  a hint — I know I’ve read hi  name  omewhere.” “I’m  ayin’ nothin’,  aid Hagrid flatly. “Ju t have to find out for our elve , then,”  aid Ron, and they left Hagrid looking di gruntled and hurried off to the library. They had indeed been  earching book  for Flamel’  name ever  ince Hagrid had let it  lip, becau e how el e were they going to find out what Snape wa  trying to  teal? The trouble wa , it wa  very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get him elf into a book. He wa n’t in Great Wizard  of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Name  of Our Time; he wa  mi ing, too, from Important Modern Magical Di coverie , and A Study of Recent Development  in Wizardry. And then, of cour e, there wa  the  heer  ize of the library; ten  of thou and  of book ; thou and  of  helve ; hundred  of narrow row . Hermione took out a li t of  ubject  and title   he had decided to  earch while Ron  trode off down a row of book  and  tarted pulling them off the  helve  at random. Harry wandered over to the Re tricted Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wa n’t  omewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a  pecially  igned note from one of the teacher  to look in any of the re tricted book , and he knew he’d never get one. The e were the book  containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwart , and only read by older  tudent   tudying advanced Defen e Again t the Dark Art . “What are you looking for, boy?” “Nothing,”  aid Harry. Madam Pince the librarian brandi hed a feather du ter at him. “You’d better get out, then. Go on — out!” Wi hing he’d been a bit quicker at thinking up  ome  tory, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they’d better not a k Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were  ure  he’d be able to tell them, but they couldn’t ri k Snape hearing what they were up to. Harry waited out ide in the corridor to  ee if the other two had found anything, but he wa n’t very hopeful. They had been looking for two week , after A, but a  they only had odd moment  between le on  it wa n’t  urpri ing they’d found nothing. What they really needed wa  a nice long  earch without Madam Pince breathing down their neck . Five minute  later, Ron and Hermione joined him,  haking their head . They went off to lunch. “You will keep looking while I’m away, won’t you?”  aid Hermione. “And  end me an owl if you find anything.” “And you could a k your parent  if they know who Flamel i ,”  aid Ron. “It’d be  afe to a k them.” “Very  afe, a  they’re both denti t ,”  aid Hermione. Once the holiday  had  tarted, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to them elve  and the common room wa  far emptier than u ual,  o they were able to get the good armchair  by the fire. They  at by the hour eating anything they could  pear on a toa ting fork — bread, Engli h muffin , mar hmallow  — and plotting way  of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work. Ron al o  tarted teaching Harry wizard che . Thi  wa  exactly like Muggle che  except that the figure  were alive, which made it a lot like directing troop  in battle. Ron’   et wa  very old and battered. Like everything el e he owned, it had once belonged to  omeone el e in hi  family — in thi  ca e, hi  grandfather. However, old che men weren’t a drawback at all. Ron knew them  o well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted. Harry played with che men Seamu  Finnigan had lent him, and they didn’t tru t him at all. He wa n’t a very good player yet and they kept  houting different bit  of advice at him, which wa  confu ing. “Don’t  end me there, can’t you  ee hi  knight? Send him, we can afford to lo e him.” On Chri tma  Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any pre ent  at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the fir t thing he  aw wa  a  mall pile of package  at the foot of hi  bed. “Merry Chri tma ,”  aid Ron  leepily a  Harry  crambled out of bed and pulled on hi  bathrobe. “You, too,”  aid Harry. “Will you look at thi ? I’ve got  ome pre ent !” “What did you expect, turnip ?”  aid Ron, turning to hi  own pile, which wa  a lot bigger than Harry’ . Harry picked up the top parcel. It wa  wrapped in thick brown paper and  crawled acro  it wa  To Harry, from Hagrid. In ide wa  a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviou ly whittled it him elf. Harry blew it — it  ounded a bit like an owl. A  econd, very  mall parcel contained a note. We received your me age and enclo e your Chri tma  pre ent. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note wa  a fifty-pence piece. “That’  friendly,”  aid Harry. Ron wa  fa cinated by the fifty pence. “Weird!” he  aid, ‘What a  hape! Thi  i  money?” “You can keep it,”  aid Harry, laughing at how plea ed Ron wa . “Hagrid and my aunt and uncle —  o who  ent the e?” “I think I know who that one’  from,”  aid Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. “My mom. I told her you didn’t expect any pre ent  and — oh, no,” he groaned, “ he’  made you a Wea ley  weater.” Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted  weater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge. “Every year  he make  u  a  weater,”  aid Ron, unwrapping hi  own, “and mine’  alway  maroon.” “That’  really nice of her,”  aid Harry, trying the fudge, which wa  very ta ty. Hi  next pre ent al o contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frog  from Hermione. Thi  only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It wa  very light. He unwrapped it. Something fluid and  ilvery gray went  lithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming fold . Ron ga ped. “I’ve heard of tho e,” he  aid in a hu hed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Bean  he’d gotten from Hermione. “If that’  what I think it i  — they’re really rare, and really valuable.” “What i  it?” Harry picked the  hining,  ilvery cloth off the floor. It wa   trange to the touch, like water woven into material. “It’  an invi ibility cloak,”  aid Ron, a look of awe on hi  face. “I’m  ure it i  — try it on.” Harry threw the cloak around hi   houlder  and Ron gave a yell. “It i ! Look down!” Harry looked down at hi  feet, but they were gone. He da hed to the mirror. Sure enough, hi  reflection looked back at him, ju t hi  head  u pended in midair, hi  body completely invi ible. He pulled the cloak over hi  head and hi  reflection vani hed completely. “There’  a note!”  aid Ron  uddenly. “A note fell out of it!” Harry pulled off the cloak and  eized the letter. Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never  een before were the following word : Your father left thi  in my po e ion before he died. It i  time it wa  returned to you. U e it well. A Very Merry Chri tma  to you. There wa  no  ignature. Harry  tared at the note. Ron wa  admiring the cloak. “I’d give anything for one of the e,” he  aid. “Anything. What’  the matter?” “Nothing,”  aid Harry. He felt very  trange. Who had  ent the cloak? Had it really once belonged to hi  father? Before he could  ay or think anything el e, the dormitory door wa  flung open and Fred and George Wea ley bounded in. Harry  tuffed the cloak quickly out of  ight. He didn’t feel like  haring it with anyone el e yet. “Merry Chri tma !” “Hey, look — Harry’  got a Wea ley  weater, too!” Fred and George were wearing blue  weater , one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G. “Harry’  i  better than our , though,”  aid Fred, holding up Harry’   weater. “She obviou ly make  more of an effort if you’re not family.” “Why aren’t you wearing your , Ron?” George demanded. “Come on, get it on, they’re lovely and warm.” “I hate maroon,” Ron moaned halfheartedly a  he pulled it over hi  head. “You haven’t got a letter on your ,” George ob erved. “I  uppo e  he think  you don’t forget your name. But we’re not  tupid — we know we’re called Gred and Forge.” “What’  all thi  noi e?” Percy Wea ley  tuck hi  head through the door, looking di approving. He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping hi  pre ent  a  he, too, carried a lumpy  weater over hi  arm, which Fred  eized. “P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing our , even Harry got one.” “I — don’t — want —”  aid Percy thickly, a  the twin  forced the  weater over hi  head, knocking hi  gla e  a kew. “And you’re not  itting with the prefect  today, either,”  aid George. “Chri tma  i  a time for family.” They frog-marched Percy from the room, hi  arm  pinned to hi   ide by hi   weater. Harry had never in all hi  life had  uch a Chri tma  dinner. A hundred fat, roa t turkey ; mountain  of roa t and boiled potatoe ; platter  of chipolata ; tureen  of buttered pea ,  ilver boat  of thick, rich gravy and cranberry  auce – and  tack  of wizard cracker  every few feet along the table. The e fanta tic party favor  were nothing like the feeble Muggle one  the Dur ley  u ually bought, with their little pla tic toy  and their flim y paper hat  in ide. Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t ju t bang, it went off with a bla t like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue  moke, while from the in ide exploded a rear admiral’  hat and  everal live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had  wapped hi  pointed wizard’  hat for a flowered bonnet, and wa  chuckling merrily at a joke Profe or Flitwick had ju t read him. Flaming Chri tma  pudding  followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke hi  teeth on a  ilver  ickle embedded in hi   lice. Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face a  he called for more wine, finally ki ing Profe or McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’  amazement, giggled and blu hed, her top hat lop ided. When Harry finally left the table, he wa  laden down with a  tack of thing  out of the cracker , including a pack of nonexplodable, luminou  balloon , a Grow-Your-Own-Wart  kit, and hi  own new wizard che   et. The white mice had di appeared and Harry had a na ty feeling they were going to end up a  Mr . Norri ’  Chri tma  dinner. Harry and the Wea ley   pent a happy afternoon having a furiou   nowball fight on the ground . Then, cold, wet, and ga ping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in hi  new che   et by lo ing  pectacularly to Ron. He  u pected he wouldn’t have lo t  o badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him  o much. After a meal of turkey  andwiche , crumpet , trifle, and Chri tma  cake, everyone felt too full and  leepy to do much before bed except  it and watch Percy cha e Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower becau e they’d  tolen hi  prefect badge. It had been Harry’  be t Chri tma  day ever. Yet  omething had been nagging at the back of hi  mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed wa  he free to think about it: the invi ibility cloak and whoever had  ent it. Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing my teriou  to bother him, fell a leep almo t a   oon a  he’d drawn the curtain  of hi  four-po ter. Harry leaned over the  ide of hi  own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it. Hi  father’ …thi  had been hi  father’ . He let the material flow over hi  hand ,  moother than  ilk, light a  air. U e it well, the note had  aid. He had to try it, now. He  lipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around him elf. Looking down at hi  leg , he  aw only moonlight and  hadow . It wa  a very funny feeling. U e it well. Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwart  wa  open to him in thi  cloak. Excitement flooded through him a  he  tood there in the dark and  ilence. He could go anywhere in thi , anywhere, and Filch would never know. Ron grunted in hi   leep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him back — hi  father’  cloak — he felt that thi  time — the fir t time — he wanted to u e it alone. He crept out of the dormitory, down the  tair , acro  the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole. “Who’  there?”  quawked the Fat Lady. Harry  aid nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor. Where  hould he go? He  topped, hi  heart racing, and thought. And then it came to him. The Re tricted Section in the library. He’d be able to read a  long a  he liked, a  long a  it took to find out who Flamel wa . He  et off, drawing the invi ibility cloak tight around him a  he walked. The library wa  pitch-black and very eerie. Harry lit a lamp to  ee hi  way along the row  of book . The lamp looked a  if it wa  floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel hi  arm  upporting it, the  ight gave him the creep . The Re tricted Section wa  right at the back of the library. Stepping carefully over the rope that  eparated the e book  from the re t of the library, he held up hi  lamp to read the title . They didn’t tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letter   pelled word  in language  Harry couldn’t under tand. Some had no title at all. One book had a dark  tain on it that looked horribly like blood. The hair  on the back of Harry’  neck prickled. Maybe he wa  imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whi pering wa  coming from the book , a  though they knew  omeone wa  there who  houldn’t be. He had to  tart  omewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom  helf for an intere ting looking book. A large black and  ilver volume caught hi  eye. He pulled it out with difficulty, becau e it wa  very heavy, and, balancing it on hi  knee, let it fall open. A piercing, bloodcurdling  hriek  plit the  ilence — the book wa   creaming! Harry  napped it  hut, but the  hriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, ear plitting note. He  tumbled backward and knocked over hi  lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard foot tep  coming down the corridor out ide —  tuffing the  hrieking book back on the  helf, he ran for it. He pa ed Filch in the doorway; Filch’  pale, wild eye  looked  traight through him, and Harry  lipped under Filch’  out tretched arm and  treaked off up the corridor, the book’   hriek   till ringing in hi  ear . He came to a  udden halt in front of a tall  uit of armor. He had been  o bu y getting away from the library, he hadn’t paid attention to where he wa  going. Perhap  becau e it wa  dark, he didn’t recognize where he wa  at all. There wa  a  uit of armor near the kitchen , he knew, but he mu t be five floor  above there. “You a ked me to come directly to you, Profe or, if anyone wa  wandering around at night, and  omebody’  been in the library Re tricted Section.” Harry felt the blood drain out of hi  face. Wherever he wa , Filch mu t know a  hortcut, becau e hi   oft, grea y voice wa  getting nearer, and to hi  horror, it wa  Snape who replied, “The Re tricted Section? Well, they can’t be far, we’ll catch them.” Harry  tood rooted to the  pot a  Filch and Snape came around the corner ahead. They couldn’t  ee him, of cour e, but it wa  a narrow corridor and if they came much nearer they’d knock right into him — the cloak didn’t  top him from being  olid. He backed away a  quietly a  he could. A door  tood ajar to hi  left. It wa  hi  only hope. He  queezed through it, holding hi  breath, trying not to move it, and to hi  relief he managed to get in ide the room without their noticing anything. They walked  traight pa t, and Harry leaned again t the wall, breathing deeply, li tening to their foot tep  dying away. That had been clo e, very clo e. It wa  a few  econd  before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in. It looked like an unu ed cla room. The dark  hape  of de k  and chair  were piled again t the wall , and there wa  an upturned wa tepaper ba ket – but propped again t the wall facing him wa   omething that didn’t look a  if it belonged there,  omething that looked a  if  omeone had ju t put it there to keep it out of the way. It wa  a magnificent mirror, a  high a  the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame,  tanding on two clawed feet. There wa  an in cription carved around the top: Eri ed  tra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on woh i. Hi  panic fading now that there wa  no  ound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at him elf but  ee no reflection again. He  tepped in front of it. He had to clap hi  hand  to hi  mouth to  top him elf from  creaming. He whirled around. Hi  heart wa  pounding far more furiou ly than when the book had  creamed — for he had  een not only him elf in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people  tanding right behind him. But the room wa  empty. Breathing very fa t, he turned  lowly back to the mirror. There he wa , reflected in it, white and  cared-looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at lea t ten other . Harry looked over hi   houlder — but  till, no one wa  there. Or were they all invi ible, too? Wa  he in fact in a room full of invi ible people and thi  mirror’  trick wa  that it reflected them, invi ible or not? He looked in the mirror again. A woman  tanding right behind hi  reflection wa   miling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him. If  he wa  really there, he’d touch her, their reflection  were  o clo e together, but he felt only air –  he and the other  exi ted only in the mirror. She wa  a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eye  — her eye  are ju t like mine, Harry thought, edging a little clo er to the gla . Bright green — exactly the  ame  hape, but then he noticed that  he wa  crying;  miling, but crying at the  ame time. The tall, thin, black-haired man  tanding next to her put hi  arm around her. He wore gla e , and hi  hair wa  very untidy. It  tuck up at the back, ju t a  Harry’  did. Harry wa   o clo e to the mirror now that hi  no e wa  nearly touching that of hi  reflection. “Mom?” he whi pered. “Dad?” They ju t looked at him,  miling. And  lowly, Harry looked into the face  of the other people in the mirror, and  aw other pair  of green eye  like hi , other no e  like hi , even a little old man who looked a  though he had Harry’  knobbly knee  — Harry wa  looking at hi  family, for the fir t time in hi  life. The Potter   miled and waved at Harry and he  tared hungrily back at them, hi  hand  pre ed flat again t the gla  a  though he wa  hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache in ide him, half joy, half terrible  adne . How long he  tood there, he didn’t know. The reflection  did not fade and he looked and looked until a di tant noi e brought him back to hi   en e . He couldn’t  tay here, he had to find hi  way back to bed. He tore hi  eye  away from hi  mother’  face, whi pered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room. “You could have woken me up,”  aid Ron, cro ly. “You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to  how you the mirror. “I’d like to  ee your mom and dad,” Ron  aid eagerly. “And I want to  ee all your family, all the Wea ley , you’ll be able to  how me your other brother  and everyone.” “You can  ee them any old time,”  aid Ron. “Ju t come round my hou e thi   ummer. Anyway, maybe it only  how  dead people. Shame about not finding Flamel, though. Have  ome bacon or  omething, why aren’t you eating anything?” Harry couldn’t eat. He had  een hi  parent  and would be  eeing them again tonight. He had almo t forgotten about Flamel. It didn’t  eem very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog wa  guarding? What did it matter if Snape  tole it, really? “Are you all right?”  aid Ron. “You look odd.” What Harry feared mo t wa  that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more  lowly the next night. They tried retracing Harry’  route from the library, wandering around the dark pa ageway  for nearly an hour. “I’m freezing,”  aid Ron. “Let’  forget it and go back.” “No!” Harry hi ed. I know it’  here  omewhere.” They pa ed the gho t of a tall witch gliding in the oppo ite direction, but  aw no one el e. ju t a  Ron  tarted moaning that hi  feet were dead with cold, Harry  potted the  uit of armor. “It’  here — ju t here — ye !” They pu hed the door open. Harry dropped the cloak from around hi   houlder  and ran to the mirror. There they were. Hi  mother and father beamed at the  ight of him. “See?” Harry whi pered. “I can’t  ee anything.” “Look! Look at them all…there are load  of them.…” “I can only  ee you.” “Look in it properly, go on,  tand where I am.” Harry  tepped a ide, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t  ee hi  family anymore, ju t Ron in hi  pai ley pajama . Ron, though, wa   taring tran fixed at hi  image. “Look at me!” he  aid. “Can you  ee all your family  tanding around you?” “No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!” “What?” “I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill u ed to — and I’m holding the hou e cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.” Ron tore hi  eye  away from thi   plendid  ight to look excitedly at Harry. “Do you think thi  mirror  how  the future?” “How can it? All my family are dead — let me have another look —” “You had it to your elf all la t night, give me a bit more time.” “You’re only holding the Quidditch cup, what’  intere ting about that? I want to  ee my parent .” “Don’t pu h me —” A  udden noi e out ide in the corridor put an end to their di cu ion. They hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking. “Quick!” Ron threw the cloak back over them a  the luminou  eye  of Mr . Norri  came round the door. Ron and Harry  tood quite  till, both thinking the  ame thing — did the cloak work on cat ? After what  eemed an age,  he turned and left. “Thi  i n’t  afe —  he might have gone for Filch, I bet  he heard u . Come on.” And Ron pulled Harry out of the room. The  now  till hadn’t melted the next morning. “Want to play che , Harry?”  aid Ron. “No.” “Why don’t we go down and vi it Hagrid?” “No…you go…” “I know what you’re thinking about, Harry, that mirror. Don’t go back tonight.” “Why not?” “I dunno, I’ve ju t got a bad feeling about it — and anyway, you’ve had too many clo e  have  already. Filch, Snape, and Mr . Norri  are wandering around. So what if they can’t  ee you? What if they walk into you? What if you knock  omething over?” “You  ound like Hermione.” “I’m  eriou , Harry, don’t go.” But Harry only had one thought in hi  head, which wa  to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wa n’t going to  top him. That third night he found hi  way more quickly than before. He wa  walking  o fa t he knew he wa  making more noi e than wa  wi e, but he didn’t meet anyone. And there were hi  mother and father  miling at him again, and one of hi  grandfather  nodding happily. Harry  ank down to  it on the floor in front of the mirror. There wa  nothing to  top him from  taying here all night with hi  family. Nothing at all. Except — “So — back again, Harry?” Harry felt a  though hi  in ide  had turned to ice. He looked behind him. Sitting on one of the de k  by the wall wa  none other than Albu  Dumbledore. Harry mu t have walked  traight pa t him,  o de perate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him. “I — I didn’t  ee you,  ir.” “Strange how near ighted being invi ible can make you,”  aid Dumbledore, and Harry wa  relieved to  ee that he wa   miling. “So,”  aid Dumbledore,  lipping off the de k to  it on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundred  before you, have di covered the delight  of the Mirror of Eri ed.” “I didn’t know it wa  called that, Sir.” “But I expect you’ve realized by now what it doe ?” “It — well — it  how  me my family —” “And it  howed your friend Ron him elf a  head boy.” “How did you know —?” “I don’t need a cloak to become invi ible,”  aid Dumbledore gently. “Now, can you think what the Mirror of Eri ed  how  u  all?” Harry  hook hi  head. “Let me explain. The happie t man on earth would be able to u e the Mirror of Eri ed like a normal mirror, that i , he would look into it and  ee him elf exactly a  he i . Doe  that help?” Harry thought. Then he  aid  lowly, “It  how  u  what we want…whatever we want…” “Ye  and no,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “It  how  u  nothing more or le  than the deepe t, mo t de perate de ire of our heart . You, who have never known your family,  ee them  tanding around you. Ronald Wea ley, who ha  alway  been over hadowed by hi  brother ,  ee  him elf  tanding alone, the be t of all of them. However, thi  mirror will give u  neither knowledge or truth. Men have wa ted away before it, entranced by what they have  een, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it  how  i  real or even po ible. “The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I a k you not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run acro  it, you will now be prepared. It doe  not do to dwell on dream  and forget to live, remember that. Now, why don’t you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?” Harry  tood up. “Sir — Profe or Dumbledore? Can I a k you  omething?” “Obviou ly, you’ve ju t done  o,” Dumbledore  miled. “You may a k me one more thing, however.” “What do you  ee when you look in the mirror?” “I? I  ee my elf holding a pair of thick, woolen  ock .” Harry  tared. “One can never have enough  ock ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Another Chri tma  ha  come and gone and I didn’t get a  ingle pair. People will in i t on giving me book .” It wa  only when he wa  back in bed that it  truck Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, a  he  hoved Scabber  off hi  pillow, it had been quite a per onal que tion. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER THIRTEEN NICHOLAS FLAMEL D umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Eri ed again, and for the re t of the Chri tma  holiday  the invi ibility cloak  tayed folded at the bottom of hi  trunk. Harry wi hed he could forget what he’d  een in the mirror a  ea ily, but he couldn’t. He  tarted having nightmare . Over and over again he dreamed about hi  parent  di appearing in a fla h of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter. “You  ee, Dumbledore wa  right, that mirror could drive you mad,”  aid Ron, when Harry told him about the e dream . Hermione, who came back the day before term  tarted, took a different view of thing . She wa  torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the  chool three night  in a row (“If Filch had caught you!”), and di appointment that he hadn’t at lea t found out who Nicola  Flamel wa . They had almo t given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry wa   till  ure he’d read the name  omewhere. Once term had  tarted, they were back to  kimming through book  for ten minute  during their break . Harry had even le  time than the other two, becau e Quidditch practice had  tarted again. Wood wa  working the team harder than ever. Even the endle  rain that had replaced the  now couldn’t dampen hi   pirit . The Wea ley  complained that Wood wa  becoming a fanatic, but Harry wa  on Wood’   ide. If they won their next match, again t Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the hou e champion hip for the fir t time in  even year . Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer nightmare  when he wa  tired out after training. Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice  e ion, Wood gave the team a bit of bad new . He’d ju t gotten very angry with the Wea ley , who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their broom . “Will you  top me ing around!” he yelled. “That’  exactly the  ort of thing that’ll lo e u  the match! Snape’  refereeing thi  time, and he’ll be looking for any excu e to knock point  off Gryffindor!” George Wea ley really did fall off hi  broom at the e word . “Snape’  refereeing?” he  pluttered through a mouthful of mud. “When’  he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He’  not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.” The re t of the team landed next to George to complain, too. “It’  not my fault,”  aid Wood. “We’ve ju t got to make  ure we play a clean game,  o Snape ha n’t got an excu e to pick on u .” Which wa  all very well, thought Harry, but he had another rea on for not wanting Snape near him while he wa  playing Quidditch.… The re t of the team hung back to talk to one another a  u ual at the end of practice, but Harry headed  traight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing che . Che  wa  the only thing Hermione ever lo t at,  omething Harry and Ron thought wa  very good for her. “Don’t talk to me for a moment,”  aid Ron when Harry  at down next to him, “I need to concen—” He caught  ight of Harry’  face. “What’  the matter with you? You look terrible.” Speaking quietly  o that no one el e would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape’   udden,  ini ter de ire to be a Quidditch referee. “Don’t play,”  aid Hermione at once. “Say you’re ill,”  aid Ron. “Pretend to break your leg,” Hermione  ugge ted. “Really break your leg,”  aid Ron. “I can’t,”  aid Harry. “There i n’t a re erve Seeker. If I back out, Gryffindor can’t play at all.” At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole wa  anyone’  gue , becau e hi  leg  had been  tuck together with what they recognized at once a  the Leg-Locker Cur e. He mu t have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower. Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercur e. Neville’  leg   prang apart and he got to hi  feet, trembling. “What happened?” Hermione a ked him, leading him over to  it with Harry and Ron. “Malfoy,”  aid Neville  hakily. “I met him out ide the library. He  aid he’d been looking for  omeone to practice that on.” “Go to Profe or McGonagall!” Hermione urged Neville. “Report him!” Neville  hook hi  head. “I don’t want more trouble,” he mumbled. “You’ve got to  tand up to him, Neville!”  aid Ron. “He’  u ed to walking all over people, but that’  no rea on to lie down in front of him and make it ea ier.” “There’  no need to tell me I’m not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy’  already done that,” Neville choked out. Harry felt in the pocket of hi  robe  and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very la t one from the box Hermione had given him for Chri tma . He gave it to Neville, who looked a  though he might cry. “You’re worth twelve of Malfoy,” Harry  aid. “The Sorting Hat cho e you for Gryffindor, didn’t it? And where’  Malfoy? In  tinking Slytherin.” Neville’  lip  twitched in a weak  mile a  he unwrapped the frog. “Thank , Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?” A  Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famou  Wizard card. “Dumbledore again,” he  aid, “He wa  the fir t one I ever —” He ga ped. He  tared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione. “I’ve found him!” he whi pered. “I’ve found Flamel! I told you I’d read the name  omewhere before, I read it on the train coming here — li ten to thi : ‘Dumbledore i  particularly famou  for hi  defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the di covery of the twelve u e  of dragon’  blood, and hi  work on alchemy with hi  partner, Nicola  Flamel’!” Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn’t looked  o excited  ince they’d gotten back the mark  for their very fir t piece of homework. “Stay there!”  he  aid, and  he  printed up the  tair  to the girl ’ dormitorie . Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange my tified look  before  he wa  da hing back, an enormou  old book in her arm . “I never thought to look in here!”  he whi pered excitedly. “I got thi  out of the library week  ago for a bit of light reading.” “Light?”  aid Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until  he’d looked  omething up, and  tarted flicking frantically through the page , muttering to her elf. At la t  he found what  he wa  looking for. “I knew it! I knew it!” “Are we allowed to  peak yet?”  aid Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him. “Nicola  Flamel,”  he whi pered dramatically, “i  the only known maker of the Sorcerer’  Stone!” Thi  didn’t have quite the effect  he’d expected. “The what?”  aid Harry and Ron. “Oh, hone tly, don’t you two read? Look – read that, there.” She pu hed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read: The ancient  tudy of alchemy i  concerned with making the Sorcerer’  Stone, a legendary  ub tance with a toni hing power . The  tone will tran form any metal into pure gold. It al o produce  the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal. There have been many report  of the Sorcerer’  Stone over the centurie , but the only Stone currently in exi tence belong  to Mr. Nicola  Flamel, the noted alchemi t and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated hi   ix hundred and  ixty-fifth birthday la t year, enjoy  a quiet life in Devon with hi  wife, Perenelle ( ix hundred and fifty-eight). “See?”  aid Hermione, when Harry and Ron had fini hed. “The dog mu t be guarding Flamel’  Sorcerer’  Stone! I bet he a ked Dumbledore to keep it  afe for him, becau e they’re friend  and he knew  omeone wa  after it, that’  why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringott !” “A  tone that make  gold and  top  you from ever dying!”  aid Harry. “No wonder Snape’  after it! Anyone would want it.” “And no wonder we couldn’t find Flamel in that Study of Recent Development  in Wizardry,”  aid Ron. “He’  not exactly recent if he’   ix hundred and  ixty-five, i  he?” The next morning in Defen e Again t the Dark Art , while copying down different way  of treating werewolf bite , Harry and Ron were  till di cu ing what they’d do with a Sorcerer’  Stone if they had one. It wa n’t until Ron  aid he’d buy hi  own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match. “I’m going to play,” he told Ron and Hermione. “If I don’t, all the Slytherin  will think I’m ju t too  cared to face Snape. I’ll  how them…it’ll really wipe the  mile  off their face  if we win.” “Ju t a  long a  we’re not wiping you off the field,”  aid Hermione. A  the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervou , whatever he told Ron and Hermione. The re t of the team wa n’t too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the hou e champion hip wa  wonderful, no one had done it for  even year , but would they be allowed to, with  uch a bia ed referee? Harry didn’t know whether he wa  imagining it or not, but he  eemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At time , he even wondered whether Snape wa  following him, trying to catch him on hi  own. Potion  le on  were turning into a  ort of weekly torture, Snape wa   o horrible to Harry. Could Snape po ibly know they’d found out about the Sorcerer’  Stone? Harry didn’t  ee how he could — yet he  ometime  had the horrible feeling that Snape could read mind . Harry knew, when they wi hed him good luck out ide the locker room  the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they’d ever  ee him alive again. Thi  wa n’t what you’d call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Wood’  pep talk a  he pulled on hi  Quidditch robe  and picked up hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and. Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the  tand  next to Neville, who couldn’t under tand why they looked  o grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wand  to the match. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been  ecretly practicing the Leg-Locker Cur e. They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy u ing it on Neville, and were ready to u e it on Snape if he  howed any  ign of wanting to hurt Harry. “Now, don’t forget, it’  Locomotor Morti ,” Hermione muttered a  Ron  lipped hi  wand up hi   leeve. “I know,” Ron  napped. “Don’t nag.” Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry a ide. “Don’t want to pre ure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it’  now. Fini h the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much.” “The whole  chool’  out there!”  aid Fred Wea ley, peering out of the door. “Even — blimey — Dumbledore’  come to watch!” Harry’  heart did a  omer ault. “Dumbledore?” he  aid, da hing to the door to make  ure. Fred wa  right. There wa  no mi taking that  ilver beard. Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He wa   afe. There wa   imply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore wa  watching. Perhap  that wa  why Snape wa  looking  o angry a  the team  marched onto the field,  omething that Ron noticed, too. “I’ve never  een Snape look  o mean,” he told Hermione. “Look — they’re off. Ouch!” Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It wa  Malfoy. “Oh,  orry, Wea ley, didn’t  ee you there.” Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle. “Wonder how long Potter’  going to  tay on hi  broom thi  time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Wea ley?” Ron didn’t an wer; Snape had ju t awarded Hufflepuff a penalty becau e George Wea ley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had all her finger  cro ed in her lap, wa   quinting fixedly at Harry, who wa  circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch. “You know how I think they choo e people for the Gryffindor team?”  aid Malfoy loudly a few minute  later, a  Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no rea on at all. “It’  people they feel  orry for. See, there’  Potter, who’  got no parent , then there’  the Wea ley , who’ve got no money — you  hould be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brain .” Neville went bright red but turned in hi   eat to face Malfoy. “I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he  tammered. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron,  till not daring to take hi  eye  from the game,  aid, “You tell him, Neville.” “Longbottom, if brain  were gold you’d be poorer than Wea ley, and that’   aying  omething.” Ron’  nerve  were already  tretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry. “I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—” “Ron!”  aid Hermione  uddenly, “Harry —” “What? Where?” Harry had  uddenly gone into a  pectacular dive, which drew ga p  and cheer  from the crowd. Hermione  tood up, her cro ed finger  in her mouth, a  Harry  treaked toward the ground like a bullet. “You’re in luck, Wea ley, Potter’  obviou ly  potted  ome money on the ground!”  aid Malfoy. Ron  napped. Before Malfoy knew what wa  happening, Ron wa  on top of him, wre tling him to the ground. Neville he itated, then clambered over the back of hi   eat to help. “Come on, Harry!” Hermione  creamed, leaping onto her  eat to watch a  Harry  ped  traight at Snape —  he didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her  eat, or the  cuffle  and yelp  coming from the whirl of fi t  that wa  Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle. Up in the air, Snape turned on hi  broom tick ju t in time to  ee  omething  carlet  hoot pa t him, mi ing him by inche  — the next  econd, Harry had pulled out of the dive, hi  arm rai ed in triumph, the Snitch cla ped in hi  hand. The  tand  erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught  o quickly. “Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game’  over! Harry’  won! We’ve won! Gryffindor i  in the lead!”  hrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her  eat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front. Harry jumped off hi  broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn’t believe it. He’d done it — the game wa  over; it had barely la ted five minute . A  Gryffindor  came  pilling onto the field, he  aw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then Harry felt a hand on hi   houlder and looked up into Dumbledore’   miling face. “Well done,”  aid Dumbledore quietly,  o that only Harry could hear. “Nice to  ee you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping bu y...excellent...” Snape  pat bitterly on the ground. Harry left the locker room alone  ome time later, to take hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and back to the broom hed. He couldn’t ever remember feeling happier. He’d really done  omething to be proud of now – no one could  ay he wa  ju t a famou  name any more. The evening air had never  melled  o  weet. He walked over the damp gra , reliving the la t hour in hi  head, which wa  a happy blur: Gryffindor  running to lift him onto their  houlder ; Ron and Hermione in the di tance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy no ebleed. Harry had reached the  hed. He leaned again t the wooden door and looked up at Hogwart , with it  window  glowing red in the  etting  un. Gryffindor in the lead. He’d done it, he’d  hown Snape .... And  peaking of Snape… A hooded figure came  wiftly down the front  tep  of the ca tle. Clearly not wanting to be  een, it walked a  fa t a  po ible toward the forbidden fore t. Harry’  victory faded from hi  mind a  he watched. He recognized the figure’  prowling walk. Snape,  neaking into the fore t while everyone el e wa  at dinner — what wa  going on? Harry jumped back on hi  Nimbu  Two Thou and and took off. Gliding  ilently over the ca tle he  aw Snape enter the fore t at a run. He followed. The tree  were  o thick he couldn’t  ee where Snape had gone. He flew in circle , lower and lower, bru hing the top branche  of tree  until he heard voice . He glided toward them and landed noi ele ly in a towering beech tree. He climbed carefully along one of the branche , holding tight to hi  broom tick, trying to  ee through the leave . Below, in a  hadowy clearing,  tood Snape, but he wa n’t alone. Quirrell wa  there, too. Harry couldn’t make out the look on hi  face, but he wa   tuttering wor e than ever. Harry  trained to catch what they were  aying. “…d-don’t know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-place , Severu …” “Oh, I thought we’d keep thi  private,”  aid Snape, hi  voice icy. “Student  aren’t  uppo ed to know about the Sorcerer’  Stone, after all.” Harry leaned forward. Quirrell wa  mumbling  omething. Snape interrupted him. “Have you found out how to get pa t that bea t of Hagrid’  yet?” “B-b-but Severu , I —” “You don’t want me a  your enemy, Quirrell,”  aid Snape, taking a  tep toward him. “I-I don’t know what you—” “You know perfectly well what I mean.” An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He  teadied him elf in time to hear Snape  ay, “— your little bit of hocu -pocu . I’m waiting.” “B-but I d-d-don’t —” “Very well,” Snape cut in. “We’ll have another little chat  oon, when you’ve had time to think thing  over and decided where your loyaltie  lie.” He threw hi  cloak over hi  head and  trode out of the clearing. It wa  almo t dark now, but Harry could  ee Quirrell,  tanding quite  till a  though he wa  petrified. “Harry, where have you been?” Hermione  queaked. “We won! You won! We won!”  houted Ron, thumping Harry on the back. “And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle  ingle-handed! He’   till out cold but Madam Pomfrey  ay  he’ll be all right — talk about  howing Slytherin! I’ve waiting for you in the common room, we’re having a party, Fred and George  tole  ome cake  and  tuff from the kitchen .” “Never mind that now,”  aid Harry breathle ly. “Let’  find an empty room, you wait ’til you hear thi ....” He made  ure Peeve  wa n’t in ide before  hutting the door behind them, then he told them what he’d  een and heard. “So we were right, it i  the Sorcerer’  Stone, and Snape’  trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He a ked if he knew how to get pa t Fluffy — and he  aid  omething about Quirrell’  ‘hocu  pocu ’ — I reckon there are other thing  guarding the  tone apart from Fluffy, load  of enchantment , probably, and Quirrell would have done  ome anti-Dark Art   pell that Snape need  to break through —” “So you mean the Stone’  only  afe a  long a  Quirrell  tand  up to Snape?”  aid Hermione in alarm. “It’ll be gone by next Tue day,”  aid Ron. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER FOURTEEN NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK Q uirrell, however, mu t have been braver than they’d thought. In the week  that followed he did  eem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look a  though he’d cracked yet. Every time they pa ed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would pre  their ear  to the door to check that Fluffy wa   till growling in ide. Snape wa   weeping about in hi  u ual bad temper, which  urely meant that the Stone wa   till  afe. Whenever Harry pa ed Quirrell the e day  he gave him an encouraging  ort of  mile, and Ron had  tarted telling people off for laughing at Quirrell’   tutter. Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer’  Stone. She had  tarted drawing up  tudy  chedule  and color coding all her note . Harry and Ron wouldn’t have minded, but  he kept nagging them to do the  ame. “Hermione, the exam  are age  away.” “Ten week ,” Hermione  napped. “That’  not age , that’  like a  econd to Nicola  Flamel.” “But we’re not  ix hundred year  old,” Ron reminded her. “Anyway, what are you  tudying for, you already know it’  an A.” “What am I  tudying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pa  the e exam  to get into the  econd year? They’re very important, I  hould have  tarted  tudying a month ago, I don’t know what’  gotten into me.…” Unfortunately, the teacher   eemed to be thinking along the  ame line  a  Hermione. They piled  o much homework on them that the Ea ter holiday  weren’t nearly a  much fun a  the Chri tma  one . It wa  hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve u e  of dragon’  blood or practicing wand movement . Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron  pent mo t of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work. “I’ll never remember thi ,” Ron bur t out one afternoon, throwing down hi  quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It wa  the fir t really fine day they’d had in month . The  ky wa  a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there wa  a feeling in the air of  ummer coming. Harry, who wa  looking up “Dittany” in One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi, didn’t look up until he heard Ron  ay, “Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?” Hagrid  huffled into view, hiding  omething behind hi  back. He looked very out of place in hi  mole kin overcoat. “Ju ’ lookin’,” he  aid, in a  hifty voice that got their intere t at once. “An’ what’re you lot up ter?” He looked  uddenly  u piciou . “Yer not  till lookin’ fer Nicola  Flamel, are yeh?” “Oh, we found out who he i  age  ago,”  aid Ron impre ively. “And we know what that dog’  guarding, it’  a Sorcerer’  St—” “Shhhh!” Hagrid looked around quickly to  ee if anyone wa  li tening. “Don’ go  houtin’ about it, what’  the matter with yeh?” “There are a few thing  we wanted to a k you, a  a matter of fact,”  aid Harry, “about what’  guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy —” “SHHHH!”  aid Hagrid again. “Li ten — come an’  ee me later, I’m not promi in’ I’ll tell yeh anythin’, mind, but don’ go rabbitin’ about it in here,  tudent  aren’  ’ppo ed ter know. They’ll think I’ve told yeh —” “See you later, then,”  aid Harry. Hagrid  huffled off. “What wa  he hiding behind hi  back?”  aid Hermione thoughtfully. “Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?” “I’m going to  ee what  ection he wa  in,”  aid Ron, who’d had enough of working. He came back a minute later with a pile of book  in hi  arm  and  lammed them down on the table. “Dragon !” he whi pered. “Hagrid wa  looking up  tuff about dragon ! Look at the e: Dragon Specie  of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper’  Guide.” “Hagrid’  alway  wanted a dragon, he told me  o the fir t time I ever met him, “  aid Harry. “But it’  again t our law ,”  aid Ron. “Dragon breeding wa  outlawed by the Warlock ’ Convention of 1709, everyone know  that. It’  hard to  top Muggle  from noticing u  if we’re keeping dragon  in the back garden — anyway, you can’t tame dragon , it’  dangerou . You  hould  ee the burn  Charlie’  got off wild one  in Romania.” “But there aren’t wild dragon  in Britain?”  aid Harry. “Of cour e there are,”  aid Ron. “Common Wel h Green and Hebridean Black . The Mini try of Magic ha  a job hu hing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting  pell  on Muggle  who’ve  potted them, to make them forget.” “So what on earth’  Hagrid up to?”  aid Hermione. When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’  hut an hour later, they were  urpri ed to  ee that all the curtain  were clo ed. Hagrid called “Who i  it?” before he let them in, and then  hut the door quickly behind them. It wa   tifling hot in ide. Even though it wa   uch a warm day, there wa  a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them  toat  andwiche , which they refu ed. “So — yeh wanted to a k me  omethin’?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. There wa  no point beating around the bu h. “We were wondering if you could tell u  what’  guarding the Sorcerer’  Stone apart from Fluffy.” Hagrid frowned at him. “O’ cour e I can’t,“ he  aid. “Number one, I don’ know me elf. Number two, yeh know too much already,  o I wouldn’ tell yeh if I could. That Stone’  here fer a good rea on. It wa  almo t  tolen outta Gringott  — I  ’ppo e yeh’ve worked that out an’ all? Beat  me how yeh even know abou’ Fluffy.” “Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell u , but you do know, you know everything that goe  on round here,”  aid Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid’  beard twitched and they could tell he wa   miling. “We only wondered who had done the guarding, really.” Hermione went on. “We wondered who Dumbledore had tru ted enough to help him, apart from you.” Hagrid’  che t  welled at the e la t word . Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione. “Well, I don’  ’po e it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’   ee…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then  ome o’ the teacher  did enchantment …Profe or Sprout — Profe or Flitwick — Profe or McGonagall —” he ticked them off on hi  finger , “Profe or Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore him elf did  omethin’, o’ cour e. Hang on, I’ve forgotten  omeone. Oh yeah, Profe or Snape.” “Snape?” “Yeah — yer not  till on abou’ that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he’  not about ter  teal it.” Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the  ame a  he wa . If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it mu t have been ea y to find out how the other teacher  had guarded it. He probably knew everything — except, it  eemed, Quirrell’   pell and how to get pa t Fluffy. “You’re the only one who know  how to get pa t Fluffy. aren’t you, Hagrid?”  aid Harry anxiou ly. “And you wouldn’t tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teacher ?” “Not a  oul know  except me an’ Dumbledore,”  aid Hagrid proudly. “Well, that’   omething,” Harry muttered to the other . “Hagrid, can we have a window open? I’m boiling.” “Can’t, Harry,  orry,”  aid Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too. “Hagrid — what’  that?” But he already knew what it wa . In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, wa  a huge, black egg. “Ah,”  aid Hagrid, fiddling nervou ly with hi  beard, “That’  — er…” “Where did you get it, Hagrid?”  aid Ron, crouching over the fire to get a clo er look at the egg. “It mu t’ve co t you a fortune.” “Won it,”  aid Hagrid. “La ’ night. I wa  down in the village havin’ a few drink  an’ got into a game o’ card  with a  tranger. Think he wa  quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be hone t.” “But what are you going to do with it when it’  hatched?”  aid Hermione. “Well, I’ve bin doin’  ome readin’,”  aid Hagrid, pulling a large book from under hi  pillow. “Got thi  outta the library — Dragon Breeding for Plea ure and Profit — it’  a bit outta date, o’ cour e, but it’  all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, ‘cau e their mother  breathe on I em,  ee, an’ when it hatche , feed it on a bucket o’ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An’  ee here — how ter recognize diff’rent egg  — what I got there’  a Norwegian Ridgeback. They’re rare, them.” He looked very plea ed with him elf, but Hermione didn’t. “Hagrid, you live in a wooden hou e,”  he  aid. But Hagrid wa n’t li tening. He wa  humming merrily a  he  toked the fire. So now they had  omething el e to worry about: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he wa  hiding an illegal dragon in hi  hut. “Wonder what it’  like to have a peaceful life,” Ron  ighed, a  evening after evening they  truggled through all the extra homework they were getting. Hermione had now  tarted making  tudy  chedule  for Harry and Ron, too. It wa  driving them nut . Then, one breakfa t time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid. He had written only two word : It’  hatching. Ron wanted to  kip Herbology and go  traight down to the hut. Hermione wouldn’t hear of it. “Hermione, how many time  in our live  are we going to  ee a dragon hatching?” “We’ve got le on , we’ll get into trouble, and that’  nothing to what Hagrid’  going to be in when  omeone find  out what he’  doing—” “Shut up!” Harry whi pered. Malfoy wa  only a few feet away and he had  topped dead to li ten. How much had he heard? Harry didn’t like the look on Malfoy’  face at all. Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid’  with the other two during morning break. When the bell  ounded from the ca tle at the end of their le on, the three of them dropped their trowel  at once and hurried through the ground  to the edge of the fore t. Hagrid greeted them, looking flu hed and excited. “It’  nearly out.” He u hered them in ide. The egg wa  lying on the table. There were deep crack  in it. Something wa  moving in ide; a funny clicking noi e wa  coming from it. They all drew their chair  up to the table and watched with bated breath. All at once there wa  a  craping noi e and the egg  plit open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wa n’t exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. It   piny wing  were huge compared to it   kinny jet body, it had a long  nout with wide no tril , the  tub  of horn  and bulging, orange eye . It  neezed. A couple of  park  flew out of it   nout. “I n’t he beautiful?” Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to  troke the dragon’  head. It  napped at hi  finger ,  howing pointed fang . “Ble  him, look, he know  hi  mommy!”  aid Hagrid. “Hagrid,”  aid Hermione, “how fa t do Norwegian Ridgeback  grow, exactly?” Hagrid wa  about to an wer when the color  uddenly drained from hi  face — he leapt to hi  feet and ran to the window. “What’  the matter?” “Someone wa  lookin’ through the gap in the curtain  — it’  a kid — he’  runnin’ back up ter the  chool.” Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a di tance there wa  no mi taking him. Malfoy had  een the dragon. Something about the  mile lurking on Malfoy’  face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervou . They  pent mo t of their free time in Hagrid’  darkened hut, trying to rea on with him. “Ju t let him go,” Harry urged. “Set him free.” “I can’t,”  aid Hagrid. “He’  too little. He’d die.” They looked at the dragon. It had grown three time  in length in ju t a week. Smoke kept furling out of it  no tril . Hagrid hadn’t been doing hi  gamekeeping dutie  becau e the dragon wa  keeping him  o bu y. There were empty brandy bottle  and chicken feather  all over the floor. “I’ve decided to call him Norbert,”  aid Hagrid, looking at the dragon with mi ty eye . “He really know  me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where’  Mommy?” “He’  lo t hi  marble ,” Ron muttered in Harry’  ear. “Hagrid,”  aid Harry loudly, “give it two week  and Norbert’  going to be a  long a  your hou e. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.” Hagrid bit hi  lip. “I — I know I can’t keep him forever, but I can’t ju ’ dump him, I can’t.” Harry  uddenly turned to Ron. “Charlie.” he  aid. “You’re lo ing it, too,”  aid Ron. “I’m Ron, remember?” “No — Charlie — your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragon . We could  end Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!” “Brilliant!”  aid Ron. “How about it, Hagrid?” And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could  end an owl to Charlie to a k him. The following week dragged by. Wedne day night found Hermione and Harry  itting alone in the common room, long after everyone el e had gone to bed. The clock on the wall had ju t chimed midnight when the portrait hole bur t open. Ron appeared out of nowhere a  he pulled off Harry’  invi ibility cloak. He had been down at Hagrid’  hut, helping him feed Norbert, who wa  now eating dead rat  by the crate. “It bit me!” he  aid,  howing them hi  hand, which wa  wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. “I’m not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragon’  the mo t horrible animal I’ve ever met, but the way Hagrid goe  on about it, you’d think it wa  a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when I left, he wa   inging it a lullaby.” There wa  a tap on the dark window. “It’  Hedwig!”  aid Harry, hurrying to let her in. “She’ll have Charlie’  an wer!” The three of them put their head  together to read the note. Dear Ron, How are you? Thank  for the letter — I’d be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won’t be ea y getting him here. I think the be t thing will be to  end him over with  ome friend  of mine who are coming to vi it me next week. Trouble i , they mu tn’t be  een carrying an illegal dragon. Could you get the Ridgeback up the talle t tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it’   till dark. Send me an an wer a   oon a  po ible. Love, Charlie They looked at one another. “We’ve got the invi ibility cloak,”  aid Harry. “It  houldn’t be too difficult – I think the cloak  big enough to cover two of u  and Norbert.” It wa  a mark of how bad the la t week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert — and Malfoy. There wa  a hitch. By the next morning, Ron’  bitten hand had  wollen to twice it  u ual  ize. He didn’t know whether it wa   afe to go to Madam Pomfrey — would  he recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had no choice. The cut had turned a na ty  hade of green. It looked a  if Norbert’  fang  were poi onou . Harry and Hermione ru hed up to the ho pital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible  tate in bed. “It’  not ju t my hand,” he whi pered, “although that feel  like it’  about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my book   o he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me — I’ve told her it wa  a dog, but I don’t think  he believe  me — I  houldn’t have hit him at the Quidditch match, that’  why he’  doing thi .” Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down. “It’ll all be over at midnight on Saturday,”  aid Hermione, but thi  didn’t  oothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he  at bolt upright and broke into a  weat. “Midnight on Saturday!” he  aid in a hoar e voice. “Oh no oh no — I’ve ju t remembered — Charlie’  letter wa  in that book Malfoy took, he’  going to know we’re getting rid of Norbert.” Harry and Hermione didn’t get a chance to an wer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave,  aying Ron needed  leep. “It’  too late to change the plan now,” Harry told Hermione. “We haven’t got time to  end Charlie another owl, and thi  could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We’ll have to ri k it. And we have got the invi ibility cloak, Malfoy doe n’t know about that.” They found Fang, the boarhound,  itting out ide with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them. “I won’t let you in,” he puffed. “Norbert’  at a tricky  tage — nothin’ I can’t handle.” When they told him about Charlie’  letter, hi  eye  filled with tear , although that might have been becau e Norbert had ju t bitten him on the leg. “Aargh! It’  all right, he only got my boot — ju ’ playin’ — he’  only a baby, after all.” The baby banged it  tail on the wall, making the window  rattle. Harry and Hermione walked back to the ca tle feeling Saturday couldn’t come quickly enough. They would have felt  orry for Hagrid when the time came for him to  ay good-bye to Norbert if they hadn’t been  o worried about what they had to do. It wa  a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late arriving at Hagrid’  hut becau e they’d had to wait for Peeve  to get out of their way in the entrance hall, where he’d been playing tenni  again t the wall. Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate. “He’  got lot  o’ rat  an’  ome brandy fer the journey,”  aid Hagrid in a muffled voice. “An’ I’ve packed hi  teddy bear in ca e he get  lonely.” From in ide the crate came ripping noi e  that  ounded to Harry a  though the teddy wa  having hi  head torn off. “Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid  obbed, a  Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invi ibility cloak and  tepped underneath it them elve . “Mommy will never forget you!” How they managed to get the crate back up to the ca tle, they never knew. Midnight ticked nearer a  they heaved Norbert up the marble  tairca e in the entrance hall and along the dark corridor . UP another  tairca e, then another – even one of Harry’   hortcut  didn’t make the work much ea ier. “Nearly there!” Harry panted a  they reached the corridor beneath the talle t tower. Then a  udden movement ahead of them made them almo t drop the crate. Forgetting that they were already invi ible, they  hrank into the  hadow ,  taring at the dark outline  of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared. Profe or McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear. “Detention!”  he  houted. “And twenty point  from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how dare you —” “You don’t under tand, Profe or. Harry Potter’  coming — he’  got a dragon!” “What utter rubbi h! How dare you tell  uch lie ! Come on — I  hall  ee Profe or Snape about you, Malfoy!” The  teep  piral  tairca e up to the top of the tower  eemed the ea ie t thing in the world after that. Not until they’d  tepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. Hermione did a  ort of jig. “Malfoy’  got detention! I could  ing!” “Don’t,” Harry advi ed her. Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thra hing about in hi  crate. About ten minute  later, four broom tick  came  wooping down out of the darkne . Charlie’  friend  were a cheery lot. They  howed Harry and Hermione the harne  they’d rigged up,  o they could  u pend Norbert between them. They all helped buckle Norbert  afely into it and then Harry and Hermione  hook hand  with the other  and thanked them very much. At la t, Norbert wa  going…going…gone. They  lipped back down the  piral  tairca e, their heart  a  light a  their hand , now that Norbert wa  off them. No more dragon — Malfoy in detention — what could  poil their happine ? The an wer to that wa  waiting at the foot of the  tair . A  they  tepped into the corridor, Filch’  face loomed  uddenly out of the darkne . “Well, well, well,” he whi pered, “we are in trouble.” They’d left the invi ibility cloak on top of the tower. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER FIFTEEN THE FORBIDDEN FOREST T hing  couldn’t have been wor e. Filch took them down to Profe or McGonagall’   tudy on the fir t floor, where they  at and waited without  aying a word to each other. Hermione wa  trembling. Excu e , alibi , and wild cover- up  torie  cha ed each other around Harry’  brain, each more feeble than the la t. He couldn’t  ee how they were going to get out of trouble thi  time. They were cornered. How could they have been  o  tupid a  to forget the cloak? There wa  no rea on on earth that Profe or McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the  chool in the dead of night, let alone being up the talle t a tronomy tower, which wa  out-of-bound  except for cla e . Add Norbert and the invi ibility cloak, and they might a  well be packing their bag  already. Had Harry thought that thing  couldn’t have been wor e? He wa  wrong. When Profe or McGonagall appeared,  he wa  leading Neville. “Harry!” Neville bur t out, the moment he  aw the other two. “I wa  trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy  aying he wa  going to catch you, he  aid you had a drag—” Harry  hook hi  head violently to  hut Neville up, but Profe or McGonagall had  een. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert a   he towered over the three of them. “I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch  ay  you were up in the a tronomy tower. It’  one o’clock in the morning. Explain your elve .” It wa  the fir t time Hermione had ever failed to an wer a teacher’  que tion. She wa   taring at her  lipper , a   till a  a  tatue. “I think I’ve got a good idea of what’  been going on,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “It doe n’t take a geniu  to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy  ome cock-and-bull  tory about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. I’ve already caught him. I  uppo e you think it’  funny that Longbottom here heard the  tory and believed it, too?” Harry caught Neville’  eye and tried to tell him without word  that thi  wa n’t true, becau e Neville wa  looking  tunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it mu t have co t him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them. “I’m di gu ted,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Four  tudent  out of bed in one night! I’ve never heard of  uch a thing before! You, Mi  Granger, I thought you had more  en e. A  for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than thi . All three of you will receive detention  — ye , you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing give  you the right to walk around  chool at night, e pecially the e day , it’  very dangerou  — and fifty point  will be taken from Gryffindor.” “Fifty?” Harry ga ped — they would lo e the lead, the lead he’d won in the la t Quidditch match. “Fifty point  each,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed no e. “Profe or — plea e —” “You can’t —” “Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all of you. I’ve never been more a hamed of Gryffindor  tudent .” A hundred and fifty point  lo t. That put Gryffindor in la t place. In one night, they’d ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the hou e cup. Harry felt a  though the bottom had dropped out of hi   tomach. How could they ever make up for thi ? Harry didn’t  leep all night. He could hear Neville  obbing into hi  pillow for what  eemed like hour . Harry couldn’t think of anything to  ay to comfort him. He knew Neville, like him elf, wa  dreading the dawn. What would happen when the re t of Gryffindor found out what they’d done? At fir t, Gryffindor  pa ing the giant hourgla e  that recorded the hou e point  the next day thought there’d been a mi take. How could they  uddenly have a hundred and fifty point  fewer than ye terday? And then the  tory  tarted to  pread: Harry Potter, the famou  Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matche , had lo t them all tho e point , him and a couple of other  tupid fir t year . From being one of the mo t popular and admired people at the  chool, Harry wa   uddenly the mo t hated. Even Ravenclaw  and Hufflepuff  turned on him, becau e everyone had been longing to  ee Slytherin lo e the hou e cup. Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn’t trouble to lower their voice  a  they in ulted him. Slytherin , on the other hand, clapped a  he walked pa t them, whi tling and cheering, “Thank  Potter, we owe you one!” Only Ron  tood by him. “They’ll all forget thi  in a few week . Fred and George have lo t load  of point  in all the time they’ve been here, and people  till like them.” “They’ve never lo t a hundred and fifty point  in one go, though, have they?”  aid Harry mi erably. “Well — no,” Ron admitted. It wa  a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry  wore to him elf not to meddle in thing  that weren’t hi  bu ine  from now on. He’d had it with  neaking around and  pying. He felt  o a hamed of him elf that he went to Wood and offered to re ign from the Quidditch team. “Re ign?” Wood thundered. “What good’ll that do? How are we going to get any point  back if we can’t win at Quidditch?” But even Quidditch had lo t it  fun. The re t of the team wouldn’t  peak to Harry during practice, and if they had to  peak about him, they called him “the Seeker.” Hermione and Neville were  uffering, too. They didn’t have a  bad a time a  Harry, becau e they weren’t a  well-known, but nobody would  peak to them, either. Hermione had  topped drawing attention to her elf in cla , keeping her head down and working in  ilence. Harry wa  almo t glad that the exam  weren’t far away. All the  tudying he had to do kept hi  mind off hi  mi ery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to them elve , working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredient  in complicated potion , learn charm  and  pell  by heart, memorize the date  of magical di coverie  and goblin rebellion .... Then, about a week before the exam  were due to  tart, Harry’  new re olution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him wa  put to an unexpected te t. Walking back from the library on hi  own one afternoon, he heard  omebody whimpering from a cla room up ahead. A  he drew clo er, he heard Quirrell’  voice. “No — no — not again, plea e —” It  ounded a  though  omeone wa  threatening him. Harry moved clo er. “All right — all right —” he heard Quirrell  ob. Next  econd, Quirrell came hurrying out of the cla room  traightening hi  turban. He wa  pale and looked a  though he wa  about to cry. He  trode out of  ight; Harry didn’t think Quirrell had even noticed him. He waited until Quirrell’  foot tep  had di appeared, then peered into the cla room. It wa  empty, but a door  tood ajar at the other end. Harry wa  halfway toward it before he remembered what he’d promi ed him elf about not meddling. All the  ame, he’d have gambled twelve Sorcerer’  Stone  that Snape had ju t left the room, and from what Harry had ju t heard, Snape would be walking with a new  pring in hi   tep — Quirrell  eemed to have given in at la t. Harry went back to the library, where Hermione wa  te ting Ron on A tronomy. Harry told them what he’d heard. “Snape’  done it, then!”  aid Ron. “If Quirrell’  told him how to break hi  Anti-Dark Force  pell —” “There’   till Fluffy, though,”  aid Hermione. “Maybe Snape’  found out how to get pa t him without a king Hagrid,”  aid Ron, looking up at the thou and  of book   urrounding them. “I bet there’  a book  omewhere in here telling you how to get pa t a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?” The light of adventure wa  kindling again in Ron’  eye , but Hermione an wered before Harry could. “Go to Dumbledore. That’  what we  hould have done age  ago. If we try anything our elve  we’ll be thrown out for  ure.” “But we’ve got no proof!”  aid Harry. “Quirrell’  too  cared to back u  up. Snape’  only got to  ay he doe n’t know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he wa  nowhere near the third floor — who do you think they’ll believe, him or u ? It’  not exactly a  ecret we hate him, Dumbledore’ll think we made it up to get him  acked. Filch wouldn’t help u  if hi  life depended on it, he’  too friendly with Snape, and the more  tudent  get thrown out, the better, he’ll think. And don’t forget, we’re not  uppo ed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That’ll take a lot of explaining.” Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t. “If we ju t do a bit of poking around —” “No,”  aid Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.” He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and  tarted to learn the name  of it  moon . The following morning, note  were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfa t table. They were all the  ame: Your detention will take place at eleven o’clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall. Profe or McGonagall Harry had forgotten they  till had detention  to do in the furor over the point  they’d lo t. He half expected Hermione to complain that thi  wa  a whole night of  tudying lo t, but  he didn’t  ay a word. Like Harry,  he felt they de erved what they’d got. At eleven o’clock that night, they  aid good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch wa  already there — and  o wa  Malfoy. Harry had al o forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too. “Follow me,”  aid Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them out ide. “I bet you’ll think twice about breaking a  chool rule again, won’t you, eh?” he  aid, leering at them. “Oh ye …hard work and pain are the be t teacher  if you a k me….It’  ju t a pity they let the old puni hment  die out…hang you by your wri t  from the ceiling for a few day , I’ve got the chain   till in my office, keep ‘em well oiled in ca e they’re ever needed…Right, off we go, and don’t think of running off, now, it’ll be wor e for you if you do.” They marched off acro  the dark ground . Neville kept  niffing. Harry wondered what their puni hment wa  going to be. It mu t be  omething really horrible, or Filch wouldn’t be  ounding  o delighted. The moon wa  bright, but cloud   cudding acro  it kept throwing them into darkne . Ahead, Harry could  ee the lighted window  of Hagrid’  hut. Then they heard a di tant  hout. “I  that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get  tarted.” Harry’  heart ro e; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldn’t be  o bad. Hi  relief mu t have  howed in hi  face, becau e Filch  aid, “I  uppo e you think you’ll be enjoying your elf with that oaf? Well, think again, boy — it’  into the fore t you’re going and I’m much mi taken if you’ll all come out in one piece.” At thi , Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy  topped dead in hi  track . “The fore t?” he repeated, and he didn’t  ound quite a  cool a  u ual. “We can’t go in there at night — there’  all  ort  of thing  in there — werewolve , I heard.” Neville clutched the  leeve of Harry’  robe and made a choking noi e. “That’  your problem, i n’t it?”  aid Filch, hi  voice cracking with glee. “Should’ve thought of them werewolve  before you got in trouble,  houldn’t you?” Hagrid came  triding toward them out of the dark, Fang at hi  heel. He wa  carrying hi  large cro bow, and a quiver of arrow  hung over hi   houlder. “Abou’ time,” he  aid. “I bin waitin’ fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione?” “I  houldn’t be too friendly to them, Hagrid,”  aid Filch coldly, they’re here to be puni hed, after all.” “That’  why yer late, i  it?”  aid Hagrid, frowning at Filch. “Bin lecturin’ them, eh? ‘Snot your place ter do that. Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.” “I’ll be back at dawn,”  aid Filch, “for what’  left of them,” he added na tily, and he turned and  tarted back toward the ca tle, hi  lamp bobbing away in the darkne . Malfoy now turned to Hagrid. “I’m not going in that fore t,” he  aid, and Harry wa  plea ed to hear the note of panic in hi  voice. “Yeh are if yeh want ter  tay at Hogwart ,”  aid Hagrid fiercely. “Yeh’ve done wrong an’ now yeh’ve got ter pay fer it.” “But thi  i   ervant  tuff, it’  not for  tudent  to do. I thought we’d be copying line  or  omething, if my father knew I wa  doing thi , he’d—” “—tell yer that’  how it i  at Hogwart ,” Hagrid growled. “Copyin’ line ! What good’  that ter anyone? Yeh’ll do  ummat u eful or yeh’ll get out. If yeh think yer father’d rather you were expelled, then get back off ter the ca tle an’ pack. Go on.” Malfoy didn’t move. He looked at Hagrid furiou ly, but then dropped hi  gaze. “Right then,”  aid Hagrid, “now, li ten carefully, ‘cau e it’  dangerou  what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ I don’ want no one takin’ ri k . Follow me over here a moment.” He led them to the very edge of the fore t. Holding hi  lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that di appeared into the thick black tree . A light breeze lifted their hair a  they looked into the fore t. “Look there,”  aid Hagrid, “ ee that  tuff  hinin’ on the ground? Silvery  tuff? That’  unicorn blood. There’  a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by  ummat. Thi  i  the  econd time in a week. I found one dead la t Wedne day. We’re gonna try an’ find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of it  mi ery.” “And what if whatever hurt the unicorn find  u  fir t?”  aid Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of hi  voice. “There’  nothin’ that live  in the fore t that’ll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,”  aid Hagrid. “An’ keep ter the path. Right, now, we’re gonna  plit inter two partie  an’ follow the trail in diff’rent direction . There’  blood all over the place, it mu t’ve bin  taggerin’ around  ince la t night at lea t.” “I want Fang,”  aid Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang’  long teeth. “All right, but I warn yeh, he’  a coward,”  aid Hagrid. “So me, Harry, an’ Hermione’ll go one way an’ Draco, Neville, an’ Fang’ll go the other. Now, if any of u  find  the unicorn, we’ll  end up green  park , right? Get yer wand  out an’ practice now — that’  it — an’ if anyone get  in trouble,  end up red  park , an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh —  o, be careful — let’  go.” The fore t wa  black and  ilent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right. They walked in  ilence, their eye  on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branche  above lit a  pot of  ilver-blue blood on the fallen leave . Harry  aw that Hagrid looked very worried. “Could a werewolf be killing the unicorn ?” Harry a ked. “Not fa t enough,”  aid Hagrid. “It’  not ea y ter catch a unicorn, they’re powerful magic creature . I never knew one ter be hurt before.” They walked pa t a mo y tree  tump. Harry could hear running water; there mu t be a  tream  omewhere clo e by. There were  till  pot  of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path. “You all right, Hermione?” Hagrid whi pered. “Don’ worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’  thi  badly hurt, an’ then we’ll be able ter — GET BEHIND THAT TREE!” Hagrid  eized Harry and Hermione and hoi ted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into hi  cro bow, rai ing it, ready to fire. The three of them li tened. Something wa   lithering over dead leave  nearby: it  ounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid wa   quinting up the dark path, but after a few  econd , the  ound faded away. “I knew it,” he murmured. “There’   ummat in here that  houldn’ be.” “A werewolf?” Harry  ugge ted. “That wa n’ no werewolf an’ it wa n’ no unicorn, neither,”  aid Hagrid grimly. “Right, follow me, but careful, now.” They walked more  lowly, ear   training for the fainte t  ound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead,  omething definitely moved. “Who’  there?” Hagrid called. “Show yer elf — I’m armed!” And into the clearing came — wa  it a man, or a hor e? To the wai t, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that wa  a hor e’  gleaming che tnut body with a long, reddi h tail. Harry and Hermione’  jaw  dropped. “Oh, it’  you, Ronan,”  aid Hagrid in relief. “How are yeh?” He walked forward and  hook the centaur’  hand. “Good evening to you, Hagrid,”  aid Ronan. He had a deep,  orrowful voice. “Were you going to  hoot me?” “Can’t be too careful, Ronan,”  aid Hagrid, patting hi  cro bow. “There’   ummat bad loo e in thi  fore t. Thi  i  Harry Potter an’ Hermione Granger, by the way. Student  up at the  chool. An’ thi  i  Ronan, you two. He’  a centaur. “We’d noticed,”  aid Hermione faintly. “Good evening,”  aid Ronan. “Student , are you? And do you learn much, up at the  chool?” “Erm —” “A bit,”  aid Hermione timidly. “A bit. Well, that’   omething.” Ronan  ighed. He flung back hi  head and  tared at the  ky. “Mar  i  bright tonight.” “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid, glancing up, too. “Li ten, I’m glad we’ve run inter yeh, Ronan, ‘cau e there’  a unicorn bin hurt — you  een anythin’?” Ronan didn’t an wer immediately. He  tared unblinkingly upward, then  ighed again. “Alway  the innocent are the fir t victim ,” he  aid. “So it ha  been for age  pa t,  o it i  now.” “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid, “but have yeh  een anythin’ Ronan? Anythin’ unu ual?” “Mar  i  bright tonight,” Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently. “Unu ually bright.” “Yeah, but I wa  meanin’ anythin’ unu ual a bit nearer home,  aid Hagrid. “So yeh haven’t noticed anythin’  trange?” Yet again, Ronan took a while to an wer. At la t, he  aid, “The fore t hide  many  ecret .” A movement in the tree  behind Ronan made Hagrid rai e hi  bow again, but it wa  only a  econd centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan. “Hullo, Bane,”  aid Hagrid. “All right?” “Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?” “Well enough. Look, I’ve ju ’ bin a kin’ Ronan, you  een anythin’ odd in here lately? There’  a unicorn bin injured — would yeh know anythin’ about it?” Bane walked over to  tand next to Ronan. He looked  kyward. “Mar  i  bright tonight,” he  aid  imply. “We’ve heard,”  aid Hagrid grumpily. “Well, if either of you do  ee anythin’, let me know, won’t yeh? We’ll be off, then.” Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing,  taring over their  houlder  at Ronan and Bane until the tree  blocked their view. “Never,”  aid Hagrid irritably, “try an’ get a  traight an wer out of a centaur. Ruddy  targazer . Not intere ted in anythin’ clo er’n the moon.” “Are there many of them in here?” a ked Hermione. “Oh, a fair few….Keep them elve  to them elve  mo tly, but they’re good enough about turnin’ up if ever I want a word. They’re deep, mind, centaur …they know thing …ju ’ don’ let on much.” “D’you think that wa  a centaur we heard earlier?”  aid Harry. “Did that  ound like hoove  to you? Nah, if yeh a k me, that wa  what’  bin killin’ the unicorn  – never heard anythin’ like it before.” They walked on through the den e, dark tree . Harry kept looking nervou ly over hi   houlder. He had the na ty feeling they were being watched. He wa  very glad they had Hagrid and hi  cro bow with them. They had ju t pa ed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrid’  arm. “Hagrid! Look! Red  park , the other  are in trouble!” “You two wait here!” Hagrid  houted. “Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!” They heard him cra hing away through the undergrowth and  tood looking at each other, very  cared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the ru tling of leave  around them. “You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whi pered Hermione. “I don’t care if Malfoy ha , but if  omething’  got Neville…it’  our fault he’  here in the fir t place.” The minute  dragged by. Their ear   eemed  harper than u ual. Harry’   eemed to be picking up every  igh of the wind, every cracking twig. What wa  going on? Where were the other ? At la t, a great crunching noi e announced Hagrid’  return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid wa  fuming. Malfoy, it  eemed, had  neaked up behind Neville and grabbed him a  a joke. Neville had panicked and  ent up the  park . “We’ll be lucky ter catch anythin’ now, with the racket you two were makin’. Right, we’re changin’ group  — Neville, you  tay with me an’ Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an’ thi  idiot. I’m  orry,” Hagrid added in a whi per to Harry, “but he’ll have a harder time frightenin’ you, an’ we’ve gotta get thi  done.” So Harry  et off into the heart of the fore t with Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the fore t, until the path became almo t impo ible to follow becau e the tree  were  o thick. Harry thought the blood  eemed to be getting thicker. There were  pla he  on the root  of a tree, a  though the poor creature had been thra hing around in pain clo e by. Harry could  ee a clearing ahead, through the tangled branche  of an ancient oak. “Look —” he murmured, holding out hi  arm to  top Malfoy. Something bright white wa  gleaming on the ground. They inched clo er. It wa  the unicorn all right, and it wa  dead. Harry had never  een anything  o beautiful and  ad. It  long,  lender leg  were  tuck out at odd angle  where it had fallen and it  mane wa   pread pearly-white on the dark leave . Harry had taken one  tep toward it when a  lithering  ound made him freeze where he  tood. A bu h on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the  hadow , a hooded figure came crawling acro  the ground like  ome  talking bea t. Harry, Malfoy, and Fang  tood tran fixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered it  head over the wound in the animal’   ide, and began to drink it  blood. “AAAAAAAAAARGH!” Malfoy let out a terrible  cream and bolted —  o did Fang. The hooded figure rai ed it  head and looked right at Harry — unicorn blood wa  dribbling down it  front. It got to it  feet and came  wiftly toward Harry — he couldn’t move for fear. Then a pain like he’d never felt before pierced hi  head; it wa  a  though hi   car were on fire. Half blinded, he  taggered backward. He heard hoove  behind him, galloping, and  omething jumped clean over Harry, charging at the figure. The pain in Harry’  head wa   o bad he fell to hi  knee . It took a minute or two to pa . When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur wa   tanding over him, not Ronan or Bane; thi  one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body. “Are you all right?”  aid the centaur, pulling Harry to hi  feet. “Ye  — thank you — what wa  that?” The centaur didn’t an wer. He had a toni hingly blue eye , like pale  apphire . He looked carefully at Harry, hi  eye  lingering on the  car that  tood out, livid, on Harry’  forehead. “You are the Potter boy,” he  aid. “You had better get back to Hagrid. The fore t i  not  afe at thi  time — e pecially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker thi  way. “My name i  Firenze,” he added, a  he lowered him elf on to hi  front leg   o that Harry could clamber onto hi  back. There wa   uddenly a  ound of more galloping from the other  ide of the clearing. Ronan and Bane came bur ting through the tree , their flank  heaving and  weaty. “Firenze!” Bane thundered. “What are you doing? You have a human on your back! Have you no  hame? Are you a common mule?” “Do you realize who thi  i ?”  aid Firenze. “Thi  i  the Potter boy. The quicker he leave  thi  fore t, the better.” “What have you been telling him?” growled Bane. “Remember, Firenze, we are  worn not to  et our elve  again t the heaven . Have we not read what i  to come in the movement  of the planet ?” Ronan pawed the ground nervou ly. “I’m  ure Firenze thought he wa  acting for the be t, “ he  aid in hi  gloomy voice. Bane kicked hi  back leg  in anger. “For the be t! What i  that to do with u ? Centaur  are concerned with what ha  been foretold! It i  not our bu ine  to run around like donkey  after  tray human  in our fore t!” Firenze  uddenly reared on to hi  hind leg  in anger,  o that Harry had to grab hi   houlder  to  tay on. “Do you not  ee that unicorn?” Firenze bellowed at Bane. “Do you not under tand why it wa  killed? Or have the planet  not let you in on that  ecret? I  et my elf again t what i  lurking in thi  fore t, Bane, ye , with human  along ide me if I mu t.” And Firenze whi ked around; with Harry clutching on a  be t he could, they plunged off into the tree , leaving Ronan and Bane behind them. Harry didn’t have a clue what wa  going on. “Why’  Bane  o angry?” he a ked. “What wa  that thing you  aved me from, anyway?” Firenze  lowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep hi  head bowed in ca e of low-hanging branche , but did not an wer Harry’  que tion. They made their way through the tree  in  ilence for  o long that Harry thought Firenze didn’t want to talk to him anymore. They were pa ing through a particularly den e patch of tree , however, when Firenze  uddenly  topped. “Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood i  u ed for?” “No,”  aid Harry,  tartled by the odd que tion. “We’ve only u ed the horn and tail hair in Potion .” “That i  becau e it i  a mon trou  thing, to  lay a unicorn,”  aid Firenze. “Only one who ha  nothing to lo e, and everything to gain, would commit  uch a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have  lain  omething pure and defen ele  to  ave your elf, and you will have but a half-life, a cur ed life, from the moment the blood touche  your lip .” Harry  tared at the back of Firenze’  head, which wa  dappled  ilver in the moonlight. “But who’d be that de perate?” he wondered aloud. “If you’re going to be cur ed forever, death’  better, i n’t it?” “It i ,” Firenze agreed, “unle  all you need i  to  tay alive long enough to drink  omething el e —  omething that will bring you back to full  trength and power —  omething that will mean you can never die. Mr. Potter, do you know what i  hidden in the  chool at thi  very moment?” “The Sorcerer’  Stone! Of cour e — the Elixir of Life! But I don’t under tand who —” “Can you think of nobody who ha  waited many year  to return to power, who ha  clung to life, awaiting their chance?” It wa  a  though an iron fi t had clenched  uddenly around Harry’  heart. Over the ru tling of the tree , he  eemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: “Some  ay he died. Cod wallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die.” “Do you mean,” Harry croaked, “that wa  Vol-” “Harry! Harry, are you all right?” Hermione wa  running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her. “I’m fine,”  aid Harry, hardly knowing what he wa   aying. “The unicorn’  dead, Hagrid, it’  in that clearing back there.” “Thi  i  where I leave you,” Firenze murmured a  Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. “You are  afe now.” Harry  lid off hi  back. “Good luck, Harry Potter,”  aid Firenze. “The planet  have been read wrongly before now, even by centaur . I hope thi  i  one of tho e time .” He turned and cantered back into the depth  of the fore t, leaving Harry  hivering behind him. Ron had fallen a leep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return. He  houted  omething about Quidditch foul  when Harry roughly  hook him awake. In a matter of  econd , though, he wa  wide-eyed a  Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the fore t. Harry couldn’t  it down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He wa   till  haking. “Snape want  the  tone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’  waiting in the fore t…and all thi  time we thought Snape ju t wanted to get rich….” “Stop  aying the name!”  aid Ron in a terrified whi per, a  if he thought Voldemort could hear them. Harry wa n’t li tening. “Firenze  aved me, but he  houldn’t have done  o.…Bane wa  furiou …he wa  talking about interfering with what the planet   ay i  going to happen….They mu t  how that Voldemort’  coming back.…Bane think  Firenze  hould have let Voldemort kill me.…I  uppo e that’  written in the  tar  a  well.” “Will you  top  aying the name!” Ron hi ed. “So all I’ve got to wait for now i  Snape to  teal the Stone,” Harry went on feveri hly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and fini h me off ... Well, I  uppo e Bane’ll be happy.” Hermione looked very frightened, but  he had a word of comfort. “Harry, everyone  ay  Dumbledore’  the only one You-Know-Who wa  ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you. Anyway, who  ay  the centaur  are right? It  ound  like fortune-telling to me, and Profe or McGonagall  ay  that’  a very impreci e branch of magic.” The  ky had turned light before they  topped talking. They went to bed exhau ted, their throat   ore. But the night’   urpri e  weren’t over. When Harry pulled back hi   heet , he found hi  invi ibility cloak folded neatly underneath them. There wa  a note pinned to it: Ju t in ca e. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER SIXTEEN THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR I n year  to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through hi  exam  when he half expected Voldemort to come bur ting through the door at any moment. Yet the day  crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy wa   till alive and well behind the locked door. It wa   weltering hot, e pecially in the large cla room where they did their written paper . They had been given  pecial, new quill  for the exam , which had been bewitched with an Anticheating  pell. They had practical exam  a  well. Profe or Flitwick called them one by one into hi  cla  to  ee if they could make a pineapple tapdance acro  a de k. Profe or McGonagall watched them turn a mou e into a  nuffbox — point  were given for how pretty the  nuffbox wa , but taken away if it had whi ker . Snape made them all nervou , breathing down their neck  while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulne  potion. Harry did the be t he could, trying to ignore the  tabbing pain  in hi  forehead, which had been bothering him ever  ince hi  trip into the fore t. Neville thought Harry had a bad ca e of exam nerve  becau e Harry couldn’t  leep, but the truth wa  that Harry kept being woken by hi  old nightmare, except that it wa  now wor e than ever becau e there wa  a hooded figure dripping blood in it. Maybe it wa  becau e they hadn’t  een what Harry had  een in the fore t, or becau e they didn’t have  car  burning on their forehead , but Ron and Hermione didn’t  eem a  worried about the Stone a  Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly  cared them, but he didn’t keep vi iting them in dream , and they were  o bu y with their  tudying they didn’t have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone el e might be up to. Their very la t exam wa  Hi tory of Magic. One hour of an wering que tion  about batty old wizard  who’d invented  elf tirring cauldron  and they’d be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam re ult  came out. When the gho t of Profe or Binn  told them to put down their quill  and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the re t. “That wa  far ea ier than I thought it would be,”  aid Hermione a  they joined the crowd  flocking out onto the  unny ground . “I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the upri ing of Elfric the Eager.” Hermione alway  liked to go through their exam paper  afterward, but Ron  aid thi  made him feel ill,  o they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Wea ley twin  and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacle  of a giant  quid, which wa  ba king in the warm  hallow . “No more  tudying,” Ron  ighed happily,  tretching out on the gra . “You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’  no need to worry yet.” Harry wa  rubbing hi  forehead. “I wi h I knew what thi  mean !” he bur t out angrily. “My  car keep  hurting — it’  happened before, but never a  often a  thi .” “Go to Madam Pomfrey,” Hermione  ugge ted. “I’m not ill,”  aid Harry. “I think it’  a warning…it mean  danger’  coming….” Ron couldn’t get worked up, it wa  too hot. “Harry, relax, Hermione’  right, the Stone’   afe a  long a  Dumbledore’  around. Anyway, we’ve never had any proof Snape found out how to get pa t Fluffy. He nearly had hi  leg ripped off once, he’  not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid let  Dumbledore down.” Harry nodded, but he couldn’t  hake off a lurking feeling that there wa   omething he’d forgotten to do,  omething important. When he tried to explain thi , Hermione  aid, “That’  ju t the exam . I woke up la t night and wa  halfway through my Tran figuration note  before I remembered we’d done that one.” Harry wa  quite  ure the un ettled feeling didn’t have anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the  chool acro  the bright blue  ky, a note clamped in it  mouth. Hagrid wa  the only one who ever  ent him letter . Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get pa t Fluffy…never…but…. Harry  uddenly jumped to hi  feet. “Where’re you going?”  aid Ron  leepily. “I’ve ju t thought of  omething,”  aid Harry. He had turned white. “We’ve got to go and  ee Hagrid, now.” “Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up. “Don’t you think it’  a bit odd,”  aid Harry,  crambling up the gra y  lope, “that what Hagrid want  more than anything el e i  a dragon, and a  tranger turn  up who ju t happen  to have an egg in hi  pocket? How many people wander around with dragon egg  if it’  again t wizard law? Lucky they found Hagrid, don’t you think? Why didn’t I  ee it before?” “What are you talking about?”  aid Ron, but Harry,  printing acro  the ground  toward the fore t, didn’t an wer. Hagrid wa   itting in an armchair out ide hi  hou e; hi  trou er  and  leeve  were rolled up, and he wa   helling pea  into a large bowl. “Hullo,” he  aid,  miling. “Fini hed yer exam ? Got time fer a drink?” “Ye , plea e,”  aid Ron, but Harry cut him off. “No, we’re in a hurry. Hagrid, I’ve got to a k you  omething. You know that night you won Norbert? What did the  tranger you were playing card  with look like?” “Dunno,”  aid Hagrid ca ually, “he wouldn’ take hi  cloak off.” He  aw the three of them look  tunned and rai ed hi  eyebrow . “It’  not that unu ual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the Hog’  Head — that’  the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn’ he? I never  aw hi  face, he kept hi  hood up.” Harry  ank down next to the bowl of pea . “What did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwart  at all?” “Mighta come up,”  aid Hagrid, frowning a  he tried to remember. “Yeah…he a ked what I did, an’ I told him I wa  gamekeeper here…He a ked a bit about the  orta creature  I took after… o I told him…an’ I  aid what I’d alway  really wanted wa  a dragon…an’ then…I can’ remember too well, ‘cau e he kept buyin’ me drink …Let’   ee…yeah, then he  aid he had the dragon egg an’ we could play card  fer it if I wanted…but he had ter be  ure I could handle it, he didn’ want it ter go ter any old home….So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be ea y.…” “And did he — did he  eem intere ted in Fluffy?” Harry a ked, trying to keep hi  voice calm. “Well — yeah — how many three-headed dog  d’yeh meet, even around Hogwart ? So I told him, Fluffy’  a piece o’ cake if yeh know how to calm him down, ju ’ play him a bit o’ mu ic an’ he’ll go  traight off ter  leep —” Hagrid  uddenly looked horrified. “I  houldn’ta told yeh that!” he blurted out. “Forget I  aid it! Hey — where’re yeh goin’?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn’t  peak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which  eemed very cold and gloomy after the ground . “We’ve got to go to Dumbledore,”  aid Harry. “Hagrid told that  tranger how to get pa t Fluffy, and it wa  either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak — it mu t’ve been ea y, once he’d got Hagrid drunk. I ju t hope Dumbledore believe  u . Firenze might back u  up if Bane doe n’t  top him. Where’  Dumbledore’  office?” They looked around, a  if hoping to  ee a  ign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been  ent to  ee him. “We’ll ju t have to —” Harry began, but a voice  uddenly rang acro  the hall. “What are you three doing in ide?” It wa  Profe or McGonagall, carrying a large pile of book . “We want to  ee Profe or Dumbledore,”  aid Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought. “See Profe or Dumbledore?” Profe or McGonagall repeated, a  though thi  wa  a very fi hy thing to want to do. “Why?” Harry  wallowed — now what? “It’   ort of  ecret,” he  aid, but he wi hed at once he hadn’t, becau e Profe or McGonagall’  no tril  flared. “Profe or Dumbledore left ten minute  ago,”  he  aid coldly. “He received an urgent owl from the Mini try of Magic and flew off for London at once.” “He’  gone?”  aid Harry frantically. “Now?” “Profe or Dumbledore i  a very great wizard, Potter, he ha  many demand  on hi  time – ” “But thi  i  important.” “Something you have to  ay i  more important than the Mini try of Magic, Potter?” “Look,”  aid Harry, throwing caution to the wind , “Profe or — it’  about the Sorcerer’  Stone —” Whatever Profe or McGonagall had expected, it wa n’t that. The book   he wa  carrying tumbled out of her arm , but  he didn’t pick them up. “How do you know —?”  he  pluttered. “Profe or, I think — I know — that Sn— that  omeone’  going to try and  teal the Stone. I’ve got to talk to Profe or Dumbledore.” She eyed him with a mixture of  hock and  u picion. “Profe or Dumbledore will be back tomorrow,”  he  aid finally. I don’t know how you found out about the Stone, but re t a ured, no one can po ibly  teal it, it’  too well protected.” “But Profe or —” “Potter, I know what I’m talking about,”  he  aid  hortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen book . I  ugge t you all go back out ide and enjoy the  un hine.” But they didn’t. “It’  tonight,”  aid Harry, once he wa   ure Profe or McGonagall wa  out of ear hot. “Snape’  going through the trapdoor tonight. He’  found out everything he need , and now he’  got Dumbledore out of the way. He  ent that note, I bet the Mini try of Magic will get a real  hock when Dumbledore turn  up.” “But what can we —” Hermione ga ped. Harry and Ron wheeled round. Snape wa   tanding there. “Good afternoon,” he  aid  moothly. They  tared at him. “You  houldn’t be in ide on a day like thi ,” he  aid, with an odd, twi ted  mile. “We were —” Harry began, without any idea what he wa  going to  ay. “You want to be more careful,”  aid Snape. “Hanging around like thi , people will think you’re up to  omething. And Gryffindor really can’t afford to lo e any more point , can it?” Harry flu hed. They turned to go out ide, but Snape called them back. “Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wandering  and I will per onally make  ure you are expelled. Good day to you.” He  trode off in the direction of the  taffroom. Out on the  tone  tep , Harry turned to the other . “Right, here’  what we’ve got to do,” he whi pered urgently. “One of u  ha  got to keep an eye on Snape — wait out ide the  taff room and follow him if he leave  it. Hermione, you’d better do that.” “Why me?” “It’  obviou ,”  aid Ron. “You can pretend to be waiting for Profe or Flitwick, you know.” He put on a high voice, “‘Oh Profe or Flitwick, I’m  o worried, I think I got que tion fourteen b wrong….’” “Oh,  hut up,”  aid Hermione, but  he agreed to go and watch out for Snape. “And we’d better  tay out ide the third-floor corridor,” Harry told Ron. “Come on.” But that part of the plan didn’t work. No  ooner had they reached the door  eparating Fluffy from the re t of the  chool than Profe or McGonagall turned up again and thi  time,  he lo t her temper. “I  uppo e you think you’re harder to get pa t than a pack of enchantment !”  he  tormed. “Enough of thi  non en e! If I hear you’ve come anywhere near here again, I’ll take another fifty point  from Gryffindor! Ye , Wea ley, from my own hou e!” Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had ju t  aid, “At lea t Hermione’  on Snape’  tail,” when the portrait of the Fat Lady  wung open and Hermione came in. “I’m  orry, Harry!”  he wailed. “Snape came out and a ked me what I wa  doing,  o I  aid I wa  waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and I’ve only ju t got away, I don’t know where Snape went.” “Well, that’  it then, i n’t it?” Harry  aid. The other two  tared at him. He wa  pale and hi  eye  were glittering. “I’m going out of here tonight and I’m going to try and get to the Stone fir t.” “You’re mad!”  aid Ron. “You can’t!”  aid Hermione. “After what McGonagall and Snape have  aid? You’ll be expelled!” “SO WHAT” Harry  houted. “Don’t you under tand? If Snape get  hold of the Stone, Voldemort’  coming back! Haven’t you heard what it wa  like when he wa  trying to take over? There won’t be any Hogwart  to get expelled from! He’ll flatten it, or turn it into a  chool for the Dark Art ! Lo ing point  doe n’t matter anymore, can’t you  ee? D’you think he’ll leave you and your familie  alone if Gryffindor win  the hou e cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I’ll have to go back to the Dur ley  and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it’  only dying a bit later than I would have, becau e I’m never going over to the Dark Side! I’m going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two  ay i  going to  top me! Voldemort killed my parent , remember?” He glared at them. “You’re right Harry,”  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. “I’ll u e the invi ibility cloak,”  aid Harry. “It’  ju t lucky I got it back.” “But will it cover all three of u ?”  aid Ron. “All — all three of u ?” “Oh, come off it, you don’t think we’d let you go alone?” “Of cour e not,”  aid Hermione bri kly. “How do you think you’d get to the Stone without u ? I’d better go and took through my book , there might be  omething u eful….” “But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.” “Not if I can help it,”  aid Hermione grimly. “Flitwick told me in  ecret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on hi  exam. They’re not throwing me out after that.” After dinner the three of them  at nervou ly apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindor  had anything to  ay to Harry any more, after all. Thi  wa  the fir t night he hadn’t been up et by it. Hermione wa   kimming through all her note , hoping to come acro  one of the enchantment  they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didn’t talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do. Slowly, the room emptied a  people drifted off to bed. “Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, a  Lee Jordan finally left,  tretching and yawning. Harry ran up tair  to their dark dormitory. He pulled out the cloak and then hi  eye  fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Chri tma . He pocketed it to u e on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like  inging. He ran back down to the common room. “We’d better put the cloak on here, and make  ure it cover  all three of u  – if Filch  pot  one of our feet wandering along on it  own —” “What are you doing?”  aid a voice from the corner of the room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked a  though he’d been making another bid for freedom. “Nothing, Neville, nothing,”  aid Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind hi  back. Neville  tared at their guilty face . “You’re going out again,” he  aid. “No, no, no,”  aid Hermione. “No, we’re not. Why don’t you go to bed, Neville?” Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn’t afford to wa te any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to  leep. “You can’t go out,”  aid Neville, “you’ll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.” “You don’t under tand,”  aid Harry, “thi  i  important.” But Neville wa  clearly  teeling him elf to do  omething de perate. I won’t let you do it,” he  aid, hurrying to  tand in front of the portrait hole. “I’ll — I’ll fight you!” “Neville, “Ron exploded, “get away from that hole and don’t be an idiot —” “Don’t you call me an idiot!”  aid Neville. I don’t think you  hould be breaking any more rule ! And you were the one who told me to  tand up to people!” “Ye , but not to u ,”  aid Ron in exa peration. “Neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.” He took a  tep forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of  ight. “Go on then, try and hit me!”  aid Neville, rai ing hi  fi t . “I’m ready!” Harry turned to Hermione. “Do  omething,” he  aid de perately. Hermione  tepped forward. “Neville,”  he  aid, “I’m really, really  orry about thi .” She rai ed her wand. “Petrificu  Totalu !”  he cried, pointing it at Neville. Neville’  arm   napped to hi   ide . Hi  leg   prang together. Hi  whole body rigid, he  wayed where he  tood and then fell flat on hi  face,  tiff a  a board. Hermione ran to turn him over. Neville’  jaw  were jammed together  o he couldn’t  peak. Only hi  eye  were moving, looking at them in horror. “What’ve you done to him?” Harry whi pered. “It’  the full Body-Bind,”  aid Hermione mi erably. “Oh, Neville, I’m  o  orry.” “We had to, Neville, no time to explain,”  aid Harry. “You’ll under tand later, Neville,”  aid Ron a  they  tepped over him and pulled on the invi ibility cloak. But leaving Neville lying motionle  on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen. In their nervou   tate, every  tatue’   hadow looked like Filch, every di tant breath of wind  ounded like Peeve   wooping down on them. At the foot of the fir t  et of  tair , they  potted Mr . Norri   kulking near the top. “Oh, let’  kick her, ju t thi  once,” Ron whi pered in Harry’  ear, but Harry  hook hi  head. A  they climbed carefully around her, Mr . Norri  turned her lamplike eye  on them, but didn’t do anything. They didn’t meet anyone el e until they reached the  tairca e up to the third floor. Peeve  wa  bobbing halfway up, loo ening the carpet  o that people would trip. “Who’  there?” he  aid  uddenly a  they climbed toward him. He narrowed hi  wicked black eye . “Know you’re there, even if I can’t  ee you. Are you ghoulie or gho tie or wee  tudent bea tie?” He ro e up in the air and floated there,  quinting at them. “Should call Filch, I  hould, if  omething’  a-creeping around un een.” Harry had a  udden idea. “Peeve ,” he  aid, in a hoar e whi per, “the Bloody Baron ha  hi  own rea on  for being invi ible.” Peeve  almo t fell out of the air in  hock. He caught him elf in time and hovered about a foot off the  tair . “So  orry, your bloodine , Mr. Baron, Sir,” he  aid grea ily. “My mi take, my mi take — I didn’t  ee you — of cour e I didn’t, you’re invi ible — forgive old Peev ie hi  little joke,  ir.” “I have bu ine  here, Peeve ,” croaked Harry. “Stay away from thi  place tonight.” “I will,  ir, I mo t certainly will,”  aid Peeve , ri ing up in the air again. “Hope your bu ine  goe  well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.” And he  cooted off. “Brilliant, Harry!” whi pered Ron. A few  econd  later, they were there, out ide the third-floor corridor — and the door wa  already ajar. “Well, there you are,” Harry  aid quietly, “Snape’  already got pa t Fluffy.” Seeing the open door  omehow  eemed to impre  upon all three of them what wa  facing them. Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two. “If you want to go back, I won’t blame you,” he  aid. “You can take the cloak, I won’t need it now.” “Don’t be  tupid,”  aid Ron. “We’re coming,”  aid Hermione. Harry pu hed the door open. A  the door creaked, low, rumbling growl  met their ear . All three of the dog’  no e   niffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t  ee them. “What’  that at it  feet?” Hermione whi pered. “Look  like a harp,”  aid Ron. “Snape mu t have left it there.” “It mu t wake up the moment you  top playing,”  aid Harry. “Well, here goe  ….” He put Hagrid’  flute to hi  lip  and blew. It wa n’t really a tune, but from the fir t note the bea t’  eye  began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly, the dog’  growl  cea ed — it tottered on it  paw  and fell to it  knee , then it  lumped to the ground, fa t a leep. “Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry a  they  lipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog’  hot,  melly breath a  they approached the giant head . “I think we’ll be able to pull the door open,”  aid Ron, peering over the dog’  back. “Want to go fir t, Hermione?” “No, I don’t!” “All right.” Ron gritted hi  teeth and  tepped carefully over the dog’  leg . He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which  wung up and open. “What can you  ee?” Hermione  aid anxiou ly. “Nothing — ju t black — there’  no way of climbing down, we’ll ju t have to drop.” Harry, who wa   till playing the flute, waved at Ron to get hi  attention and pointed at him elf. “You want to go fir t? Are you  ure?”  aid Ron. “I don’t know how deep thi  thing goe . Give the flute to Hermione  o  he can keep him a leep.” Harry handed the flute over. In the few  econd ’  ilence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into it  deep  leep. Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There wa  no  ign of the bottom. He lowered him elf through the hole until he wa  hanging on by hi  fingertip . Then he looked up at Ron and  aid, “If anything happen  to me, don’t follow. Go  traight to the owlery and  end Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?” “Right,”  aid Ron. “See you in a minute, I hope …” And Harry let go. Cold, damp air ru hed pa t him a  he fell down, down, down and — FLUMP. With a funny, muffled  ort of thump he landed on  omething  oft. He  at up and felt around, hi  eye  not u ed to the gloom. It felt a  though he wa   itting on  ome  ort of plant. “It’  okay!” he called up to the light the  ize of a po tage  tamp, which wa  the open trapdoor, “it’  a  oft landing, you can jump!” Ron followed right away. He landed,  prawled next to Harry. “What’  thi   tuff?” were hi  fir t word . “Dunno,  ome  ort of plant thing. I  uppo e it’  here to break the fall. Come on, Hermione!” The di tant mu ic  topped. There wa  a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped. She landed on Harry’  other  ide. “We mu t be mile  under the  chool,”  he  aid. “Lucky thi  plant thing’  here, really,”  aid Ron. “Lucky!”  hrieked Hermione. “Look at you both!” She leapt up and  truggled toward a damp wall. She had to  truggle becau e the moment  he had landed, the plant had  tarted to twi t  nakelike tendril  around her ankle . A  for Harry and Ron, their leg  had already been bound tightly in long creeper  without their noticing. Hermione had managed to free her elf before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now  he watched in horror a  the two boy  fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they  trained again t it, the tighter and fa ter the plant wound around them. “Stop moving!” Hermione ordered them. “I know what thi  i  — it’  Devil’  Snare!” “Oh, I’m  o glad we know what it’  called, that’  a great help,”  narled Ron, leaning back, trying to  top the plant from curling around hi  neck. “Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!”  aid Hermione. “Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry ga ped, wre tling with it a  it curled around hi  che t. “Devil’  Snare, Devil’  Snare…what did Profe or Sprout  ay? — it like  the dark and the damp.” “So light a fire!” Harry choked. “Ye  — of cour e — but there’  no wood!” Hermione cried, wringing her hand . “HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed. “ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?” “Oh, right!”  aid Hermione, and  he whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered  omething, and  ent a jet of the  ame bluebell flame   he had u ed on Snape at the plant. In a matter of  econd , the two boy  felt it loo ening it  grip a  it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled it elf from their bodie , and they were able to pull free. “Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,”  aid Harry a  he joined her by the wall, wiping  weat off hi  face. “Yeah,”  aid Ron, “and lucky Harry doe n’t lo e hi  head in a cri i  — ‘there’  no wood,’ hone tly.” “Thi  way,”  aid Harry, pointing down a  tone pa ageway, which wa  the only way forward. All they could hear apart from their foot tep  wa  the gentle drip of water trickling down the wall . The pa ageway  loped downward, and Harry wa  reminded of Gringott . With an unplea ant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragon   aid to be guarding vault  in the wizard ’ bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been bad enough…. “Can you hear  omething?” Ron whi pered. Harry li tened. A  oft ru tling and clinking  eemed to be coming from up ahead. “Do you think it’  a gho t?” “I don’t know… ound  like wing  to me.” “There’  light ahead — I can  ee  omething moving.” They reached the end of the pa ageway and  aw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, it  ceiling arching high above them. It wa  full of  mall, jewel-bright bird , fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the oppo ite  ide of the chamber wa  a heavy wooden door. “Do you think they’ll attack u  if we cro  the room?”  aid Ron. “Probably,”  aid Harry. “They don’t look very viciou , but I  uppo e if they all  wooped down at once…well, there’  no other choice…I’ll run.” He took a deep breath, covered hi  face with hi  arm , and  printed acro  the room. He expected to feel  harp beak  and claw  tearing at him any  econd, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He pulled the handle, but it wa  locked. The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm. “Now what?”  aid Ron. “The e bird …they can’t be here ju t for decoration,”  aid Hermione. They watched the bird   oaring overhead, glittering — glittering? “They’re not bird !” Harry  aid  uddenly. “They’re key ! Winged key  — look carefully. So that mu t mean…” he looked around the chamber while the other two  quinted up at the flock of key . “…ye  — look! Broom tick ! We’ve got to catch the key to the door!” “But there are hundred  of them!” Ron examined the lock on the door. “We’re looking for a big, old-fa hioned one — probably  ilver, like the handle.” They each  eized a broom tick and kicked off into the air,  oaring into the mid t of the cloud of key . They grabbed and  natched, but the bewitched key  darted and dived  o quickly it wa  almo t impo ible to catch one. Not for nothing, though, wa  Harry the younge t Seeker in a century. He had a knack for  potting thing  other people didn’t. After a minute’  weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feather , he noticed a large  ilver key that had a bent wing, a  if it had already been caught and  tuffed roughly into the keyhole. “That one!” he called to the other . “That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wing  — the feather  are all crumpled on one  ide.” Ron went  peeding in the direction that Harry wa  pointing, cra hed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off hi  broom. “We’ve got to clo e in on it!” Harry called, not taking hi  eye  off the key with the damaged wing. “Ron, you come at it from above — Hermione,  tay below and  top it from going down and I’ll try and catch it. Right, NOW!” Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry  treaked after it; it  ped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a na ty, crunching noi e, pinned it again t the  tone with one hand. Ron and Hermione’  cheer  echoed around the high chamber. They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key  truggling in hi  hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned – it worked. The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that it had been caught twice. “Ready?” Harry a ked the other two, hi  hand on the door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open. The next chamber wa   o dark they couldn’t  ee anything at all. But a  they  tepped into it, light  uddenly flooded the room to reveal an a toni hing  ight. They were  tanding on the edge of a huge che board, behind the black che men, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black  tone. Facing them, way acro  the chamber, were the white piece . Harry, Ron and Hermione  hivered  lightly – the towering white che men had no face . “Now what do we do?” Harry whi pered. “It’  obviou , i n’t it?”  aid Ron. “We’ve got to play our way acro  the room.” Behind the white piece  they could  ee another door. “How?”  aid Hermione nervou ly. “I think,”  aid Ron, “we’re going to have to be che men.” He walked up to a black knight and put hi  hand out to touch the knight’  hor e. At once, the  tone  prang to life. The hor e pawed the ground and the knight turned hi  helmeted head to look down at Ron. “Do we — er — have to join you to get acro ?” The black knight nodded. Ron turned to the other two. “Thi  need  thinking about…” he  aid. “I  uppo e we’ve got to take the place of three of the black piece ….” Harry and Hermione  tayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he  aid, “Now, don’t be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at che  —” “We’re not offended,”  aid Harry quickly. “Ju t tell u  what to do.” “Well, Harry, you take the place of that bi hop, and Hermione, you next to him in tead of that ca tle.” “What about you?” “I’m going to be a knight,”  aid Ron. The che men  eemed to have been li tening, becau e at the e word  a knight, a bi hop, and a ca tle turned their back  on the white piece  and walked off the board, leaving three empty  quare  that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took. “White alway  play  fir t in che ,”  aid Ron, peering acro  the board. “Ye …look…” A white pawn had moved forward two  quare . Ron  tarted to direct the black piece . They moved  ilently wherever he  ent them. Harry’  knee  were trembling. What if they lo t? “Harry — move diagonally four  quare  to the right.” Their fir t real  hock came when their other knight wa  taken. The white queen  ma hed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite  till, facedown. “Had to let that happen,”  aid Ron, looking  haken. “Leave  you free to take that bi hop, Hermione, go on.” Every time one of their men wa  lo t, the white piece   howed no mercy. Soon there wa  a huddle of limp black player   lumped along the wall. Twice, Ron only ju t noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He him elf darted around the board, taking almo t a  many white piece  a  they had lo t black one . “We’re nearly there,” he muttered  uddenly. “Let me think — let me think…” The white queen turned her blank face toward him. “Ye …”  aid Ron  oftly, “It’  the only way…I’ve got to be taken.” “NO!” Harry and Hermione  houted. “That’  che !”  napped Ron. “You’ve got to make  ome  acrifice ! I take one  tep forward and  he’ll take me — that leave  you free to checkmate the king, Harry!” “But —” “Do you want to  top Snape or not?” “Ron —” “Look, if you don’t hurry up, he’ll already have the Stone!” There wa  no alternative. “Ready?” Ron called, hi  face pale but determined. “Here I go — now, don’t hang around once you’ve won.” He  tepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She  truck Ron hard acro  the head with her  tone arm, and he cra hed to the floor — Hermione  creamed but  tayed on her  quare — the white queen dragged Ron to one  ide. He looked a  if he’d been knocked out. Shaking, Harry moved three  pace  to the left. The white king took off hi  crown and threw it at Harry’  feet. They had won. The che men parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one la t de perate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next pa ageway. “What if he’  —?” “He’ll be all right,”  aid Harry, trying to convince him elf. “What do you reckon’  next?” “We’ve had Sprout’ , that wa  the Devil’  Snare; Flitwick mu t’ve put charm  on the key ; McGonagall tran figured the che men to make them alive; that leave  Quirrell’   pell, and Snape’ .” They had reached another door. “All right?” Harry whi pered. “Go on.” Harry pu hed it open. A di gu ting  mell filled their no tril , making both of them pull their robe  up over their no e . Eye  watering, they  aw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on it  head. “I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whi pered a  they  tepped carefully over one of it  ma ive leg . “Come on, I can’t breathe.” He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there wa  nothing very frightening in here, ju t a table with  even differently  haped bottle   tanding on it in a line. “Snape’ ,”  aid Harry. “What do we have to do?” They  tepped over the thre hold, and immediately a fire  prang up behind them in the doorway. It wa n’t ordinary fire either; it wa  purple. At the  ame in tant, black flame   hot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped. “Look!” Hermione  eized a roll of paper lying next to the bottle . Harry looked over her  houlder to read it: Danger lie  before you, while  afety lie  behind, Two of u  will help you, which ever you would find, One among u   even will let you move ahead, Another will tran port the drinker back in tead, Two among our number hold only nettle wine, Three of u  are killer , waiting bidden in line. Choo e, unle  you wi h to  tay here forevermore, To help you in your choice, we give you the e clue  four: Fir t, however  lyly the poi on trie  to hide You will alway  find  ome on nettle wine’  left  ide; Second, different are tho e who  tand at either end, But if you would move onward, neither i  your friend; Third, a  you  ee clearly, all are different  ize, Neither dwarf nor giant hold  death in their in ide ; Fourth, the  econd left and the  econd on the right Are twin  once you ta te them, though different at fir t  ight. Hermione let out a great  igh and Harry, amazed,  aw that  he wa   miling, the very la t thing he felt like doing. “Brilliant,”  aid Hermione. “Thi  i n’t magic — it’  logic — a puzzle. A lot of the greate t wizard  haven’t got an ounce of logic, they’d be  tuck in here forever.” “But  o will we, won’t we?” “Of cour e not,”  aid Hermione. “Everything we need i  here on thi  paper. Seven bottle : three are poi on; two are wine; one will get u   afely through the black fire, and one will get u  back through the purple.” “But how do we know which to drink?” “Give me a minute.” Hermione read the paper  everal time . Then  he walked up and down the line of bottle , muttering to her elf and pointing at them. At la t,  he clapped her hand . “Got it,”  he  aid. “The  malle t bottle will get u  through the black fire — toward the Stone.” Harry looked at the tiny bottle. “There’  only enough there for one of u ,” he  aid. “That’  hardly one  wallow.” They looked at each other. “Which one will get you back through the purple flame ?” Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line. “You drink that,”  aid Harry. “No, li ten, get back and get Ron. Grab broom  from the flying-key room, they’ll get you out of the trapdoor and pa t Fluffy — go  traight to the owlery and  end Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but I’m no match for him, really.” “But Harry — what if You-Know-Who’  with him?” “Well — I wa  lucky once, wa n’t I?”  aid Harry, pointing at hi   car. “I might get lucky again.” Hermione’  lip trembled, and  he  uddenly da hed at Harry and threw her arm  around him. “Hermione!” “Harry — you’re a great wizard, you know.” “I’m not a  good a  you,”  aid Harry, very embarra ed, a   he let go of him. “Me!”  aid Hermione. “Book ! And cleverne ! There are more important thing  — friend hip and bravery and — oh Harry — be careful!” “You drink fir t,”  aid Harry. “You are  ure which i  which, aren’t you?” “Po itive,”  aid Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and  huddered. “It’  not poi on?”  aid Harry anxiou ly. “No — but it’  like ice.” “Quick, go, before it wear  off.” “Good luck — take care.” “GO!” Hermione turned and walked  traight through the purple fire. Harry took a deep breath and picked up the  malle t bottle. He turned to face the black flame . “Here I come,” he  aid, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp. It wa  indeed a  though ice wa  flooding hi  body. He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced him elf,  aw the black flame  licking hi  body, but couldn’t feel them — for a moment he could  ee nothing but dark fire — then he wa  on the other  ide, in the la t chamber. There wa  already  omeone there — but it wa n’t Snape. It wa n’t even Voldemort. HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer'  Stone CHAPTER SEVENTEEN THE MAN WITH TWO FACES I t wa  Quirrell. “You!” ga ped Harry. Quirrell  miled. Hi  face wa n’t twitching at all. “Me,” he  aid calmly. “I wondered whether I’d be meeting you here, Potter.” “But I thought — Snape —” “Severu ?” Quirrell laughed, and it wa n’t hi  u ual quivering treble, either, but cold and  harp. “Ye , Severu  doe   eem the type, doe n’t he? So u eful to have him  wooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would  u pect p-p-poor,  t- tuttering P-Profe or Quirrell?” Harry couldn’t take it in. Thi  couldn’t be true, it couldn’t. “But Snape tried to kill me!” “No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Mi  Granger accidentally knocked me over a   he ru hed to  et fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few  econd  and I’d have got you off that broom. I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercur e, trying to  ave you.” “Snape wa  trying to  ave me?” “Of cour e,”  aid Quirrell coolly. “Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He wa  trying to make  ure I didn’t do it again. Funny, really…he needn’t have bothered. I couldn’t do anything with Dumbledore watching. All the other teacher  thought Snape wa  trying to  top Gryffindor from winning, he did make him elf unpopular…and what a wa te of time, when after all that, I’m going to kill you tonight.” Quirrell  napped hi  finger . Rope   prang out of thin air and wrapped them elve  tightly around Harry. “You’re too no y to live, Potter. Scurrying around the  chool on Halloween like that, for all I knew you’d  een me coming to look at what wa  guarding the Stone.” “You let the troll in?” “Certainly. I have a  pecial gift with troll  — you mu t have  een what I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone el e wa  running around looking for it, Snape, who already  u pected me, went  traight to the third floor to head me off — and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn’t even manage to bite Snape’  leg off properly. “Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine thi  intere ting mirror.” It wa  only then that Harry realized what wa   tanding behind Quirrell. It wa  the Mirror of Eri ed. “Thi  mirror i  the key to finding the Stone,” Quirrell murmured, tapping hi  way around the frame. “Tru t Dumbledore to come up with  omething like thi …but he’  in London…I’ll be far away by the time he get  back…” All Harry could think of doing wa  to keep Quirrell talking and  top him from concentrating on the mirror. “I  aw you and Snape in the fore t —” he blurted out. “Ye ,”  aid Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. “He wa  on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I’d got. He  u pected me all along. Tried to frighten me — a  though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my  ide….” Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and  tared hungrily into it. “I  ee the Stone…I’m pre enting it to my ma ter…but where i  it?” Harry  truggled again t the rope  binding him, but they didn’t give. He had to keep Quirrell from giving hi  whole attention to the mirror. “But Snape alway   eemed to hate me  o much.” “Oh, he doe ,”  aid Quirrell ca ually, “heaven , ye . He wa  at Hogwart  with your father, didn’t you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted you dead.” “But I heard you a few day  ago,  obbing — I thought Snape wa  threatening you.…” For the fir t time, a  pa m of fear flitted acro  Quirrell’  face. “Sometime ,” he  aid, “I find it hard to follow my ma ter’  in truction  — he i  a great wizard and I am weak —” “You mean he wa  there in the cla room with you?” Harry ga ped. “He i  with me wherever I go,”  aid Quirrell quietly. “I met him when I traveled around the world. A fooli h young man I wa  then, full of ridiculou  idea  about good and evil. Lord Voldemort  howed me how wrong I wa . There i  no good and evil, there i  only power, and tho e too weak to  eek it…Since then, I have  erved him faithfully, although I have let him down many time . He ha  had to be very hard on me.” Quirrell  hivered  uddenly. “He doe  not forgive mi take  ea ily. When I failed to  teal the  tone from Gringott , he wa  mo t di plea ed. He puni hed me…decided he would have to keep a clo er watch on me.…” Quirrell’  voice trailed away. Harry wa  remembering hi  trip to Diagon Alley — how could he have been  o  tupid? He’d  een Quirrell there that very day,  haken hand  with him in the Leaky Cauldron. Quirrell cur ed under hi  breath. “I don’t under tand…i  the Stone in ide the mirror? Should I break it?” Harry’  mind wa  racing. What I want more than anything el e in the world at the moment, he thought, i  to find the Stone before Quirrell doe . So if I look in the mirror, I  hould  ee my elf finding it — which mean  I’ll  ee where it’  hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I’m up to? He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the gla  without Quirrell noticing, but the rope  around hi  ankle  were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He wa   till talking to him elf. “What doe  thi  mirror do? How doe  it work? Help me, Ma ter!” And to Harry’  horror, a voice an wered, and the voice  eemed to come from Quirrell him elf. “U e the boy…U e the boy.…” Quirrell rounded on Harry. “Ye  — Potter — come here.” He clapped hi  hand  once, and the rope  binding Harry fell off. Harry got  lowly to hi  feet. “Come here,” Quirrell repeated. “Look in the mirror and tell me what you  ee.” Harry walked toward him. I mu t lie, he thought de perately. I mu t look and lie about what I  ee, that’  all. Quirrell moved clo e behind him. Harry breathed in the funny  mell that  eemed to come from Quirrell’  turban. He clo ed hi  eye ,  tepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again. He  aw hi  reflection, pale and  cared-looking at fir t. But a moment later, the reflection  miled at him. It put it  hand into it  pocket and pulled out a blood-red  tone. It winked and put the Stone back in it  pocket — and a  it did  o, Harry felt  omething heavy drop into hi  real pocket. Somehow — incredibly — he’d gotten the Stone. “Well?”  aid Quirrell impatiently. “What do you  ee?” Harry  crewed up hi  courage. “I  ee my elf  haking hand  with Dumbledore,” he invented. “I — I’ve won the hou e cup for Gryffindor.” Quirrell cur ed again. “Get out of the way,” he  aid. A  Harry moved a ide, he felt the Sorcerer’  Stone again t hi  leg. Dare he make a break for it? But he hadn’t walked five pace  before a high voice  poke, though Quirrell wa n’t moving hi  lip . “He lie …He lie .…” “Potter, come back here!” Quirrell  houted. “Tell me the truth! What did you ju t  ee?” The high voice  poke again. “Let me  peak to him…face-to-face…” “Ma ter, you are not  trong enough!” “I have  trength enough…for thi …” Harry felt a  if Devil’  Snare wa  rooting him to the  pot. He couldn’t move a mu cle. Petrified, he watched a  Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap hi  turban. What wa  going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell’  head looked  trangely  mall without it. Then he turned  lowly on the  pot. Harry would have  creamed, but he couldn’t make a  ound. Where there  hould have been a back to Quirrell’  head, there wa  a face, the mo t terrible face Harry had ever  een. It wa  chalk white with glaring red eye  and  lit  for no tril , like a  nake. “Harry Potter…” it whi pered. Harry tried to take a  tep backward but hi  leg  wouldn’t move. “See what I have become?” the face  aid. “Mere  hadow and vapor….I have form only when I can  hare another’  body…but there have alway  been tho e willing to let me into their heart  and mind …Unicorn blood ha   trengthened me, the e pa t week …you  aw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the fore t…and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own….Now…why don’t you give me that Stone in your pocket?” So he knew. The feeling  uddenly  urged back into Harry’  leg . He  tumbled backward. “Don’t be a fool,”  narled the face. “Better  ave your own life and join me…or you’ll meet the  ame end a  your parent …They died begging me for mercy…” “LIAR!” Harry  houted  uddenly. Quirrell wa  walking backward at him,  o that Voldemort could  till  ee him. The evil face wa  now  miling. “How touching…” it hi ed. “I alway  value bravery….Ye , boy, your parent  were brave…I killed your father fir t; and he put up a courageou  fight…but your mother needn’t have died… he wa  trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unle  you want her to have died in vain.” “NEVER!” Harry  prang toward the flame door, but Voldemort  creamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next  econd, Harry felt Quirrell’  hand clo e on hi  wri t. At once, a needle- harp pain  eared acro  Harry’   car; hi  head felt a  though it wa  about to  plit in two; he yelled,  truggling with all hi  might, and to hi   urpri e, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in hi  head le ened — he looked around wildly to  ee where Quirrell had gone, and  aw him hunched in pain, looking at hi  finger  — they were bli tering before hi  eye . “Seize him! SEIZE HIM!”  hrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off hi  feet landing on top of him, both hand  around Harry’  neck — Harry’   car wa  almo t blinding him with pain, yet he could  ee Quirrell howling in agony. “Ma ter, I cannot hold him — my hand  — my hand !” And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with hi  knee , let go of hi  neck and  tared, bewildered, at hi  own palm  — Harry could  ee they looked burned, raw, red, and  hiny. “Then kill him, fool, and be done!”  creeched Voldemort. Quirrell rai ed hi  hand to perform a deadly cur e, but Harry, by in tinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’  face — “AAAARGH!” Quirrell rolled off him, hi  face bli tering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch hi  bare  kin, not without  uffering terrible pain — hi  only chance wa  to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to  top him from doing a cur e. Harry jumped to hi  feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on a  tight a  he could. Quirrell  creamed and tried to throw Harry off — the pain in Harry’  head wa  building — he couldn’t  ee — he could only hear Quirrell’  terrible  hriek  and Voldemort’  yell  of, “KILL HIM! KILL HIM!” and other voice , maybe in Harry’  own head, crying, “Harry! Harry!” He felt Quirrell’  arm wrenched from hi  gra p, knew all wa  lo t, and fell into blackne , down…down… down…. Something gold wa  glinting ju t above him. The Snitch! He tried to catch it, but hi  arm  were too heavy. He blinked. It wa n’t the Snitch at all. It wa  a pair of gla e . How  trange. He blinked again. The  miling face of Albu  Dumbledore  wam into view above him. “Good afternoon, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. Harry  tared at him. Then he remembered: “Sir! The Stone! It wa  Quirrell! He’  got the Stone! Sir, quick —” “Calm your elf, dear boy, you are a little behind the time ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Quirrell doe  not have the Stone.” “Then who doe ? Sir, I —” “Harry, plea e relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.” Harry  wallowed and looked around him. He realized he mu t be in the ho pital wing. He wa  lying in a bed with white linen  heet , and next to him wa  a table piled high with what looked like half the candy  hop. “Token  from your friend  and admirer ,”  aid Dumbledore, beaming. “What happened down in the dungeon  between you and Profe or Quirrell i  a complete  ecret,  o, naturally, the whole  chool know . I believe your friend  Mi ter  Fred and George Wea ley were re pon ible for trying to  end you a toilet  eat. No doubt they thought it would amu e you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confi cated it.” “How long have I been in here?” “Three day . Mr. Ronald Wea ley and Mi  Granger will be mo t relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.” “But  ir, the Stone —” “I  ee you are not to be di tracted. Very well, the Stone. Profe or Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I mu t  ay.” “You got there? You got Hermione’  owl?” “We mu t have cro ed in midair. No  ooner had I reached London than it became clear to me that the place I  hould be wa  the one I had ju t left. I arrived ju t in time to pull Quirrell off you.” “It wa  you.” “I feared I might be too late.” “You nearly were, I couldn’t have kept him off the Stone much longer –” “Not the Stone, boy, you — the effort involved nearly killed you. For one terrible moment there, I wa  afraid it had. A  for the Stone, it ha  been de troyed.” “De troyed?”  aid Harry blankly. “But your friend — Nicola  Flamel —” “Oh, you know about Nicola ?”  aid Dumbledore,  ounding quite delighted. “You did do the thing properly, didn’t you? Well, Nicola  and I have had a little chat, and agreed it’  all for the be t.” “But that mean  he and hi  wife will die, won’t they?” “They have enough Elixir  tored to  et their affair  in order and then, ye , they will die.” Dumbledore  miled at the look of amazement on Harry’  face. “To one a  young a  you, I’m  ure it  eem  incredible, but to Nicola  and Perenelle, it really i  like going to bed after a very, very long day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death i  but the next great adventure. You know, the Stone wa  really not  uch a wonderful thing. A  much money and life a  you could want! The two thing  mo t human being  would choo e above all — the trouble i , human  do have a knack of choo ing preci ely tho e thing  that are wor t for them.” Harry lay there, lo t for word . Dumbledore hummed a little and  miled at the ceiling. “Sir?”  aid Harry. “I’ve been thinking… ir — even if the Stone’  gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who —” “Call him Voldemort, Harry. Alway  u e the proper name for thing . Fear of a name increa e  fear of the thing it elf.” “Ye ,  ir. Well, Voldemort’  going to try other way  of coming back, i n’t he? I mean, he ha n’t gone, ha  he?” “No, Harry, he ha  not. He i   till out there  omewhere, perhap  looking for another body to  hare…not being truly alive, he cannot be killed. He left Quirrell to die; he  how  ju t a  little mercy to hi  follower  a  hi  enemie . Neverthele , Harry, while you may only have delayed hi  return to power, it will merely take  omeone el e who i  prepared to fight what  eem  a lo ing battle next time — and if he i  delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power.” Harry nodded, but  topped quickly, becau e it made hi  head hurt. Then he  aid, “Sir, there are  ome other thing  I’d like to know, if you can tell me…thing  I want to know the truth about.…” “The truth.” Dumbledore  ighed. “It i  a beautiful and terrible thing, and  hould therefore be treated with great caution. However, I  hall an wer your que tion  unle  I have a very good rea on not to, in which ca e I beg you’ll forgive me. I  hall not, of cour e, lie.” “Well…Voldemort  aid that he only killed my mother becau e  he tried to  top him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the fir t place?” Dumbledore  ighed very deeply thi  time. “Ala , the fir t thing you a k me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one day…put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older…I know you hate to hear thi …when you are ready, you will know.” And Harry knew it would be no good to argue. “But why couldn’t Quirrell touch me?” “Your mother died to  ave you. If there i  one thing Voldemort cannot under tand, it i  love. He didn’t realize that love a  powerful a  your mother’  for you leave  it  own mark. Not a  car, no vi ible  ign…to have been loved  o deeply, even though the per on who loved u  i  gone, will give u   ome protection forever. It i  in your very  kin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition,  haring hi   oul with Voldemort, could not touch you for thi  rea on. It wa  agony to touch a per on marked by  omething  o good.” Dumbledore now became very intere ted in a bird out on the window ill, which gave Harry time to dry hi  eye  on the  heet. When he had found hi  voice again, Harry  aid, “And the invi ibility cloak — do you know who  ent it to me?” “Ah — your father happened to leave it in my po e ion, and I thought you might like it.” Dumbledore’  eye  twinkled. “U eful thing …your father u ed it mainly for  neaking off to the kitchen  to  teal food when he wa  here.” “And there’   omething el e…” “Fire away.” “Quirrell  aid Snape —” “Profe or Snape, Harry.” “Ye , him — Quirrell  aid he hate  me becau e he hated my father. I  that true?” “Well, they did rather dete t each other. Not unlike your elf and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did  omething Snape could never forgive.” “What?” “He  aved hi  life.” “What?” “Ye …”  aid Dumbledore dreamily. “Funny, the way people’  mind  work, i n’t it? Profe or Snape couldn’t bear being in your father’  debt…I do believe he worked  o hard to protect you thi  year becau e he felt that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to hating your father’  memory in peace.…” Harry tried to under tand thi  but it made hi  head pound,  o he  topped. “And  ir, there’  one more thing…” “Ju t the one?” “How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?” “Ah, now, I’m glad you a ked me that. It wa  one of my more brilliant idea , and between you and me, that’   aying  omething. You  ee, only one who wanted to find the Stone — find it, but not u e it — would be able to get it, otherwi e they’d ju t  ee them elve  making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain  urpri e  even me  ometime …Now, enough que tion . I  ugge t you make a  tart on the e  weet . Ah! Bettie Bott’  Every Flavor Bean ! I wa  unfortunate enough in my youth to come acro  a vomit flavored one, and  ince then I’m afraid I’ve rather lo t my liking for them — but I think I’ll be  afe with a nice toffee, don’t you?” He  miled and popped the golden-brown bean into hi  mouth. Then he choked and  aid, “Ala ! Ear wax!” Madam Pomfrey, the nur e, wa  a nice woman, but very  trict. “Ju t five minute ,” Harry pleaded. “Ab olutely not.” “You let Profe or Dumbledore in….” “Well, of cour e, that wa  the headma ter, quite different. You need re t.” “I am re ting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam Pomfrey…” “Oh, very well,”  he  aid. “But five minute  only.” And  he let Ron and Hermione in. “Harry!” Hermione looked ready to fling her arm  around him again, but Harry wa  glad  he held her elf in a  hi  head wa   till very  ore. “Oh, Harry, we were  ure you were going to — Dumbledore wa   o worried —” “The whole  chool’  talking about it,”  aid Ron. “What really happened?” It wa  one of tho e rare occa ion  when the true  tory i  even more  trange and exciting than the wild rumor . Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they ga ped in all the right place , and when Harry told them what wa  under Quirrell’  turban, Hermione  creamed out loud. “So the Stone’  gone?”  aid Ron finally. “Flamel’  ju t going to die?” “That’  what I  aid, but Dumbledore think  that — what wa  it? — ‘to the well-organized mind, death i  but the next great adventure.’” “I alway   aid he wa  off hi  rocker,”  aid Ron, looking quite impre ed at how crazy hi  hero wa . “So what happened to you two?”  aid Harry. “Well, I got back all right,”  aid Hermione. “I brought Ron round — that took a while — and we were da hing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall — he already knew — he ju t  aid, ‘Harry’  gone after him, ha n’t he?’ and hurtled off to the third floor.” “D’you think he meant you to do it?”  aid Ron. “Sending you your father’  cloak and everything?” “Well, ” Hermione exploded, “if he did — I mean to  ay that’  terrible — you could have been killed.” “No, it i n’t,”  aid Harry thoughtfully. “He’  a funny man, Dumbledore. I think he  ort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he know  more or le  everything that goe  on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and in tead of  topping u , he ju t taught u  enough to help. I don’t think it wa  an accident he let me find out how the mirror worked. It’  almo t like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could….” “Yeah, Dumbledore’  off hi  rocker, all right,”  aid Ron proudly. “Li ten, you’ve got to be up for the end-of-year fea t tomorrow. The point  are all in and Slytherin won, of cour e — you mi ed the la t Quidditch match, we were  teamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.” At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bu tled over. “You’ve had nearly fifteen minute , now OUT”  he  aid firmly. After a good night’   leep, Harry felt nearly back to normal. I want to go to the fea t,” he told Madam Pomfrey a   he  traightened hi  many candy boxe . I can, can’t I?” “Profe or Dumbledore  ay  you are to be allowed to go,”  he  aid  tiffly, a  though in her opinion Profe or Dumbledore didn’t realize how ri ky fea t  could be. “And you have another vi itor.” “Oh, good,”  aid Harry. “Who i  it?” Hagrid  idled through the door a  he  poke. A  u ual when he wa  indoor , Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He  at down next to Harry, took one look at him, and bur t into tear . “It’  — all — my — ruddy — fault!” he  obbed, hi  face in hi  hand . I told the evil git how ter get pa t Fluffy! I told him! It wa  the only thing he didn’t know, an’ I told him! Yeh could’ve died! All fer a dragon egg! I’ll never drink again! I  hould be chucked out an’ made ter live a  a Muggle!” “Hagrid!”  aid Harry,  hocked to  ee Hagrid  haking with grief and remor e, great tear  leaking down into hi  beard. “Hagrid, he’d have found out  omehow, thi  i  Voldemort we’re talking about, he’d have found out even if you hadn’t told him.” “Yeh could’ve died!”  obbed Hagrid. “An’ don’  ay the name!” “VOLDEMORT!” Harry bellowed, and Hagrid wa   o  hocked, he  topped crying. “I’ve met him and I’m calling him by hi  name. Plea e cheer up, Hagrid, we  aved the Stone, it’  gone, he can’t u e it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I’ve got load .…” Hagrid wiped hi  no e on the back of hi  hand and  aid, “That remind  me. I’ve got yeh a pre ent.” “It’  not a  toat  andwich, i  it?”  aid Harry anxiou ly, and at la t Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. “Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off ye terday ter fix it. ‘cour e, he  houlda  acked me in tead — anyway, got yeh thi .…” It  eemed to be a hand ome, leather-covered book. Harry opened it curiou ly. It wa  full of wizard photograph . Smiling and waving at him from every page were hi  mother and father. “Sent owl  off ter all yer parent ’ old  chool friend , a kin’ fer photo …knew yeh didn’ have any…d’yeh like it?” Harry couldn’t  peak, but Hagrid under tood. Harry made hi  way down to the end-of-year fea t alone that night. He had been held up by Madam Pomfrey’  fu ing about, in i ting on giving him one la t checkup,  o the Great Hall wa  already full. It wa  decked out in the Slytherin color  of green and  ilver to celebrate Slytherin’  winning the hou e cup for the  eventh year in a row. A huge banner  howing the Slytherin  erpent covered the wall behind the High Table. When Harry walked in there wa  a  udden hu h, and then everybody  tarted talking loudly at once. He  lipped into a  eat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were  tanding up to look at him. Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moment  later. The babble died away. “Another year gone!” Dumbledore  aid cheerfully. “And I mu t trouble you with an old man’  wheezing waffle before we  ink our teeth into our deliciou  fea t. What a year it ha  been! Hopefully your head  are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole  ummer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year  tart .… “Now, a  I under tand it, the hou e cup here need  awarding, and the point   tand thu : In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve point ; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw ha  four hundred and twenty- ix and Slytherin, four hundred and  eventy-two.” A  torm of cheering and  tamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Harry could  ee Draco Malfoy banging hi  goblet on the table. It wa  a  ickening  ight. “Ye , Ye , well done, Slytherin,”  aid Dumbledore. “However, recent event  mu t be taken into account.” The room went very  till. The Slytherin ’  mile  faded a little. “Ahem,”  aid Dumbledore. “I have a few la t-minute point  to di h out. Let me  ee. Ye … “Fir t — to Mr. Ronald Wea ley…” Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radi h with a bad  unburn. “…for the be t-played game of che  Hogwart  ha   een in many year , I award Gryffindor hou e fifty point .” Gryffindor cheer  nearly rai ed the bewitched ceiling; the  tar  overhead  eemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other prefect , “My brother, you know! My younge t brother! Got pa t McGonagall’  giant che   et!” At la t there wa   ilence again. “Second — to Mi  Hermione Granger…for the u e of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor hou e fifty point .” Hermione buried her face in her arm ; Harry  trongly  u pected  he had bur t into tear . Gryffindor  up and down the table were be ide them elve  — they were a hundred point  up. “Third — to Mr. Harry Potter…”  aid Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet. “…for pure nerve and out tanding courage, I award Gryffindor hou e  ixty point .” The din wa  deafening. Tho e who could add up while yelling them elve  hoar e knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and  eventy-two point  — exactly the  ame a  Slytherin. They had tied for the hou e cup — if only Dumbledore had given Harry ju t one more point. Dumbledore rai ed hi  hand. The room gradually fell  ilent. “There are all kind  of courage,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “It take  a great deal of bravery to  tand up to our enemie , but ju t a  much to  tand up to our friend . I therefore award ten point  to Mr. Neville Longbottom.” Someone  tanding out ide the Great Hall might well have thought  ome  ort of explo ion had taken place,  o loud wa  the noi e that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  tood up to yell and cheer a  Neville, white with  hock, di appeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won  o much a  a point for Gryffindor before. Harry,  till cheering, nudged Ron in the rib  and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more  tunned and horrified if he’d ju t had the Body-Bind Cur e put on him. “Which mean ,” Dumbledore called over the  torm of applau e, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.” He clapped hi  hand . In an in tant, the green hanging  became  carlet and the  ilver became gold; the huge Slytherin  erpent vani hed and a towering Gryffindor lion took it  place. Snape wa   haking Profe or McGonagall’  hand, with a horrible, forced  mile. He caught Harry’  eye and Harry knew at once that Snape’  feeling  toward him hadn’t changed one jot. Thi  didn’t worry Harry. It  eemed a  though life would be back to normal next year, or a  normal a  it ever wa  at Hogwart . It wa  the be t evening of Harry’  life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Chri tma , or knocking out mountain troll …he would never, ever forget tonight. Harry had almo t forgotten that the exam re ult  were  till to come, but come they did. To their great  urpri e, both he and Ron pa ed with good mark ; Hermione, of cour e, had the be t grade  of the fir t year . Even Neville  craped through, hi  good Herbology mark making up for hi  aby mal Potion  one. They had hoped that Goyle, who wa  almo t a   tupid a  he wa  mean, might be thrown out, but he had pa ed, too. It wa  a  hame, but a  Ron  aid, you couldn’t have everything in life. And  uddenly, their wardrobe  were empty, their trunk  were packed, Neville’  toad wa  found lurking in a corner of the toilet ; note  were handed out to all  tudent , warning them not to u e magic over the holiday  (“I alway  hope they’ll forget to give u  the e,”  aid Fred Wea ley  adly); Hagrid wa  there to take them down to the fleet of boat  that  ailed acro  the lake; they were boarding the Hogwart  Expre ; talking and laughing a  the country ide became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’  Every Flavor Bean  a  they  ped pa t Muggle town ; pulling off their wizard robe  and putting on jacket  and coat ; pulling into platform nine and three-quarter  at King’  Cro  Station. It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard wa  up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in two  and three   o they didn’t attract attention by all bur ting out of a  olid wall at once and alarming the Muggle . “You mu t come and  tay thi   ummer,”  aid Ron, “both of you — I’ll  end you an owl.” “Thank ,”  aid Harry, “I’ll need  omething to look forward to.” People jo tled them a  they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world. Some of them called: “Bye, Harry!” “See you, Potter!” “Still famou ,”  aid Ron, grinning at him. “Not where I’m going, I promi e you,”  aid Harry. He, Ron, and Hermione pa ed through the gateway together. “There he i , Mom, there he i , look!” It wa  Ginny Wea ley, Ron’  younger  i ter, but  he wa n’t pointing at Ron. “Harry Potter!”  he  quealed. “Look, Mom! I can  ee —” “Be quiet, Ginny, and it’  rude to point.” Mr . Wea ley  miled down at them. “Bu y year?”  he  aid. “Very,”  aid Harry. “Thank  for the fudge and the  weater, Mr . Wea ley.” “Oh, it wa  nothing, dear.” “Ready, are you?” It wa  Uncle Vernon,  till purple-faced,  till mu tached,  till looking furiou  at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a  tation full of ordinary people. Behind him  tood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very  ight of Harry. “You mu t be Harry’  family!”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “In a manner of  peaking,”  aid Uncle Vernon. “Hurry up, boy, we haven’t got all day.” He walked away. Harry hung back for a la t word with Ron and Hermione. “See you over the  ummer, then.” “Hope you have — er — a good holiday,”  aid Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon,  hocked that anyone could be  o unplea ant. “Oh, I will,”  aid Harry, and they were  urpri ed at the grin that wa   preading over hi  face. “They don’t know we’re not allowed to u e magic at home. I’m going to have a lot of fun with Dudley thi   ummer.  