It wa  nearing midnight and the Prime Mini ter wa   itting alone in hi  office, reading a long memo that wa   lipping through hi  brain without leaving the  lighte t trace of meaning behind. He wa  waiting for a call from the Pre ident of a far di tant country, and between wondering when the wretched man would telephone, and trying to  uppre  unplea ant memorie  of what had been a very long, tiring, and difficult week, there wa  not much  pace in hi  head for anything el e. The more he attempted to focu  on the print on the page before him, the more clearly the Prime Mini ter could  ee the gloating face of one of hi  political opponent . Thi  particular opponent had appeared on the new  that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible thing  that had happened in the la t week (a  though anyone needed reminding) but al o to explain why each and every one of them wa  the government’  fault. The Prime Mini ter’  pul e quickened at the very thought of the e accu ation , for they were neither fair nor true. How on earth wa  hi  government  uppo ed to have  topped that bridge collap ing? It wa  outrageou  for anybody to  ugge t that they were not  pending enough on bridge . The bridge wa  fewer than ten year  old, and the be t expert  were at a lo  to explain why it had  napped cleanly in two,  ending a dozen car  into the watery depth  of the river below. And how dare anyone  ugge t that it wa  lack of policemen that had re ulted in tho e two very na ty and wellpublicized murder ? Or that the government  hould have  omehow fore een the freak hurricane in the We t Country that had cau ed  o much damage to both people and property? And wa  it hi  fault that one of hi  Junior Mini ter , Herbert Chorley, had cho en thi  week to act  o peculiarly that he wa  now going to be  pending a lot more time with hi  family? “A grim mood ha  gripped the country,” the opponent had concluded, barely concealing hi  own broad grin. And unfortunately, thi  wa  perfectly true. The Prime Mini ter felt it him elf; people really did  eem more mi erable than u ual. Even the weather wa  di mal; all thi  chilly mi t in the middle of July… It wa n’t right, it wa n’t normal… He turned over the  econd page of the memo,  aw how much longer it went on, and gave it up a  a bad job. Stretching hi  arm  above hi  head he looked around hi  office mournfully. It wa  a hand ome room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long  a h window , firmly clo ed again t the un ea onable chill. With a  light  hiver, the Prime Mini ter got up and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin mi t that wa  pre ing it elf again t the gla . It wa  then, a  he  tood with hi  back to the room, that he heard a  oft cough behind him. He froze, no e to no e with hi  own  caredlooking reflection in the dark gla . He knew that cough. He had heard it before. He turned very  lowly to face the empty room. “Hello?” he  aid, trying to  ound braver than he felt. For a brief moment he allowed him elf the impo ible hope that nobody would an wer him. However, a voice re ponded at once, a cri p, deci ive voice that  ounded a  though it were reading a prepared  tatement. It wa  coming — a  the Prime Mini ter had known at the fir t cough — from the froglike little man wearing a long  ilver wig who wa  depicted in a  mall, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room. “To the Prime Mini ter of Muggle . Urgent we meet. Kindly re pond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge.” The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the Prime Mini ter. “Er,”  aid the Prime Mini ter, “li ten… It’  not a very good time for me… I’m waiting for a telephone call, you  ee… from the Pre ident of–“ “That can be rearranged,”  aid the portrait at once. The Prime Mini ter’  heart  ank. He had been afraid of that. “But I really wa  rather hoping to  peak–“ “We  hall arrange for the Pre ident to forget to call. He will telephone tomorrow night in tead,”  aid the little man. “Kindly re pond immediately to Mr. Fudge.” “I… oh… very well,”  aid the Prime Mini ter weakly. “Ye , I’ll  ee Fudge.” He hurried back to hi  de k,  traightening hi  tie a  he went. He had barely re umed hi   eat, and arranged hi  face into what he hoped wa  a relaxed and unfazed expre ion, when bright green flame  bur t into life in the empty grate beneath hi  marble mantelpiece. He watched, trying not to betray a flicker of  urpri e or alarm, a  a portly man appeared within the flame ,  pinning a  fa t a  a top. Second  later, he had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, bru hing a h from the  leeve  of hi  long pin triped cloak, a limegreen bowler hat in hi  hand. “Ah… Prime Mini ter,”  aid Corneliu  Fudge,  triding forward with hi  hand out tretched. “Good to  ee you again.” The Prime Mini ter could not hone tly return thi  compliment,  o  aid nothing at all. He wa  not remotely plea ed to  ee Fudge, who e occa ional appearance , apart from being downright alarming in them elve , generally meant that he wa  about to hear  ome very bad new . Furthermore, Fudge wa  looking di tinctly careworn. He wa  thinner, balder, and grayer, and hi  face had a crumpled look. The Prime Mini ter had  een that kind of look in politician  before, and it never boded well. “How can I help you?” he  aid,  haking Fudge’  hand very briefly and ge turing toward the harde t of the chair  in front of the de k. “Difficult to know where to begin,” muttered Fudge, pulling up the chair,  itting down, and placing hi  green bowler upon hi  knee . “What a week, what a week…” “Had a bad one too, have you?” a ked the Prime Mini ter  tiffly, hoping to convey by thi  that he had quite enough on hi  plate already without any extra helping  from Fudge. “Ye , of cour e,”  aid Fudge, rubbing hi  eye  wearily and looking moro ely at the Prime Mini ter. “I’ve been having the  ame week you have, Prime Mini ter. The Brockdale Bridge… the Bone  and Vance murder … not to mention the rucku  in the We t Country…” “You–er–your–I mean to  ay,  ome of your people were–were involved in tho e–tho e thing , were they?” Fudge fixed the Prime Mini ter with a rather  tern look. “Of cour e they were,” he  aid, “Surely you’ve realized what’  going on?” “I…” he itated the Prime Mini ter. It wa  preci ely thi   ort of behavior that made him di like Fudge’  vi it   o much. He wa , after all, the Prime Mini ter and did not appreciate being made to feel like an ignorant  choolboy. But of cour e, it had been like thi  from hi  very fir t meeting with Fudge on hi  very fir t evening a  Prime Mini ter. He remembered it a  though it were ye terday and knew it would haunt him until hi  dying day. He had been  tanding alone in thi  very office,  avoring the triumph that wa  hi  after  o many year  of dreaming and  cheming, when he had heard a cough behind him, ju t like tonight, and turned to find that ugly little portrait talking to him, announcing that the Mini ter of Magic wa  about to arrive and introduce him elf Naturally, he had thought that the long campaign and the  train of the election had cau ed him to go mad. He had been utterly terrified to find a portrait talking to him, though thi  had been nothing to how he felt when a  elfproclaimed wizard had bounced out of the fireplace and  haken hi  hand. He had remained  peechle  throughout Fudge’  kindly explanation that there were witche  and wizard   till living in  ecret all over the world and hi  rea urance  that he wa  not to bother hi  head about them a  the Mini try of Magic took re pon ibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevented the nonmagical population from getting wind of them. It wa ,  aid Fudge, a difficult job that encompa ed everything from regulation  on re pon ible u e of broom tick  to keeping the dragon population under control (the Prime Mini ter remembered clutching the de k for  upport at thi  point). Fudge had then patted the  houlder of the  tilldumb truck Prime Mini ter in a fatherly  ort of way. “Not to worry,” he had  aid, “it’  odd on you’ll never  ee me again. I’ll only bother you if there’   omething really  eriou  going on our end,  omething that’  likely to affect the Muggle –the nonmagical population, I  hould  ay. Otherwi e, it’  live and let live. And I mu t  ay, you’re taking it a lot better than your predece or. He tried to throw me out the window, thought I wa  a hoax planned by the oppo ition.” At thi , the Prime Mini ter had found hi  voice at la t. “You’re–you’re not a hoax, then?” It had been hi  la t, de perate hope. “No,”  aid Fudge gently. “No, I’m afraid I’m not. Look.” And he had turned the Prime Mini ter’  teacup into a gerbil. “But,”  aid the Prime Mini ter breathle ly, watching hi  teacup chewing on the corner of hi  next  peech, “but why–why ha  nobody told me–?” “The Mini ter of Magic only reveal  him–or her elf to the Muggle Prime Mini ter of the day,”  aid Fudge, poking hi  wand back in ide hi  jacket. “We find it the be t way to maintain  ecrecy.” “But then,” bleated the Prime Mini ter, “why ha n’t a former Prime Mini ter warned me–?” At thi , Fudge had actually laughed. “My dear Prime Mini ter, are you ever going to tell anybody?” Still chortling, Fudge had thrown  ome powder into the fireplace,  tepped into the emerald flame , and vani hed with a whoo hing  ound. The Prime Mini ter had  tood there, quite motionle , and realized that he would never, a  long a  he lived, dare mention thi  encounter to a living  oul, for who in the wide world would believe him? The  hock had taken a little while to wear off. For a time, he had tried to convince him elf that Fudge had indeed been a hallucination brought on by lack of  leep during hi  grueling election campaign. In a vain attempt to rid him elf of all reminder  of thi  uncomfortable encounter, he had given the gerbil to hi  delighted niece and in tructed hi  private  ecretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge’  arrival. To the Prime Mini ter’  di may, however, the portrait had proved impo ible to remove. When  everal carpenter , a builder or two, an art hi torian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried un ucce fully to pry it from the wall, the Prime Mini ter had abandoned the attempt and  imply re olved to hope that the thing remained motionle  and  ilent for the re t of hi  term in office. Occa ionally he could have  worn he  aw out of the corner of hi  eye the occupant of the painting yawning, or el e  cratching hi  no e; even, once or twice,  imply walking out of hi  frame and leaving nothing but a  tretch of muddybrown canva  behind. However, he had trained him elf not to look at the picture very much, and alway  to tell him elf firmly that hi  eye  were playing trick  on him when anything like thi  happened. Then, three year  ago, on a night very like tonight, the Prime Mini ter had been alone in hi  office when the portrait had once again announced the imminent arrival of Fudge, who had bur t out of the fireplace,  opping wet and in a  tate of con iderable panic. Before the Prime Mini ter could a k why he wa  dripping all over the Axmin ter, Fudge had  tarted ranting about a pri on the Prime Mini ter had never heard of, a man named “Seriou ” Black,  omething that  ounded like “Hogwart ,” and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remote t  en e to the Prime Mini ter. “…I’ve ju t come from Azkaban,” Fudge had panted, tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of hi  bowler hat into hi  pocket. “Middle of the North Sea, you know, na ty flight… the dementor  are in uproar”–he  huddered–“they’ve never had a breakout before. Anyway, I had to come to you, Prime Mini ter. Black’  a known Muggle killer and may be planning to rejoin YouKnowWho… But of cour e, you don’t even know who YouKnowWho i !” He had gazed hopele ly at the Prime Mini ter for a moment, then  aid, “Well,  it down,  it down, I’d better fill you in… Have a whi key…” The Prime Mini ter rather re ented being told to  it down in hi  own office, let alone offered hi  own whi key, but he  at neverthele . Fudge pulled out hi  wand, conjured two large gla e  full of amber liquid out of thin air, pu hed one of them into the Prime Mini ter’  hand, and drew up a chair. Fudge had talked for more than an hour. At one point, he had refu ed to  ay a certain name aloud and wrote it in tead on a piece of parchment, which he had thru t into the Prime Mini ter’  whi keyfree hand. When at la t Fudge had  tood up to leave, the Prime Mini ter had  tood up too. “So you think that…” He had  quinted down at the name in hi  left hand. “Lord Vol–“ “HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed!”  narled Fudge. “I’m  orry… You think that HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed i   till alive, then?” “Well, Dumbledore  ay  he i ,”  aid Fudge, a  he had fa tened hi  pin triped cloak under hi  chin, “but we’ve never found him. If you a k me, he’  not dangerou  unle  he’  got  upport,  o it’  Black we ought to be worrying about. You’ll put out that warning, then? Excellent. Well, I hope we don’t  ee each other again, Prime Mini ter! Good night.” But they had  een each other again. Le  than a year later a hara edlooking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Mini ter that there had been a  pot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that wa  what it had  ounded like) World Cup and that  everal Muggle  had been “involved,” but that the Prime Mini ter wa  not to worry, the fact that YouKnowWho’  Mark had been  een again meant nothing; Fudge wa   ure it wa  an i olated incident, and the Muggle Liai on Office wa  dealing with all memory modification  a  they  poke. “Oh, and I almo t forgot,” Fudge had added. “We’re importing three foreign dragon  and a  phinx for the Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature  tell  me that it’  down in the rule book that we have to notify you if we’re bringing highly dangerou  creature  into the country.” “I–what–dragon ?”  pluttered the Prime Mini ter. “Ye , three,”  aid Fudge. “And a  phinx. Well, good day to you.” The Prime Mini ter had hoped beyond hope that dragon  and  phinxe  would be the wor t of it, but no. Le  than two year  later, Fudge had erupted out of the fire yet again, thi  time with the new  that there had been a ma  breakout from Azkaban. “A ma  breakout?” repeated the Prime Mini ter hoar ely. “No need to worry, no need to worry!”  houted Fudge, already with one foot in the flame . “We’ll have them rounded up in no time–ju t thought you ought to know!” And before the Prime Mini ter could  hout, “Now, wait ju t one moment!” Fudge had vani hed in a  hower of green  park . Whatever the pre  and the oppo ition might  ay, the Prime Mini ter wa  not a fooli h man. It had not e caped hi  notice that, de pite Fudge’  a urance  at their fir t meeting, they were now  eeing rather a lot of each other, nor that Fudge wa  becoming more flu tered with each vi it. Little though he liked to think about the Mini ter of Magic (or, a  he alway  called Fudge in hi  head, the Other Mini ter), the Prime Mini ter could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appeared it would be with graver new   till. The  ite, therefore, of Fudge  tepping out of the fire once more, looking di heveled and fretful and  ternly  urpri ed that the Prime Mini ter did not know exactly why he wa  there, wa  about the wor t thing that had happened in the cour e of thi  extremely gloomy week. “How  hould I know what’  going on in the–er–Wizarding community?”  napped the Prime Mini ter now. “I have a country to run and quite enough concern  at the moment without–“ “We have the  ame concern ,” Fudge interrupted. “The Brockdale Bridge didn’t wear out. That wa n’t really a hurricane. Tho e murder  were not the work of Muggle . And Herbert Chorley’  family would be  afer without him. We are currently making arrangement  to have him tran ferred to St. Mungo’  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie . The move  hould be affected tonight.” “What do you… I’m afraid I… What?” blu tered the Prime Mini ter. Fudge took a great, deep breath and  aid, “Prime Mini ter, I am very  orry to have to tell you that he’  back. HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed i  back.” “Back? When you  ay ‘back’… he’  alive? I mean–“ The Prime Mini ter groped in hi  memory for the detail  of that horrible conver ation of three year  previou ly, when Fudge had told him about the wizard who wa  feared above all other , the wizard who had committed a thou and terrible crime  before hi  my teriou  di appearance fifteen year  earlier. “Ye , alive,”  aid Fudge. “That i –I don’t know–i  a man alive if he can’t be killed? I don’t really under tand it, and Dumbledore won’t explain properly–but anyway, he’  certainly got a body and i  walking and talking and killing,  o I  uppo e, for the purpo e  of our di cu ion, ye , he’  alive.” The Prime Mini ter did not know what to  ay to thi , but a per i tent habit of wi hing to appear wellinformed on any  ubject that came up made him ca t around for any detail  he could remember of their previou  conver ation . “I  Seriou  Black with–er–HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed?” “Black? Black?”  aid Fudge di tractedly, turning hi  bowler rapidly in hi  finger . “Siriu  Black, you mean? Merlin’  beard, no. Black’  dead. Turn  out we were–er–mi taken about Black. He wa  innocent after all. And he wa n’t in league with HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed either. I mean,” he added defen ively,  pinning the bowler hat  till fa ter, “all the evidence pointed–we had more than fifty eyewitne e –but anyway, a  I  ay, he’  dead. Murdered, a  a matter of fact. On Mini try of Magic premi e . There’  going to be an inquiry, actually…” To hi  great  urpri e, the Prime Mini ter felt a fleeting  tab of pity for Fudge at thi  point. It wa , however, eclip ed almo t immediately by a glow of  mugne  at the thought that, deficient though he him elf might be in the area of materializing out of fireplace , there had never been a murder in any of the government department  under hi  charge… Not yet, anyway… While the Prime Mini ter  urreptitiou ly touched the wood of hi  de k, Fudge continued, “But Black  bytheby now. The point i , we’re at war, Prime Mini ter, and  tep  mu t be taken.” “At war?” repeated the Prime Mini ter nervou ly. “Surely that’  a little bit of an over tatement?” “HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed ha  now been joined by tho e of hi  follower  who broke out of Azkaban in January,”  aid Fudge,  peaking more and more rapidly and twirling hi  bowler  o fa t that it wa  a limegreen blur. “Since they have moved into the open, they have been wreaking havoc. The Brockdale Bridge–he did it, Prime Mini ter, he threatened a ma  Muggle killing unle  I  tood a ide for him and–“ “Good grief,  o it’  your fault tho e people were killed and I’m having to an wer que tion  about ru ted rigging and corroded expan ion joint  and I don’t know what el e!”  aid the Prime Mini ter furiou ly. “My fault!”  aid Fudge, coloring up. “Are you  aying you would have caved in to blackmail like that?” “Maybe not,”  aid the Prime Mini ter,  tanding up and  triding about the room, “but I would have put all my effort  into catching the blackmailer before he committed any  uch atrocity!” “Do you really think I wa n’t already making every effort?” demanded Fudge heatedly. “Every Auror in the Mini try wa –and i –trying to find him and round up hi  follower , but we happen to be talking about one of the mo t powerful wizard  of all time, a wizard who ha  eluded capture for almo t three decade !” “So I  uppo e you’re going to tell me he cau ed the hurricane in the We t Country too?”  aid the Prime Mini ter, hi  temper ri ing with every pace he took. It wa  infuriating to di cover the rea on for all the e terrible di a ter  and not to be able to tell the public, almo t wor e than it being the government’  fault after all. “That wa  no hurricane,”  aid Fudge mi erably. “Excu e me!” barked the Prime Mini ter, now po itively  tamping up and down. “Tree  uprooted, roof  ripped off, lamppo t  bent, horrible injurie –“ “It wa  the Death Eater ,”  aid Fudge. “HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed’  follower . And… and we  u pect giant involvement.” The Prime Mini ter  topped in hi  track  a  though he had hit an invi ible wall. “What involvement?” Fudge grimaced. “He u ed giant  la t time, when he wanted to go for the grand effect,” he  aid. “The Office of Mi information ha  been working around the clock, we’ve had team  of Obliviator  out trying to modify the memorie  of all the Muggle  who  aw what really happened, we’ve got mo t of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creature  running around Somer et, but we can’t find the giant–it’  been a di a ter.” “You don’t  ay!”  aid the Prime Mini ter furiou ly. “I won’t deny that morale i  pretty low at the Mini try,”  aid Fudge. “What with all that, and then lo ing Amelia Bone .” “Lo ing who?” “Amelia Bone . Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. We think HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed may have murdered her in per on, becau e  he wa  a very gifted witch and–and all the evidence wa  that  he put up a real fight.” Fudge cleared hi  throat and, with an effort, it  eemed,  topped  pinning hi  bowler hat. “But that murder wa  in the new paper ,”  aid the Prime Mini ter, momentarily diverted from hi  anger. “Our new paper . Amelia Bone … it ju t  aid  he wa  a middleaged woman who lived alone. It wa  a–a na ty killing, wa n’t it? It’  had rather a lot of publicity. The police are baffled, you  ee.” Fudge  ighed. “Well, of cour e they are,” he  aid. “Killed in a room that wa  locked from the in ide, wa n’t  he? We, on the other hand, know exactly who did it, not that that get  u  any further toward catching him. And then there wa  Emmeline Vance, maybe you didn’t hear about that one–“ “Oh ye  I did!”  aid the Prime Mini ter. “It happened ju t around the corner from here, a  a matter of fact. The paper  had a field day with it, ‘breakdown of law and order in the Prime Mini ter’  backyard–’” “And a  if all that wa n’t enough,”  aid Fudge, barely li tening to the Prime Mini ter, “we’ve got dementor   warming all over the place, attacking people left, right, and center…” Once upon a happier time thi   entence would have been unintelligible to the Prime Mini ter, but he wa  wi er now. “I thought dementor  guard the pri oner  in Azkaban,” he  aid cautiou ly. “They did,”  aid Fudge wearily. “But not anymore. They’ve de erted the pri on and joined HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed. I won’t pretend that wa n’t a blow.” “But,”  aid the Prime Mini ter, with a  en e of dawning horror, “didn’t you tell me they’re the creature  that drain hope and happine  out of people?” “That’  right. And they’re breeding. That’  what’  cau ing all thi  mi t.” The Prime Mini ter  ank, weakkneed, into the neare t chair. The idea of invi ible creature   wooping through the town  and country ide,  preading de pair and hopele ne  in hi  voter , made him feel quite faint. “Now  ee here, Fudge–you’ve got to do  omething! It’  your re pon ibility a  Mini ter of Magic!” “My dear Prime Mini ter, you can’t hone tly think I’m  till Mini ter of Magic after all thi ? I wa   acked three day  ago! The whole Wizarding community ha  been  creaming for my re ignation for a fortnight. I’ve never known them  o united in my whole term of office!”  aid Fudge, with a brave attempt at a  mile. The Prime Mini ter wa  momentarily lo t for word . De pite hi  indignation at the po ition into which he had been placed, he  till rather felt for the  hrunkenlooking man  itting oppo ite him. “I’m very  orry,” he  aid finally. “If there’  anything I can do?” “It’  very kind of you, Prime Mini ter, but there i  nothing. I wa   ent here tonight to bring you up to date on recent event  and to introduce you to my  ucce or. I rather thought he’d be here by now, but of cour e, he’  very bu y at the moment, with  o much going on.” Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly  ilver wig, who wa  digging in hi  ear with the point of a quill. Catching Fudge’  eye, the portrait  aid, “He’ll be here in a moment, he’  ju t fini hing a letter to Dumbledore.” “I wi h him luck,”  aid Fudge,  ounding bitter for the fir t time. “I’ve been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the pa t fortnight, but he won’t budge. If he’d ju t been prepared to per uade the boy, I might  till be… Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more  ucce .” Fudge  ub ided into what wa  clearly an aggrieved  ilence, but it wa  broken almo t immediately by the portrait, which  uddenly  poke in it  cri p, official voice. “To the Prime Mini ter of Muggle . Reque ting a meeting. Urgent. Kindly re pond immediately. Rufu  Scrimgeour, Mini ter of Magic.” “Ye , ye , fine,”  aid the Prime Mini ter di tractedly, and he barely flinched a  the flame  in the grate turned emerald green again, ro e up, and revealed a  econd  pinning wizard in their heart, di gorging him moment  later onto the antique rug. Fudge got to hi  feet and, after a moment’  he itation, the Prime Mini ter did the  ame, watching the new arrival  traighten up, du t down hi  long black robe , and look around. The Prime Mini ter’  fir t, fooli h thought wa  that Rufu  Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. There were  treak  of gray in hi  mane of tawny hair and hi  bu hy eyebrow ; he had keen yellowi h eye  behind a pair of wirerimmed  pectacle  and a certain rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a  light limp. There wa  an immediate impre ion of  hrewdne  and toughne ; the Prime Mini ter thought he under tood why the Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge a  a leader in the e dangerou  time . “How do you do?”  aid the Prime Mini ter politely, holding out hi  hand. Scrimgeour gra ped it briefly, hi  eye   canning the room, then pulled out a wand from under hi  robe . “Fudge told you everything?” he a ked,  triding over to the door and tapping the keyhole with hi  wand. The Prime Mini ter heard the lock click. “Er–ye ,”  aid the Prime Mini ter. “And if you don’t mind, I’d rather that door remained unlocked.” “I’d rather not be interrupted,”  aid Scrimgeour  hortly, “or watched,” he added, pointing hi  wand at the window ,  o that the curtain   wept acro  them. “Right, well, I’m a bu y man,  o let’  get down lo bu ine . Fir t of all, we need to di cu  your  ecurity.” The Prime Mini ter drew him elf up to hi  fulle t height and replied, “I am perfectly happy with the  ecurity I’ve already got, thank you very–“ “Well, we’re not,” Scrimgeour cut in. “It’ll be a poor lookout for the Muggle  if their Prime Mini ter get  put under the Imperiu  Cur e. The new  ecretary in your outer office–“ “I’m not getting rid of King ley Shacklebolt, if that’  what you’re  ugge ting!”  aid the Prime Mini ter hotly. “He’  highly efficient, get  through twice the work the re t of them–“ “That’  becau e he’  a wizard,”  aid Scrimgeour, without a flicker of a  mile. “A highly trained Auror, who ha  been a igned to you for your protection.” “Now, wait a moment!” declared the Prime Mini ter. “You can’t ju t put your people into my office, I decide who work  for me–“ “I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt?”  aid Scrimgeour coldly. “I am–that’  to  ay, I wa –“ “Then there’  no problem, i  there?”  aid Scrimgeour. “I… well, a  long a  Shacklebolt’  work continue  to be… er… excellent,”  aid the Prime Mini ter lamely, but Scrimgeour barely  eemed to hear him. “Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Mini ter,” he continued. “The one who ha  been entertaining the public by imper onating a duck.” “What about him?” a ked the Prime Mini ter. “He ha  clearly reacted to a poorly performed Imperiu  Cur e,”  aid Scrimgeour. “It’  addled hi  brain , but he could  till be dangerou .” “He’  only quacking!”  aid the Prime Mini ter weakly. “Surely a bit of a re t… Maybe go ea y on the drink…” “A team of Healer  from St. Mungo’  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie  are examining him a  we  peak. So far he ha  attempted to  trangle three of them,”  aid Scrimgeour. “I think it be t that we remove him from Muggle  ociety for a while.” “I… well… He’ll be all right, won’t he?”  aid the Prime Mini ter anxiou ly. Scrimgeour merely  hrugged, already moving back toward the fireplace. “Well, that’  really all I had to  ay. I will keep you po ted of development , Prime Mini ter–or, at lea t, I  hall probably be too bu y to come per onally, in which ca e I  hall  end Fudge here. He ha  con ented to  tay on in an advi ory capacity.” Fudge attempted to  mile, but wa  un ucce ful; he merely looked a  though he had a toothache. Scrimgeour wa  already rummaging in hi  pocket for the my teriou  powder that turned the fire green. The Prime Mini ter gazed hopele ly at the pair of them for a moment, then the word  he had fought to  uppre  all evening bur t from him at la t. “But for heaven’   ake–you’re wizard ! You can do magic! Surely you can  ort out–well–anything!” Scrimgeour turned  lowly on the  pot and exchanged an incredulou  look with Fudge, who really did manage a  mile thi  time a  he  aid kindly, “The trouble i , the other  ide can do magic too, Prime Mini ter.” And with that, the two wizard   tepped one after the other into the bright green fire and vani hed. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 2: Spinner’  End Many mile  away the chilly mi t that had pre ed again t the Prime Mini ter’  window  drifted over a dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbi h trewn bank . An immen e chimney, relic of a di u ed mill, reared up,  hadowy and ominou . There wa  no  ound apart from the whi per of the black water and no  ign of life apart from a  crawny fox that had  lunk down the bank to no e hopefully at  ome old fi handchip wrapping  in the tall gra . But then, with a very faint pop, a  lim, hooded figure appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The fox froze, wary eye  fixed upon thi   trange new phenomenon. The figure  eemed to take it  bearing  for a few moment , then  et off with light, quick  tride , it  long cloak ru tling over the gra . With a  econd and louder pop, another hooded figure materialized. “Wait!” The har h cry  tartled the fox, now crouching almo t flat in the undergrowth. It leapt from it  hiding place and up the bank. There wa  a fla h of green light, a yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead. The  econd figure turned over the animal with it  toe. “Ju t a fox,”  aid a woman’  voice di mi ively from under the hood. “I thought perhap  an Auror–Ci y, wait!” But her quarry, who had pau ed and looked back at the fla h of light, wa  already  crambling up the bank the fox had ju t fallen down. “Ci y–Narci a–li ten to me–“ The  econd woman caught the fir t and  eized her arm, but the other wrenched it away. “Go back, Bella!” “You mu t li ten to me!” “I’ve li tened already. I’ve made my deci ion. Leave me alone!” The woman named Narci a gained the top of the bank, where a line of old railing   eparated the river from a narrow, cobbled  treet. The other woman, Bella, followed at once. Side by  ide they  tood looking acro  the road at the row  and row  of dilapidated brick hou e , their window  dull and blind in the darkne . “He live  here?” a ked Bella in a voice of contempt. “Here? In thi  Muggle dunghill? We mu t be the fir t of our kind ever to  et foot–“ But Narci a wa  not li tening;  he had  lipped through a gap in the ru ty railing  and wa  already hurrying acro  the road. “Ci y, waitl” Bella followed, her cloak  treaming behind, and  aw Narci a darting through an alley between the hou e  into a  econd, almo t identical  treet. Some of the  treetlamp  were broken; the two women were running between patche  of light and deep darkne . The pur uer caught up with her prey ju t a   he turned another corner, thi  time  ucceeding in catching hold of her arm and  winging her around  o that they faced each other. “Ci y, you mu t not do thi , you can’t tru t him–“ “The Dark Lord tru t  him, doe n’t he?” “The Dark Lord i … I believe… mi taken,” Bella panted, and her eye  gleamed momentarily under her hood a   he looked around to check that they were indeed alone. “In any ca e, we were told not to  peak of the plan to anyone. Thi  i  a betrayal of the Dark Lord’ –“ “Let go, Bella!”  narled Narci a, and  he drew a wand from beneath her cloak, holding it threateningly in the other’  face. Bella merely laughed. “Ci y, your own  i ter? You wouldn’t–“ “There i  nothing I wouldn’t do anymore!” Narci a breathed, a note of hy teria in her voice, and a   he brought down the wand like a knife, there wa  another fla h of light. Bella let go of her  i ter’  arm a  though burned. “Narci a!” But Narci a had ru hed ahead. Rubbing her hand, her pur uer followed again, keeping her di tance now, a  they moved deeper into the de erted labyrinth of brick hou e . At la t, Narci a hurried up a  treet named Spinner’  End, over which the towering mill chimney  eemed to hover like a giant admonitory finger. Her foot tep  echoed on the cobble  a   he pa ed boarded and broken window , until  he reached the very la t hou e, where a dim light glimmered through the curtain  in a down tair  room. She had knocked on the door before Bella, cur ing under her breath, had caught up. Together they  tood waiting, panting  lightly, breathing in the  mell of the dirty river that wa  carried to them on the night breeze. After a few  econd , they heard movement behind the door and it opened a crack. A  liver of a man could be  een looking out at them, a man with long black hair parted in curtain  around a  allow face and black eye . Narci a threw back her hood. She wa   o pale that  he  eemed to  hine in the darkne ; the long blonde hair  treaming down her back gave her the look of a drowned per on. “Narci a!”  aid the man, opening the door a little wider,  o that the light fell upon her and her  i ter too. “What a plea ant  urpri e! “Severu ,”  he  aid in a  trained whi per. “May I  peak to you? It’  urgent.” “But of cour e.” He  tood back to allow her to pa  him into the hou e. Her  tillhooded  i ter followed without invitation. “Snape,”  he  aid curtly a   he pa ed him. “Bellatrix,” he replied, hi  thin mouth curling into a  lightly mocking  mile a  he clo ed the door with a  nap behind them. They had  tepped directly into a tiny  itting room, which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The wall  were completely covered in book , mo t of them bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare  ofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table  tood grouped together in a pool of dim light ca t by a candlefilled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place had an air of neglect, a  though it wa  not u ually inhabited. Snape ge tured Narci a to the  ofa. She threw off her cloak, ca t it a ide, and  at down,  taring at her white and trembling hand  cla ped in her lap. Bellatrix lowered her hood more  lowly. Dark a  her  i ter wa  fair, with heavily lidded eye  and a  trong jaw,  he did not take her gaze from Snape a   he moved to  tand behind Narci a. “So, what can I do for you?” Snape a ked,  ettling him elf in the armchair oppo ite the two  i ter . “We… we are alone, aren’t we?” Narci a a ked quietly. ‘Ye , of cour e. Well, Wormtail’  here, but we’re not counting vermin, are we?” He pointed hi  wand at the wall of book  behind him and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a narrow  tairca e upon which a  mall man  tood frozen. “A  you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have gue t ,”  aid Snape lazily. The man crept, hunchbacked, down the la t few  tep  and moved into the room. He had  mall, watery eye , a pointed no e, and wore an unplea ant  imper. Hi  left hand wa  care ing hi  right, which looked a  though it wa  enca ed in a bright  ilver glove. “Narci a!” he  aid, in a  queaky voice. “And Bellatrix! How charming–“ “Wormtail will get u  drink , if you’d like them,”  aid Snape. “And then he will return to hi  bedroom.” Wormtail winced a  though Snape had thrown  omething at him. “I am not your  ervant!” he  queaked, avoiding Snape’  eye. “Really? I wa  under the impre ion that the Dark Lord placed you here to a i t me.” “To a i t, ye –but not to make you drink  and–and clean your hou e!” “I had no idea, Wormtail, that you were craving more dangerou  a ignment ,”  aid Snape  ilkily. “Thi  can be ea ily arranged: I  hall  peak to the Dark Lord–“ “I can  peak to him my elf if I want to!” “Of cour e you can,”  aid Snape,  neering. “But in the meantime, bring u  drink . Some of the elfmade wine will do.” Wormtail he itated for a moment, looking a  though he might argue, but then turned and headed through a  econd hidden door. They heard banging and a clinking of gla e . Within  econd  he wa  back, bearing a du ty bottle and three gla e  upon a tray. He dropped the e on the rickety table and  curried from their pre ence,  lamming the bookcovered door behind him. Snape poured out three gla e  of bloodred wine and handed two of them to the  i ter . Narci a murmured a word of thank , whil t Bellatrix  aid nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. Thi  did not  eem to di compo e him; on the contrary, he looked rather amu ed. “The Dark Lord,” he  aid, rai ing hi  gla  and draining it. The  i ter  copied him. Snape refilled their gla e . A  Narci a took her  econd drink  he  aid in a ru h, “Severu , I’m  orry to come here like thi , but I had to  ee you. I think you are the only one who can help me–“ Snape held up a hand to  top her, then pointed hi  wand again at the concealed  tairca e door. There wa  a loud bang and a  queal, followed by the  ound of Wormtail  currying back up the  tair . “My apologie ,”  aid Snape. “He ha  lately taken to li tening at door , I don’t know what he mean  by it… You were  aying, Narci a?” She took a great,  huddering breath and  tarted again. “Severu , I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to  ay nothing to anyone, but–“ “Then you ought to hold your tongue!”  narled Bellatrix. “Particularly in pre ent company!” ‘”Pre ent company’?” repeated Snape  ardonically. “And what am I to under tand by that, Bellatrix?” “That I don’t tru t you, Snape, a  you very well know!” Narci a let out a noi e that might have been a dry  ob and covered her face with her hand . Snape  et hi  gla  down upon the table and  at back again, hi  hand  upon the arm  of hi  chair,  miling into Bellatrix’  glowering face. “Narci a, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix i  bur ting to  ay; it will  ave tediou  interruption . Well, continue, Bellatrix,”  aid Snape. “Why i  it that you do not tru t me?” “A hundred rea on !”  he  aid loudly,  triding out from behind the  ofa to  lam her gla  upon the table. “Where to  tart! Where were you when the Dark Lord fell? Why did you never make any attempt to find him when he vani hed? What have you been doing all the e year  that you’ve lived in Dumbledore’  pocket? Why did you  top the Dark Lord procuring the Sorcerer’  Stone? Why did you not return at once when the Dark Lord wa  reborn? Where were you a few week  ago when we battled to retrieve the prophecy for the Dark Lord? And why, Snape, i  Harry Potter  till alive, when you have had him at your mercy for five year ?” She pau ed, her che t ri ing and falling rapidly, the color high in her cheek . Behind her, Narci a  at motionle , her face  till hidden in her hand . Snape  miled. “Before I an wer you — oh ye , Bellatrix, I am going to an wer! You can carry my word  back to the other  who whi per behind my back, and carry fal e tale  of my treachery to the Dark Lord! Before I an wer you, I  ay, let me a k a que tion in turn. Do you really think that the Dark Lord ha  not a ked me each and every one of tho e que tion ? And do you really think that, had I not been able to give  ati factory an wer , I would be  itting here talking to you?” She he itated. “I know he believe  you, but…” “You think he i  mi taken? Or that I have  omehow hoodwinked him? Fooled the Dark Lord, the greate t wizard, the mo t accompli hed Legilimen  the world ha  ever  een?” Bellatrix  aid nothing, but looked, for the fir t time, a little di comfited. Snape did not pre  the point. He picked up hi  drink again,  ipped it, and continued, “You a k where I wa  when the Dark Lord fell. I wa  where he had ordered me to be, at Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, becau e he wi hed me to  py upon Albu  Dumbledore. You know, I pre ume, that it wa  on the Dark Lord’  order  that I took up the po t?” She nodded almo t imperceptibly and then opened her mouth, but Snape fore talled her. “You a k why I did not attempt to find him when he vani hed. For the  ame rea on that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrow , Greyback, Luciu ” — he inclined hi  head  lightly to Narci a — “and many other  did not attempt to find him. I believed him fini hed. I am not proud of it, I wa  wrong, but there it i … If he had not forgiven we who lo t faith at that time, he would have very few follower  left.” “He’d have me!”  aid Bellatrix pa ionately. “I, who  pent many year  in Azkaban for him!” “Ye , indeed, mo t admirable,”  aid Snape in a bored voice. “Of i nur e, you weren’t a lot of u e to him in pri on, but the ge ture wa  undoubtedly fine —” “Ge ture!”  he  hrieked; in her fury  he looked  lightly mad. “While I endured the dementor , you remained at Hogwart , comlortably playing Dumbledore’  pet!” “Not quite,”  aid Snape calmly. “He wouldn’t give me the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  job, you know. Seemed to think it might, ah, bring about a relap e ,.. tempt me into my old way .” “Thi  wa  your  acrifice for the Dark Lord, not to teach your favorite  ubject?”  he jeered. “Why did you  tay there all that time, Snape? Still  pying on Dumbledore for a ma ter you believed dead?” “Hardly,”  aid Snape, “although the Dark Lord i  plea ed that I never de erted my po t: I had  ixteen year  of information on Dumbledore to give him when he returned, a rather more u eful welcomeback pre ent than endle  remini cence  of how unplea ant Azkaban i …” “But you  tayed —” “Ye , Bellatrix, I  tayed,”  aid Snape, betraying a hint of impatience for the fir t time. “I had a comfortable job that I preferred to a  tint in Azkaban. They were rounding up the Death Eater , you know. Dumbledore’  protection kept me out of jail; it wa  mo t convenient and I u ed it. I repeat: The Dark Lord doe  not complain that I  tayed,  o I do not  ee why you do. “I think you next wanted to know,” he pre ed on, ;i little more loudly, for Bellatrix  howed every  ign of interrupting, “why I  tood between the Dark Lord and the Sorcerer’  Stone. That i  ea ily an wered. He did not know whether he could tru t me. He thought, like you, that I had turned from faithful Death Eater to Dumbledore’   tooge. He wa  in a pitiable condition, very weak,  haring the body of a mediocre wizard. He did not dare reveal him elf to a former ally if that ally might turn him over to Dumbledore or the Mini try. I deeply regret that he did not tru t me. He would have returned to power three year   ooner. A  it wa , I  aw only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempting to  teal the  tone and, I admit, I did all I could to thwart him.” Bellatrix’  mouth twi ted a  though  he had taken an unplea ant do e of medicine. “But you didn’t return when he came back, you didn’t fly back to him at once when you felt the Dark Mark burn —” “Correct. I returned two hour  later. I returned on Dumbledore’  order .” “On Dumbledore’  — ?”  he began, in tone  of outrage. “Think!”  aid Snape, impatient again. “Think! By waiting two hour , ju t two hour , I en ured that I could remain at Hogwart  a  a  py! By allowing Dumbledore to think that I wa  only returning to the Dark Lord’   ide becau e I wa  ordered to, I have been able to pa  information on Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix ever  ince! Con ider, Bellatrix: The Dark Mark had been growing  tronger for month . I knew he mu t be about to return, all the Death Eater  knew! I had plenty of time to think about what I wanted to do, to plan my next move, to e cape like Karkaroff, didn’t I? “The Dark Lord’  initial di plea ure at my latene  vani hed entirely, 1 a ure you, when I explained that 1 remained faithful, although Dumbledore thought I wa  hi  man. Ye , the Dark Lord thought that I had left him forever, but he wa  wrong.” “But what u e have you been?”  neered Bellatrix. “What u eful information have we had from you?” “My information ha  been conveyed directly to the Dark Lord,”  aid Snape. “If he choo e  not to  hare it with you —” “He  hare  everything with me!”  aid Bellatrix, firing up at once. “He call  me hi  mo t loyal, hi  mo t faithful —” “Doe  he?”  aid Snape, hi  voice delicately inflected to  ugge t hi  di belief. “Doe  he  till, after the fia co at the Mini try?” “That wa  not my fault!”  aid Bellatrix, flu hing. “The Dark Lord ha , in the pa t, entru ted me with hi  mo t preciou  — if Luciu  hadn’t —” “Don’t you dare — don’t you dare blame my hu band!”  aid Narci a, in a low and deadly voice, looking up at her  i ter. “There i  no point apportioning blame,”  aid Snape  moothly. “What i  done, i  done.” “But not by you!”  aid Bellatrix furiou ly. “No, you were once again ab ent while the re t of u  ran danger , were you not, Snape?” “My order  were to remain behind,”  aid Snape. “Perhap  you di agree with the Dark Lord, perhap  you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if I had joined force  with the Death Eater  to fight the Order of the Phoenix? And — forgive me — you  peak of danger … you were facing  ix teenager , were you not?” “They were joined, a  you very well know, by half of the Order before long!”  narled Bellatrix. “And, while we are on the  ubject of the Order, you  till claim you cannot reveal the whereabout  of their headquarter , don’t you?” “I am not the SecretKeeper; I cannot  peak the name of the place. You under tand how the enchantment work , I think? The Dark Lord i   ati fied with the information I have pa ed him on the Order. It led, a  perhap  you have gue ed, to the recent capture and murder of Emmeline Vance, and it certainly helped di po e of Siriu  Black, though I give you full credit for fini hing him off.” He inclined hi  head and toa ted her. Her expre ion did nor  often. “You are avoiding my la t que tion, Snape. Harry Potter. You could have killed him at any point in the pa t five year . You have not done it. Why?” “Have you di cu ed thi  matter with the Dark Lord?” a ked Snape. “He… lately, we… I am a king you, Snape!” “If I had murdered Harry Potter, the Dark Lord could not have u ed hi  blood to regenerate, making him invincible —” “You claim you fore aw hi  u e of the boy!”  he jeered. “I do not claim it; I had no idea of hi  plan ; I have already confe ed that I thought the Dark Lord dead. I am merely trying to explain why the Dark Lord i  not  orry that Potter  urvived, at lea t until a year ago…” “But why did you keep him alive?” “Have you not under tood me? It wa  only Dumbledore’  protection that wa  keeping me out of Azkaban! Do you di agree that murdering hi  favorite  tudent might have turned him again t me? But there wa  more to it than that. I  hould remind you that when Potter fir t arrived at Hogwart  there were  till many  torie  circulating about him, rumor  that he him elf wa  a great Dark wizard, which wa  how he had  urvived the Dark Lord’  attack. Indeed, many of the Dark Lord  old follower  thought Potter might be a  tandard around which we could all rally once more. I wa  curiou , 1 admit it, and not at all inclined to murder him the moment he  et fool in the ca tle. “Of cour e, it became apparent to me very quickly that he had no extraordinary talent at all. He ha  fought hi  way out of a number of tight corner  by a  imple combination of  heer luck and more talented friend . He i  mediocre to the la t degree, though a  obnoxiou  and  elf ati fied a  wa  hi  father before him. I have done my utmo t to have him thrown out of Hogwart , where I believe he  carcely belong , but kill him, or allow him to be killed in front of me? I would have been a fool to ri k it with Dumbledore clo e at hand.” “And through all thi  we are  uppo ed to believe Dumbledore ha  never  u pected you?” a ked Bellatrix. “He ha  no idea of your true allegiance, he tru t  you implicitly  till?” “I have played my part well,”  aid Snape. “And you overlook Dumbledore’  greate t weakne : He ha  to believe the be t of people. I  pun him a tale of deepe t remor e when I joined hi   taff, fre h from my Death Eater day , and he embraced me with open arm  — though, a  I  ay, never allowing me nearer the Dark Art  than he could help. Dumbledore ha  been a great wizard — oh ye , he ha ,” (for Bellatrix had made a  cathing noi e), “the Dark Lord acknowledge  it. I am plea ed to  ay, however, that Dumbledore i  growing old. The duel with the Dark Lord la t month  hook him. He ha   ince  u tained a  eriou  injury becau e hi  reaction  are  lower than they once were. But through all the e year , he ha  never  topped tru ting Severu  Snape, and therein lie  my great value to the Dark Lord.” Bellatrix  till looked unhappy, though  he appeared un ure how be t to attack Snape next. Taking advantage of her  ilence, Snape turned to her  i ter. “Now… you came to a k me for help, Narci a?” Narci a looked up at him, her face eloquent with de pair. “Ye , Severu . I — I think you are the only one who can help me, I have nowhere el e to turn. Luciu  i  in jail and…” She clo ed her eye  and two large tear   eeped from beneath her eyelid . “The Dark Lord ha  forbidden me to  peak of it,” Narci a continued, her eye   till clo ed. “He wi he  none to know of the plan. It i … very  ecret. But —” “If he ha  forbidden it, you ought not to  peak,”  aid Snape at once. “The Dark Lord’  word i  law.” Narci a ga ped a  though he had dou ed her with cold water. Bellatrix looked  ati fied for the fir t time  ince  he had entered the hou e. “There!”  he  aid triumphantly to her  i ter. “Even Snape  ay   o: You were told not to talk,  o hold your  ilence!” But Snape had gotten to hi  feet and  trode to the  mall window, peered through the curtain  at the de erted  treet, then clo ed them again with a jerk. He turned around to face Narci a, frowning. “It  o happen  that I know of the plan,” he  aid in a low voice. “I am one of the few the Dark Lord ha  told. Neverthele , had I not been in on the  ecret, Narci a, you would have been guilty of great treachery to the Dark Lord.” “I thought you mu t know about it!”  aid Narci a, breathing more freely. “He tru t  you  o, Severu …” “You know about the plan?”  aid Bellatrix, her fleeting expre ion of  ati faction replaced by a look of outrage. “You know?” “Certainly,”  aid Snape. “But what help do you require, Narci a? If you are imagining I can per uade the Dark Lord to change hi  mind, I am afraid there i  no hope, none at all.” “Severu ,”  he whi pered, tear   liding down her pale cheek . “My  on… my only  on…” “Draco  hould be proud,”  aid Bellatrix indifferently. “The Dark I ,ord i  granting him a great honor. And I will  ay thi  for Draco: I Ic i n’t  hrinking away from hi  duty, he  eem  glad of a chance to prove him elf, excited at the pro pect —” Narci a began to cry in earne t, gazing be eechingly all the while at Snape. “That’  becau e he i   ixteen and ha  no idea what lie  in  tore! Why, Severu ? Why my  on? It i  too dangerou ! Thi  i  vengeance lor Luciu ’  mi take, I know it!” Snape  aid nothing. He looked away from the  ight of her tear  a  though they were indecent, but he could not pretend not to hear her. “That’  why he’  cho en Draco, i n’t it?”  he per i ted. “To puni h Luciu ?” “If Draco  ucceed ,”  aid Snape,  till looking away from her, “he will be honored above all other .” “But he won’t  ucceed!”  obbed Narci a. “How can he, when the Dark Lord him elf— ?” Bellatrix ga ped; Narci a  eemed to lo e her nerve. “I only meant… that nobody ha  yet  ucceeded… Severu … plea e… You are, you have alway  been, Draco’  favorite teacher… You are Luciu ’  old friend… I beg you… You are the Dark Lord’  favorite, hi  mo t tru ted advi or… Will you  peak to him, per uade him — ?” “The Dark Lord will not be per uaded, and I am not  tupid enough to attempt it,”  aid Snape flatly. “I cannot pretend that the Dark Lord i  not angry with Luciu . Luciu  wa   uppo ed to be in charge. He got him elf captured, along with how many other , and failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Ye , the Dark Lord i  angry, Narci a, very angry indeed.” “Then I am right, he ha  cho en Draco in revenge!” choked Narci a. “He doe  not mean him to  ucceed, he want  him to be killed trying!” When Snape  aid nothing, Narci a  eemed to lo e what little  elfre traint  he  till po e ed. Standing up,  he  taggered to Snape and  eized the front of hi  robe . Her face clo e to hi , her tear  falling onto hi  che t,  he ga ped, “You could do it. You could do it in tead of Draco, Severu . You would  ucceed, of cour e you would, and he would reward you beyond all of u  —” Snape caught hold of her wri t  and removed her clutching hand . Looking down into her tear tained face, he  aid  lowly, “He intend  me to do it in the end, I think. But he i  determined that Draco  hould try fir t. You  ee, in the unlikely event that Draco  ucceed , I  hall be able to remain at Hogwart  a little longer, fulfilling my u eful role a   py.” “In other word , it doe n’t matter to him if Draco i  killed!” “The Dark Lord i  very angry,” repeated Snape quietly. “He failed to hear the prophecy. You know a  well a  I do, Narci a, that he doe  not forgive ea ily.” She crumpled, falling at hi  feet,  obbing and moaning on the (loor. “My only  on… my only  on…” “You  hould be proud!”  aid Bellatrix ruthle ly. “If I had  on , I would be glad to give them up to the  ervice of the Dark Lord!” Narci a gave a little  cream of de pair and clutched at her long blonde hair. Snape  tooped,  eized her by the arm , lifted her up, iind  teered her back onto the  ofa. He then poured her more wine iind forced the gla  into her hand. “Narci a, that’  enough. Drink thi . Li ten to me.” She quieted a little;  lopping wine down her elf,  he took a  haky  ip. “It might be po ible… for me to help Draco.” She  at up, her face paperwhite, her eye  huge. “Severu  — oh, Severu  — you would help him? Would you look after him,  ee he come  to no harm?” “I can try.” She flung away her gla ; it  kidded acro  the table a   he  lid off the  ofa into a kneeling po ition at Snape’  feet,  eized hi  hand in both of her , and pre ed her lip  to it. “If you are there to protect him… Severu , will you  wear it? Will you make the Unbreakable Vow?” “The Unbreakable Vow?” Snape’  expre ion wa  blank, unreadable. Bellatrix, however, let out a cackle of triumphant laughter. “Aren’t you li tening, Narci a? Oh, he’ll try, I’m  ure… The u ual empty word , the u ual  lithering out of action… oh, on the Dark Lord’  order , of cour e!” Snape did not look at Bellatrix. Hi  black eye  were fixed upon Narci a’  tearfilled blue one  a   he continued to clutch hi  hand. “Certainly, Narci a, I  hall make the Unbreakable Vow,” he  aid quietly. “Perhap  your  i ter will con ent to be our Bonder.” Bellatrix’  mouth fell open. Snape lowered him elf  o that he wa  kneeling oppo ite Narci a. Beneath Bellatrix’  a toni hed gaze, they gra ped right hand . “You will need your wand, Bellatrix,”  aid Snape coldly. She drew it,  till looking a toni hed. “And you will need to move a little clo er,” he  aid. She  tepped forward  o that  he  tood over them, and placed the tip of her wand on their linked hand . Narci a  poke. “Will you, Severu , watch over my  on, Draco, a  he attempt  ta fulfill the Dark Lord’  wi he ?” “I will,”  aid Snape. A thin tongue of brilliant flame i ued from the wand and wound it  way around their hand  like a redhot wire. “And will you, to the be t of your ability, protect him from harm?” “I will,”  aid Snape. A  econd tongue of flame  hot from the wand and interlinked with the fir t, making a fine, glowing chain. “And,  hould it prove nece ary… if it  eem  Draco will fail…” whi pered Narci a (Snape’  hand twitched within her , but he did not draw away), “will you carry out the deed that the Dark Lord ha  ordered Draco to perform?” There wa  a moment’   ilence. Bellatrix watched, her wand upon their cla ped hand , her eye  wide. “I will,”  aid Snape. Bellatrix’  a tounded face glowed red in the blaze of a third unique flame, which  hot from the wand, twi ted with the other , and bound it elf thickly around their cla ped hand , like a fiery  nake. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 3: Will And Won’t Harry Potter wa   noring loudly. He had been  itting in a chair be ide hi  bedroom window for the be t part of four hour ,  taring out at the darkening  treet, and had finally fallen a leep with one  ide of hi  face pre ed again t the cold windowpane, hi  gla e  a kew and hi  mouth wide open. The mi ty fug hi  breath had left on the window  parkled in the orange glare of the  treetlamp out ide, and the artificial light drained hi  face of all color,  o that he looked gho tly beneath hi   hock of untidy black hair. The room wa   trewn with variou  po e ion  and a good  mattering of rubbi h. Owl feather , apple core , and  weet wrapper  littered the floor, a number of  pellbook  lay higgledypiggledy among the tangled robe  on hi  bed, and a me  of new paper   at in a puddle of light on hi  de k. The headline of one blared: HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE? Rumor  continue to fly about the my teriou  recent di turbance at the Mini try of Magic, during which HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed wa   ighted once more. “We’re not allowed to talk about it, don’t a k me anything”  aid one agitated Obliviator, who refu ed to give hi  name a  he left the Mini try la t night. Neverthele , highly placed  ource  within the Mini try have confirmed that the di turbance centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy. Though Mini try  poke wizard  have hitherto refu ed even to confirm the exi tence of  uch a place, a growing number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eater  now  erving  entence  in Azkaban for tre pa  and attempted theft were attempting to  teal a prophecy. The nature of that prophecy i  unknown, although  peculation i  rife that it concern  Harry Potter, the only per on ever known to have  urvived the Killing Cur e, and who i  al o known to have been at the Mini try on the night in que tion. Some are going  o far a  to call Potter “the Cho en One,” believing that the prophecy name  him a  the only one who will be able to rid u  of HeWhoMu tNo tBeNamed. The current whereabout  of the prophecy, if it exi t , are unknown, although {ctd. page2, column 5) A  econd new paper lay be ide die fir t. Thi  one bore die headline: SCRIMGEOUR SUCCEEDS FUDGE Mo t of thi  front page wa  taken up with a large blackandwhite picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. The picture wa  moving — the man wa  waving at the ceiling. Rufu  Scrimgeour, previou ly Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, ha   ucceeded Corneliu  Fudge a  Mini ter of Magic. The appointment ha  largely been greeted with enthu ia m by the Wizardmg community, though rumor  of a rift between the new Mini ter and Albu  Dumbledore, newly rein tated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot,  urfaced within hour  of Scrimgeour taking office. Scrimgeour  repre entative  admitted that he had met with Dumbledore at once upon taking po e ion of the top job, but refu ed to comment on the topic  under di cu ion. Albu  Dumbledore i  known to (ctd. page 3, column 2) To the left of thi  paper  at another, which had been folded  o that a  tory bearing the title mini try guarantee   tudent ’  apety wa  vi ible. Newly appointed Mini ter of Magic, Rufu  Scrimgeour,  poke today of the tough new mea ure  taken by hi  Mini try to en ure the  afety of  tudent  returning to Hogwart  School of Witchcraft and Wizardry thi  autumn. “For obviou  rea on , the Mini try will not be going into detail about it   tringent new  ecurity plan ,”  aid the Mini ter, although an in ider confirmed that mea ure  include defen ive  pell  and charm , a complex array of countercur e , and a  mall ta k force of Auror  dedicated  olely to the protection of Hogwart  School. Mo t  eem rea ured by the new Mini ter’  tough  tand on  tudent  afety. Said Mr . Augu ta Longbottom, “My grand on, Neville — a good friend of Harry Potter’ , incidentally, who fought the Death Eater  along ide him at the Mini try in June and — But the re t of thi   tory wa  ob cured by the large birdcage. tanding on top of it. In ide it wa  a magnificent  nowy owl. Her amber eye   urveyed the room imperiou ly, her head  wiveling occa ionally to gaze at her  noring ma ter. Once or twice  he clicked her beak impatiently, but Harry wa  too deeply a leep to hear her. A large trunk  tood in the very middle of the room. It  lid wa  open; it looked expectant; yet it wa  almo t empty but for a re idue of old underwear,  weet , empty ink bottle , and broken quill  that coated the very bottom. Nearby, on the floor, lay a purple leaflet emblazoned with the word : —-ISSUED ON BEHALF OF—- The Mini try of Magic PROTECTING YOUR HOME AND FAMILY AGAINST DARK FORCES The Wizarding community i  currently under threat from an organization calling it elf the Death Eater . Ob erving the following  imple  ecurity guideline  will help protect you, your family, and your home from attack. 1. You are advi ed not to leave the hou e alone. 2. Particular care  hould be taken during the hour  of darkne . Wherever po ible, arrange to complete journey  before night ha  fallen. 3. Review the  ecurity arrangement  around your hou e, making  ure that all family member  are aware of emergency mea ure   uch a  Shield and Di illu ionment Charm , and, in the ca e of underage family member , SideAlongApparition. 4. Agree on  ecurity que tion  with clo e friend  and family  o a  to detect Death Eater  ma querading a  other  by u e of the Polyjuice Potion ( ee page 2). 5. Should you feel that a family member, colleague, friend, or neighbor i  acting in a  trange manner, contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad at once. They may have been put under the Imperiu  Cur e ( ee page 4). 6. Should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling place or other building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact the Auror office immediately. 7. Unconfirmed  ighting   ugge t that the Death Eater  may now be u ing Inferi ( ee page 10). Any  ighting of an Inferiu , or encounter with  ame,  hould be reported to the Mini try IMMEDIATELY. Harry grunted in hi   leep and hi  face  lid down the window an inch or  o, making hi  gla e   till more lop ided, but he did not wake up. An alarm clock, repaired by Harry  everal year  ago, ticked loudly on the  ill,  howing one minute to eleven. Be ide it, held in place by Harry’  relaxed hand, wa  a piece of parchment covered in thin,  lanting writing. Harry had read thi  letter  o often  ince it  arrival three day  ago that although it had been delivered in a tightly furled  croll, it now lay quite flat. Dear Harry, If it i  convenient to you, I  hall call at number four, Privet Drive thi  coming Friday at eleven p.m. to e cort you to the Burrow, where you have been invited to  pend the remainder of your  chool holiday . If you are agreeable, I  hould al o be glad of your a i tance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the Burrow. I  hall explain thi  more fully when I  ee you. Kindly  end your an wer by return of thi  owl. Hoping to  ee you thi  Friday, I am your  mo t  incerely, Albu  Dumbledore Though he already knew it by heart, Harry had been  tealing glance  at thi  mi ive every few minute   ince  even o’clock that evening, when he had fir t taken up hi  po ition be ide hi  bedroom window, which had a rea onable view of both end  of Privet Drive. He knew it wa  pointle  to keep rereading Dumbledore’  word ; Harry had  ent back hi  “ye ” with the delivering owl, a  reque ted, and all he could do now wa  wait: Either Dumbledore wa  going to come, or he wa  not. But Harry had not packed. It ju t  eemed too good to be true that he wa  going to be re cued from the Dur ley  after a mere fortnight of their company. He could not  hrug off the feeling that  omething wa  going to go wrong — hi  reply to Dumbledore’  letter might have gone a tray; Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting him; the letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. The only ge ture he had made to the po ibility of a journey wa  to  hut hi   nowy owl, Hedwig,  afely in her cage. The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that preci e moment, the  treetlamp out ide the window went out. Harry awoke a  though the  udden darkne  were an alarm. Ha tily  traightening hi  gla e  and un ticking hi  cheek from the gla , he pre ed hi  no e again t the window in tead and  quinted down at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak wa  walking up the garden path. Harry jumped up a  though he had received an electric  hock, knocked over hi  chair, and  tarted  natching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing it into the trunk. Then a  he lobbed a  et of robe , two  pellbook , and a packet of cla p  acro  the room, the doorbell rang. Down tair  in the living room hi  Uncle Vernon  houted, “Who the blaze  i  calling at thi  lime of night?” Harry froze with a bra  tele cope in one hand and a pair of trainer  in the other. He had completely forgotten to warn the Dur ley  that Dumbledore might be coming. Feeling both panicky mid clo e to laughter, he clambered over the trunk and wrenched open hi  bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice  ay, “Good evening. You mu t be Mr. Dur ley. I dare ay Harry ha  told you I would be coming for him?” Harry ran down the  tair  two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt  everal  tep  from the bottom, a  long experience had taught him to remain out of arm’  reach of hi  uncle whenever po ible. There in the doorway  tood a tall, thin man with wai tlength  ilver hair and beard. Halfmoon  pectacle  were perched on hi  crooked no e, and he wa  wearing a long black traveling cloak and.1 pointed hat. Vernon Dur ley, who e mu tache wa  quite a  bu hy a  Dumbledore’ , though black, and who wa  wearing a puce dre ing gown, wa   taring at the vi itor a  though he could not believe hi  tiny eye . “Judging by your look of  tunned di belief, Harry did not warn you that I wa  coming,”  aid Dumbledore plea antly. “However, let u  a ume that you have invited me warmly into your hou e. It i  unwi e to linger overlong on door tep  in the e troubled time .” He  tepped  martly over the thre hold and clo ed the front door behind him. “It i  a long time  ince my la t vi it,”  aid Dumbledore, peering down hi  crooked no e at Uncle Vernon. “I mu t  ay, your agapanthu  are flouri hing.” Vernon Dur ley  aid nothing at all. Harry did not doubt that  peech would return to him, and  oon — the vein pul ing in hi  uncle  temple wa  reaching danger point — but  omething about Dumbledore  eemed to have robbed him temporarily of breath. It might have been the blatant wizardi hne  of hi  appearance, but it might, too, have been that even Uncle Vernon could  en e that here wa  a man whom it would be very difficult to bully. “Ah, good evening Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, looking up at him through hi  halfmoon gla e  with a mo t  ati fied expre ion. “Excellent, excellent.” The e word   eemed to rou e Uncle Vernon. It wa  clear that a  far a  he wa  concerned, any man who could look at Harry and  ay “excellent” wa  a man with whom he could never  ee eye to eye. “I don’t mean to be rude —” he began, in a tone that threatened rudene  in every  yllable. “–yet,  adly, accidental rudene  occur  alarmingly often,” Dumbledore fini hed the  entence gravely. “Be t to  ay nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and thi  mu t be Petunia.” The kitchen door had opened, and there  tood Harry’  aunt, wearing rubber glove  and a hou ecoat over her nightdre , clearly halfway through her u ual prebedtime wipedown of all the kitchen  urface . Her rather hor ey face regi tered nothing but  hock. “Albu  Dumbledore,”  aid Dumbledore, when Uncle Vernon failed to effect an introduction. “We have corre ponded, of cour e.” Harry thought thi  an odd way of reminding Aunt Petunia that he had once  ent her an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not challenge the term. “And thi  mu t be your  on, Dudley?” Dudley had that moment peered round the living room door, hi  large, blond head ri ing out of the  tripy collar of hi  pajama  looked oddly di embodied, hi  mouth gaping in a toni hment and I car. Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to  ee whether any of the Dur ley  were going to  ay anything, but a  the •.ilcncc  tretched on he  miled. “Shall we a ume that you have invited me into your  itting room?” Dudley  crambled out of the way a  Dumbledore pa ed him. I lurry,  till clutching the tele cope and trainer , jumped the la t lew  tair  and followed Dumbledore, who had  ettled him elf in i he armchair neare t the fire and wa  taking in the  urrounding  wilh an expre ion of benign intere t. He looked quite extraordinarily out of place. “Aren’t —- aren’t we leaving,  ir?” Harry a ked anxiou ly. “Ye , indeed we are, but there are a few matter  we need to di i u .  fir t,”  aid Dumbledore. “And I would prefer not to do  o in (he open. We  hall tre pa  upon your aunt and uncle’  ho pitality only a little longer.” “You will, will you?” Vernon Dur ley had entered the room, Petunia at hi   houlder, iind Dudley  kulking behind them both. “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore  imply, “I  hall.” He drew hi  wand  o rapidly that Harry barely  aw it; with a ca ual flick, the  ofa zoomed forward and knocked the knee  out from under all three of the Dur ley   o that they collap ed upon it in a heap. Another flick of the wand and the  ofa zoomed back to it  original po ition. “We may a  well be comfortable,”  aid Dumbledore plea antly. A  he replaced hi  wand in hi  pocket, Harry  aw that hi  hand wa  blackened and  hriveled; it looked a  though hi  fle h had been burned away. ¦¦ ¦ • <¦’•¦ “Sir — what happened to your — ?” “Later, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “Plea e  it down.” Harry took the remaining armchair, choo ing not to look at the Dur ley , who  eemed  tunned into  ilence. “I would a ume that you were going to offer me refre hment,” Dumbledore  aid to Uncle Vernon, “but the evidence  o far  ugge t  that that would be optimi tic to the point of fooli hne .” A third twitch of the wand, and a du ty bottle and five gla e  appeared in midair. The bottle tipped and poured a generou  mea ure of honeycolored liquid into each of the gla e , which then floated to each per on in the room. “Madam Ro merta  fine t oakmatured mead,”  aid Dumbledore, rai ing hi  gla  to Harry, who caught hold of hi  own and  ipped. He had never ta ted anything like it before, but enjoyed it immen ely. The Dur ley , after quick,  cared look  at one another, tried to ignore their gla e  completely, a difficult feat, a  they were nudging them gently on the  ide  of their head . Harry could not  uppre  a  u picion that Dumbledore wa  rather enjoying him elf. “Well, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, turning toward him, “a difficulty ha  ari en which I hope you will be able to  olve for u . By u , I mean the Order of the Phoenix. But fir t of all I mu t tell you that Siriu ’  will wa  di covered a week ago and that he left you everyihing he owned.” Over on the  ofa, Uncle Vernon  head turned, but Harry did not look at him, nor could he think of anything to  ay except, “Oh. Right.” “Thi  i , in the main, fairly  traightforward,” Dumbledore went on. “You add a rea onable amount of gold to your account at (iringott , and you inherit all of Siriu ’  per onal po e ion . The  lightly problematic part of the legacy —” “Hi  godfather’  dead?”  aid Uncle Vernon loudly from the  ofa. 1 )umbledore and Harry both turned to look at him. The gla  of mead wa  now knocking quite in i tently on the  ide of Vernon  head; he attempted to beat it away. “He’  dead? Hi  godfather?” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. He did not a k Harry why he had not confided in the Dur ley . “Our problem,” he continued to Harry, a  if there had been no interruption, “i  that Siriu  al o left you number twelve, Grimmauld Place.” “He’  been left a hou e?”  aid Uncle Vernon greedily, hi   mall eye  narrowing, but nobody an wered him. “You can keep u ing it a  headquarter ,”  aid Harry. “I don’t care. You can have it, I don’t really want it.” Harry never wanted to  et foot in number twelve, Grimmauld Place again if he could help it. He thought he would be haunted forever by the memory of Siriu  prowling it  dark mu ty room  alone, impri oned within the place he had wanted  o de perately to leave. “That i  generou ,”  aid Dumbledore. “We have, however, vacated the building temporarily.” “Why?” “Well,”  aid Dumbledore, ignoring the muttering  of Uncle Vernon, who wa  now being rapped  martly over the head by the per i tent gla  of mead, “Black family tradition decreed that the hou e wa  handed down the direct line, to the next male with the name of ‘Black.’ Siriu  wa  the very la t of the line a  hi  younger brother, Regulu , predecea ed him and both were childle . While hi  will make  it perfectly plain that he want  you to have the hou e, it i  neverthele  po ible that  ome  pell or enchantment ha  been  et upon the place to en ure that it cannot be owned by anyone other than a pureblood.” A vivid image of the  hrieking,  pitting portrait of Siriu ’  mother that hung in the hall of number twelve, Grimmauld Place fla hed into Harry’  mind. “I bet there ha ,” he  aid. “Quite,”  aid Dumbledore. “And if  uch an enchantment exi t , then the owner hip of the hou e i  mo t likely to pa  to the elde t of Siriu ’  living relative , which would mean hi  cou in, Bellatrix Le trange.” Without realizing what he wa  doing, Harry  prang to hi  feet; the tele cope and trainer  in hi  lap rolled acro  the floor. Bellatrix Le trange, Siriu ’  killer, inherit hi  hou e? “No,” he  aid. “Well, obviou ly we would prefer that  he didn’t get it either,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “The  ituation i  fraught with complication . We do not know whether the enchantment  we our elve  have placed upon it, for example, making it Unplottable, will hold now that owner hip ha  pa ed from Siriu ’  hand . It might be that Bellatrix will arrive on the door tep at any moment. Naturally we had to move out until  uch time a  we have clarified the po ition,” “But how are you going to find out if I’m allowed to own it?” “Fortunately,”  aid Dumbledore, “there i  a  imple te t.” He placed hi  empty gla  on a  mall table be ide hi  chair, but before he could do anything el e, Uncle Vernon  houted, “Will you get the e ruddy thing  off u ?” Harry looked around; all three of the Dur ley  were cowering with their arm  over their head  a  their gla e  bounced up and down on their  kull , their content  flying everywhere. “Oh, I’m  o  orry,”  aid Dumbledore politely, and he rai ed hi  wand again. All three gla e  vani hed. “But it would have been better manner  to drink it, you know.” It looked a  though Uncle Vernon wa  bur ting with any number of unplea ant retort , but he merely  hrank back into the cu hion  with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and  aid nothing, keeping hi   mall piggy eye  on Dumbledore’  wand. “You  ee,” Dumbledore  aid, turning back to Harry and again  peaking a  though Uncle Vernon had not uttered, “if you have indeed inherited the hou e, you have al o inherited —” He flicked hi  wand for a fifth time. There wa  a loud crack, and a hou eelf appeared, with a  nout for a no e, giant bat’  ear , and enormou  blood hot eye , crouching on the Dur ley ’  hag carpet and covered in grimy rag . Aunt Petunia let out a hairrai ing  hriek; nothing thi  filthy had entered her hou e in living memory. Dudley drew hi  large, bare, pink feet off the floor and  at with them rai ed almo t above hi  head, a  though he thought the creature might run up hi  pajama trou er , and Uncle Vernon bellowed, “What the hell i  that?” “Kreacher,” fini hed Dumbledore. “Kreacher won’t, Kreacher won’t, Kreacher won’t!” croaked the hou eelf, quite a  loudly a  Uncle Vernon,  tamping hi  long, gnarled feet and pulling lii.  ear . “Kreacher belong  to Mi  Bellatrix, oh ye , Kreacher belong  to the Black , Kreacher want  hi  new mi tre , Kreacher won’t go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won’t, won’t, won’t —” “A  you can  ee, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher’  continued croak  of “wont, won’t, won’t,” “Kreacher i   howing a certain reluctance to pa  into your owner hip.” “I don’t care,”  aid Harry again, looking with di gu t at the writhing,  tamping hou eelf. “I don’t want him.” “Won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t —” “You would prefer him to pa  into the owner hip of Bellatrix Le trange? Bearing in mind that he ha  lived at the headquarter  of the Order of the Phoenix for the pa t year?” “Won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t —” Harry  tared at Dumbledore. He knew that Kreacher could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix Le trange, but the idea of owning him, of having re pon ibility for the creature that had betrayed Siriu , wa  repugnant. “Give him an order,”  aid Dumbledore. “If he ha  pa ed into your owner hip, he will have to obey. If not, then we  hall have to think of  ome other mean  of keeping him from hi  rightful mi tre .” “Won’t, won’t, won’t, WON’T!” Kreacher’  voice had ri en to a  cream. Harry could think of nothing to  ay, except, “Kreacher,  hut up!” It looked for a moment a  though Kreacher wa  going to choke. He grabbed hi  throat, hi  mouth  till working furiou ly, hi  eye  bulging. After a few  econd  of frantic gulping, he threw him elf face forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) and beat the floor with hi  hand  and feet, giving him elf over to a violent, but entirely  ilent, tantrum. “Well, that  implifie  matter ,”  aid Dumbledore cheerfully. “It mean  that Siriu  knew what he wa  doing. You are the rightful owner of number twelve, Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher.” “Do I — do I have to keep him with me?” Harry a ked, agha t, u  Kreacher thra hed around at hi  feet. “Not if you don’t want to,”  aid Dumbledore. “If I might make ii  ugge tion, you could  end him to Hogwart  to work in the kitchen there. In that way, the other hou eelve  could keep an eye on him.” “Yeah,”  aid Harry in relief, “yeah, I’ll do that. Er — Kreacher — I want you to go to Hogwart  and work in the kitchen  there with the other hou eelve .” Kreacher, who wa  now lying flat on hi  back with hi  arm  and leg  in the air, gave Harry one up idedown look of deepe t loathing and, with another loud crack, vani hed. “Good,”  aid Dumbledore. “There i  al o the matter of the hippogriff, Buckbeak. Hagrid ha  been looking after him  ince Siriu  died, but Buckbeak i  your  now,  o if you would prefer to make different arrangement  —” “No,”  aid Harry at once, “he can  tay with Hagrid. I think Buckbeak would prefer that.” “Hagrid will be delighted,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “He wa  thrilled to  ee Buckbeak again. Incidentally, we have decided, in the intere t  of Buckbeak’   afety, to rechri ten him ‘Witherwing ’ for the time being, though I doubt that the Mini try would ever gue  he i  the hippogriff they once  entenced to death. Now, Harry, i  your trunk packed?” Erm… “Doubtful that I would turn up?” Dumbledore  ugge ted  hrewdly. “I’ll ju t go and — er — fini h off,”  aid Harry ha tily, hurrying to pick up hi  fallen tele cope and trainer . It took him a little over ten minute  to track down everything he needed; at la t he had managed to extract hi  Invi ibility Cloak from under the bed,  crewed the top back on hi  jar of colorchange ink, and forced the lid of hi  trunk  hut on hi  cauldron. Then, heaving hi  trunk in one hand and holding Hedwig’  cage in the other, he made hi  way back down tair , He wa  di appointed to di cover that Dumbledore wa  not waiting in the hall, which meant that he had to return to the living room. Nobody wa  talking. Dumbledore wa  humming quietly, apparently quite at hi  ea e, but the atmo phere wa  thicker than cold cu tard, and Harry did not dare look at the Dur ley  a  he  aid, “Profe or — I’m ready now.” “Good,”  aid Dumbledore. “Ju t one la t thing, then.” And he turned to  peak to the Dur ley  once more. “A  you will no doubt be aware, Harry come  of age in a year  time —” “No,”  aid Aunt Petunia,  peaking for the fir t time  ince Dumbledore’  arrival. “I’m  orry?”  aid Dumbledore politely. “No, he doe n’t. He’  a month younger than Dudley, and Dudder  doe n’t turn eighteen until the year after next.” “Ah,”  aid Dumbledore plea antly, “but in the Wizarding world, we come of age at  eventeen.” Uncle Vernoii muttered, “Prepo terou ,” but Dumbledore ignored him, “Now, a  you already know, the wizard called Lord Voldemort Wa  returned to thi  country. The Wizarding community i  currently in a  tate of open warfare. Harry, whom Lord Voldemort ha  already attempted to kill on a number of occa ion , i  in even greater danger now than the day when I left him upon your door tep fifteen year  ago, with a letter explaining about hi  parent ’ murder and expre ing the hope that you would care for him ;i  though he were your own.” Dumbledore pau ed, and although hi  voice remained light and calm, and he gave no obviou   ign of anger, Harry felt a kind of chill emanating from him and noticed that the Dur ley  drew very  lightly clo er together. “You did not do a  I a ked. You have never treated Harry a  a  on. He ha  known nothing but neglect and often cruelty at your hand . The be t that can be  aid i  that he ha  at lea t e caped the appalling damage you have inflicted upon the unfortunate boy  itting between you.” Both Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked around in tinclively, a  though expecting to  ee  omeone other than Dudley  queezed between them. “U  — mi treat Dudder ? What d’you — ?” began Uncle Vernon furiou ly, but Dumbledore rai ed hi  ringer for  ilence, a  ilence which fell a  though he had  truck Uncle Vernon dumb. “The magic I evoked fifteen year  ago mean  that Harry ha  powerful protection while he can  till call thi  hou e ‘home.’ However mi erable he ha  been here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you have at lea t, grudgingly, allowed him hou eroom. Thi  magic will cea e to operate the moment that Harry turn   eventeen; in other word , at the moment he become  a man. I a k only thi : that you allow Harry to return, once more, to thi  hou e, before hi   eventeenth birthday, which will en ure that the protection continue  until that time.” None of the Dur ley   aid anything. Dudley wa  frowning  lightly, a  though he wa   till trying to work out when he had ever been mi treated. Uncle Vernon looked a  though he had  omething  tuck in hi  throat; Aunt Petunia, however, wa  oddly flu hed. “Well, Harry… time for u  to be off,”  aid Dumbledore at la t,  tanding up and  traightening hi  long black cloak. “Until we meet again,” he  aid to the Dur ley , who looked a  though that moment could wait forever a  far a  they were concerned, and after doffing hi  hat, he  wept from the room. “Bye,”  aid Harry ha tily to the Dur ley , and followed Dumbledore, who pau ed be ide Harry’  trunk, upon which Hedwig’  cage wa  perched. “We do not want to be encumbered by the e ju t now,” he  aid, pulling out hi  wand again. “I  hall  end them to the Burrow to await u  there. However, I would like you to bring your Invi ibility Cloak… ju t in ca e.” Harry extracted hi  cloak from hi  trunk with  ome difficulty, trying not to  how Dumbledore the me  within. When he had  tuffed it into an in ide pocket of hi  jacket, Dumbiedore waved hi  wand and the trunk, cage, and Hedwig vani hed. Dumbledore then waved hi  wand again, and the front door opened onto cool, mi ty darkne . “And now, Harry, let u   tep out into the night and pur ue that flighty temptre , adventure.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 4: Horace Slughorn De pite the fact that he had  pent every waking moment of the pa t few day  hoping de perately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt di tinctly awkward a  they  et off down Privet Drive together. He had never had a proper conver ation with the headma ter out ide of Hogwart  before; there wa  u ually a de k between them. The memory of their la t facetoface encounter kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harry’   en e of embarra ment; he had  houted a lot on that occa ion, not to mention done hi  be t to  ma h  everal of Dumbledore’  mo t prized po e ion . Dumbledore, however,  eemed completely relaxed. “Keep your wand at the ready, Harry,” he  aid brightly. “But I thought I’m not allowed to u e magic out ide  chool,  ir?” “If there i  an attack,”  aid Dumbledore, “I give you permi ion to u e any counterjinx or cur e that might occur to you. However, I do not think you need worry about being attacked tonight.” “Why not,  ir?” “You are with me,”  aid Dumbledore  imply. “Thi  will do, Harry.” He came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive. “You have not, of cour e, pa ed your Apparition Te t,” he  aid. “No,”  aid Harry. “I thought you had to be  eventeen?” “You do,”  aid Dumbledore. “So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you don’t mind — a  you have noticed, my wand arm i  a little fragile at the moment.” Harry gripped Dumbledore’  proffered forearm. “Very good,”  aid Dumbledore. “Well, here we go.” Harry felt Dumbledore’  arm twi t away from him and redoubled hi  grip; the next thing he knew, everything went black; he wa  being pre ed very hard from all direction ; he could not breathe, there were iron band  tightening around hi  che t; hi  eyeball  were being forced back into hi  head; hi  eardrum  were being pu hed deeper into hi   kull and then —- He gulped great lungfull  of cold night air and opened hi   treaming eye . He felt a  though he had ju t been forced through a very tight rubber tube. It wa  a few  econd  before he realized that Privet Drive had vani hed. He and Dumbledore were now  tanding in what appeared to be a de erted village  quare, in the center of which  tood an old war memorial and a few benche . Hi  comprehen ion catching up with hi   en e , Harry realized that he had ju t Apparated for the fir t time in hi  life. “Are you all right?” a ked Dumbledore, looking down at him  olicitou ly. “The  en ation doe  take  ome getting u ed to.” “I’m fine,”  aid Harry, rubbing hi  ear , which felt a  though they had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. “But I think I might prefer broom …” Dumbledore  miled, drew hi  traveling cloak a little more lightly around hi  neck, and  aid, “Thi  way.” He  et off at a bri k pace, pa t an empty inn and a few hou e . According to a clock on a nearby church, it wa  almo t midnight. “So tell me, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “Your  car… ha  it been hurting at all?” Harry rai ed a hand uncon ciou ly to hi  forehead and rubbed i he lightning haped mark. “No,” he  aid, “and I’ve been wondering about that. I thought it would be burning all the time now Voldemort’  getting  o powerful again.” He glanced up at Dumbledore and  aw that he wa  wearing a  ati fied expre ion. “I, on the other hand, thought otherwi e,”  aid Dumbledore. “Lord Voldemort ha  finally realized the dangerou  acce  to hi  thought  and feeling  you have been enjoying. It appear  that he i  now employing Occlumency again t you.” “Well, I’m not complaining,”  aid Harry, who mi ed neither the di turbing dream  nor the  tartling fla he  of in ight into Voldemort’  mind. They turned a corner, pa ing a telephone box and a bu   helter. Harry looked  ideway  at Dumbledore again. “Profe or?” “Harry?” “Er — where exactly are we?” “Thi , Harry, i  the charming village of Budleigh Babberton.” “And what are we doing here?” “Ah ye , of cour e, I haven’t told you,”  aid Dumbledore. “Well, I have lo t count of the number of time  I have  aid thi  in recent year , but we are, once again, one member of  taff  hort. We are here to per uade an old colleague of mine to come out of retirement and return to Hogwart .” “How can I help with that,  ir?” “Oh, I think we’ll find a u e for you,”  aid Dumbledore vaguely. “Left here, Harry.” They proceeded up a  teep, narrow  treet lined with hou e . All the window  were dark. The odd chill that had lain over Privet Drive for two week  per i ted here too. Thinking of dementor , Harry ca t a look over hi   houlder and gra ped hi  wand rea uringly in hi  pocket. “Profe or, why couldn’t we ju t Apparate directly into your old colleague’  hou e?” “Becau e it would be quite a  rude a  kicking down the front door,”  aid Dumbledore. “Courte y dictate  that we offer fellow wizard  the opportunity of denying u  entry. In any ca e, mo t Wizarding dwelling  are magically protected from unwanted Apparator . At Hogwart , for in tance —” “— you can’t Apparate anywhere in ide the building  or ground ,”  aid Harry quickly. “Hermione Granger told me.” “And  he i  quite right. We turn left again.” The church clock chimed midnight behind them. Harry wondered why Dumbledore did not con ider it rude to call on hi  old colleague  o late, but now that conver ation had been e tabli hed, he had more pre ing que tion  to a k. “Sir, I  aw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge ha  been  acked…” “Correct,”  aid Dumbledore, now turning up a  teep  ide  treet. “He ha  been replaced, a  ] am  ure you al o  aw, by Rufu  Scrimgeour, who u ed to be Head of the Auror office.” “I  he… Do you think he’  good?” a ked Harry. “An intere ting que tion,”  aid Dumbledore. “He i  able, certainly. A more deci ive and forceful per onality than Corneliu .” “Ye , but I meant —” “I know what you meant. Rufu  i  a man of action and, having fought Dark wizard  for mo t of hi  working life, doe  not undere timate Lord Voldemort.” Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not  ay anything about the di agreement with Scrimgeour that the Daily Prophet had reported, and he did not have the nerve to pur ue the  ubject,  o he changed ii. “And…  ir… I  aw about Madam Bone .” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “A terrible lo . She wa  a great witch. Ju t up here, I think — ouch.” He had pointed with hi  injured hand. “Profe or, what happened to your … ?” “I have no time to explain now,”  aid Dumbledore. “It i  a thrilling tale, I wi h to do it ju tice.” He  miled at Harry, who under tood that he wa  not being  nubbed, and that he had permi ion to keep a king que tion . “Sir — I got a Mini try of Magic leaflet by owl, about  ecurity mea ure  we  hould all take again t the Death Eater …” “Ye , I received one my elf,”  aid Dumbledore,  till  miling. “Did you find it u eful?” “Not really.” “No, I thought not. You have not a ked me, for in tance, what i  my favorite flavor of jam, to check that I am indeed Profe or Dumbledore and not an impo tor.” “I didn’t…” Harry began, not entirely  ure whether he wa  being reprimanded or not. “For future reference, Harry, it i  ra pberry… although of cour e, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been  ure to re earch my own jam preference  before imper onating my elf.” “Er… right,”  aid Harry. “Well, on that leaflet, it  aid  omething about Inferi. What exactly are they? The leaflet wa n’t very clear.” “They are corp e ,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “Dead bodie  that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard’  bidding. Inferi have not been  een for a long time, however, not  ince Voldemort wa  la t powerful… He killed enough people to make an army of them, of cour e. Thi  i  the place, Harry, ju t here…” They were nearing a  mall, neat  tone hou e  et in it  own garden. Harry wa  too bu y dige ting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything el e, but a  they reached the front gate, Dumbledore  topped dead and Harry walked into him. “Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear.” Harry followed hi  gaze up the carefully tended front path and felt hi  heart  ink. The front door wa  hanging off it  hinge . Dumbledore glanced up and down the  treet. It  eemed quite de erted. “Wand out and follow me, Harry,” he  aid quietly. He opened the gate and walked  wiftly and  ilently up the garden path, Harry at hi  heel , then pu hed the front door very  lowly, hi  wand rai ed and at the ready. “Lumo .” Dumbledore’  wand tip ignited, ca ting it  light up a narrow hallway. To the left, another door  tood open. Holding hi  illuminated wand aloft, Dumbledore walked into the  itting room with Harry right behind him. A  cene of total deva tation met their eye . A grandfather clock lay  plintered at their feet, it  face cracked, it  pendulum lying a little farther away like a dropped  word. A piano wa  on it   ide, it  key   trewn acro  the floor. The wreckage of a fallen chandelier flittered nearby. Cu hion  lay deflated, feather  oozing from  la he  in their  ide ; fragment  of gla  and china lay like powder over everything. Dumbledore rai ed hi  wand even higher,  o that it  light wa  thrown upon the wall , where  omething darkly red and glutinou  wa   pattered over the wallpaper. Harry’   mall intake of breath made Dumbledore look around. “Not pretty, i  it?” he  aid heavily. “Ye ,  omething horrible ha  happened here.” Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the room,  crutinizing the wreckage at hi  feet. Harry followed, gazing around, half cared of what he might  ee hidden behind the wreck of the piano or the overturned  ofa, but there wa  no  ign of a body. “Maybe there wa  a fight and — and they dragged him off, Profe or?” Harry  ugge ted, trying not to imagine how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave tho e  tain   pattered halfway up the wall . “I don’t think  o,”  aid Dumbledore quietly, peering behind an over tuffed armchair lying on it   ide. “You mean he’  — ?” “Still here  omewhere? Ye .” And without warning, Dumbledore  wooped, plunging the tip of hi  wand into the  eat of the over tuffed armchair, which yelled, “Ouch!” “Good evening, Horace,”  aid Dumbledore,  traightening up again. Harry  jaw dropped. Where a  plit  econd before there had been an armchair, there now crouched an enormou ly fat, bald, old man who wa  ma aging hi  lower belly and  quinting up at Dumbledore with an aggrieved and watery eye. “There wa  no need to  tick the wand in that hard,” he  aid gruffly, clambering to hi  feet. “It hurt.” The wandlight  parkled on hi   hiny pate, hi  prominent eye , hi  enormou ,  ilver, walru like mu tache, and the highly poli hed button  on the maroon velvet jacket he wa  wearing over a pair of lilac  ilk pajama . The top of hi  head barely reached Dumbledore’  chin. “What gave it away?” he grunted a  he  taggered to hi  feet,  till rubbing hi  lower belly. He  eemed remarkably unaba hed for a man who had ju t been di covered pretending to be an armchair. “My dear Horace,”  aid Dumbledore, looking amu ed, “if the Death Eater  really had come to call, the Dark Mark would have been  et over the hou e.” The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to hi  va t forehead. “The Dark Mark,” he muttered. “Knew there wa   omething… ah well. Wouldn’t have had time anyway, I’d only ju t put the fini hing touche  to my uphol tery when you entered the room.” He heaved a great  igh that made the end  of hi  mu tache flutter. “Would you like my a i tance clearing up?” a ked Dumbledore politely. “Plea e,”  aid the other. They  tood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the  hort round one, and waved their wand  in one identical  weeping motion. The furniture flew back to it  original place ; ornament  relormed in midair, feather  zoomed into their cu hion ; torn book  repaired them elve  a  they landed upon their  helve ; oil lantern   oared onto  ide table  and reignited; ava t collection of  plintered  ilver picture frame  flew glittering acro  the room and alighted, whole and untarni hed, upon a de k; rip , crack , and hole  healed everywhere, and the wall  wiped them elve  clean. “What kind of blood wa  that, incidentally?” a ked Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly un ma hed grandfather flock. “On the wall ? Dragon,”  houted the wizard called Horace, a , with a deafening grinding and tinkling, the chandelier  crewed it elf back into the ceiling. There wa  a final plunk from the piano, and  ilence. “Ye , dragon,” repeated the wizard conver ationally. “My la t bottle, and price  are  kyhigh at the moment. Still, it might be reu able.” He  tumped over to a  mall cry tal bottle  tanding on top of a  ideboard and held it up to the light, examining the thick liquid within. “Hmm. Bit du ty.” He  et the bottle back on the  ideboard and  ighed. It wa  then that hi  gaze fell upon Harry. “Oho,” he  aid, hi  large round eye  flying to Harry’  forehead and the lightning haped  car it bore. “Oho!” “Thi ,”  aid Dumbledore, moving forward to make the introduction, “i  Harry Potter. Harry, thi  i  an old Friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.” Slughorn turned on Dumbledore, hi  expre ion  hrewd. “So that’  how you thought you’d per uade me, i  it? Well, the an wer’  no, Albu .” He pu hed pa t Harry, hi  face turned re olutely away with the air of a man trying to re i t temptation. “I  uppo e we can have a drink, at lea t?” a ked Dumbledore. “For old time’   ake?” Slughorn he itated. “All right then, one drink,” he  aid ungraciou ly. Dumbledore  miled at Harry and directed him toward a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had  o recently imper onated, which  tood right be ide the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. Harry took the  eat with the di tinct impre ion that Dumbledore, for  ome rea on, wanted to keep him a  vi ible a  po ible. Certainly when Slughorn, who had been bu y with decanter  and gla e , turned to face the room again, hi  eye  fell immediately upon Harry. “Hmpf,” he  aid, looking away quickly a  though frightened of hurting hi  eye . “Here —” He gave a drink to Dumbledore, who had  at down without invitation, thru t the tray at Harry, and then  ank into the cu hion  of the repaired  ofa and a di gruntled  ilence. Hi  leg  were  o  hort they did not touch the floor. “Well, how have you been keeping, Horace?” Dumbledore a ked. “Not  o well,”  aid Slughorn at once. “Weak che t. Wheezy. Rheumati m too. Can’t move like I u ed to. Well, that’  to be expected. Old age. Fatigue.” “And yet you mu t have moved fairly quickly to prepare  uch a welcome for u  at  uch  hort notice,”  aid Dumbledore. “You can’t have had more than three minute ’ warning?” Slughorn  aid, half irritably, half proudly, “Two. Didn’t hear my Intruder Charm go off, I wa  taking a bath. Still,” he added  ternly,  eeming to pull him elf back together again, “the fact remain  that I’m an old man, Albu . A tired old man who’  earned the right to a quiet life and a few creature comfort .” He certainly had tho e, thought Harry, looking around the room. It wa   tuffy and cluttered, yet nobody could  ay it wa  uncomfortable; there were  oft chair  and foot tool , drink  and book , boxe  of chocolate  and plump cu hion . If Harry had not known who lived there, he would have gue ed at a rich, fu y old lady. “You’re not yet a  old a  I am, Horace,”  aid Dumbledore. “Well, maybe you ought to think about retirement your elf,”  aid Slughorn bluntly. Hi  pale goo eberry eye  had found Dumbledore’  injured hand. “Reaction  not what they were, I  ee.” “You’re quite right,”  aid Dumbledore  erenely,  haking back hi   leeve to reveal the tip  of tho e burned and blackened ringer ; the  ight of them made the back of Harry’  neck prickle unplea antly. “1 am undoubtedly  lower than I wa . But on the other hand…” He  hrugged and  pread hi  hand  wide, a  though to  ay that age had it  compen ation , and Harry noticed a ring on hi  uninjured hand that he had never  een Dumbledore wear before: It wa  large, rather clum ily made of what looked like gold, and wa   et with a heavy black  tone that had cracked down the middle. Slughorn’  eye  lingered for a moment on the ring too, and Harry  aw a tiny frown momentarily crea e hi  wide forehead. “So, all the e precaution  again t intruder , Horace… are they for the Death Eater ’ benefit, or mine?” a ked Dumbledore. “What would the Death Eater  want with a poor brokendown old buffer like me?” demanded Slughorn. “I imagine that they would want you to turn your con iderable talent  to coercion, torture, and murder,”  aid Dumbledore. “Are you really telling me that they haven’t come recruiting yet?” Slughorn eyed Dumbledore balefully for a moment, then muttered, “I haven’t given them the chance. I’ve been on the move for a year. Never  tay in one place more than a week. Move from Muggle hou e to Muggle hou e — the owner  of thi  place are on holiday in the Canary I land  — it’  been very plea ant, I’ll be  orry to leave. It’  quite ea y once you know how, one  imple Freezing Charm on the e ab urd burglar alarm  they u e in tead of Sneako cope  and make  ure the neighbor  don’t  pot you bringing in the piano.” “Ingeniou ,”  aid Dumbledore. “But it  ound  a rather tiring exi tence for a brokendown old buffer in  earch of a quiet life. Now, if you were to return to Hogwart  —” “If you’re going to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pe tilential  chool, you can  ave your breath, Albu ! I might have been in hiding, but  ome funny rumor  have reached me  ince Dolore  Umbridge left! If that’  how you treat teacher  the e day  —” “Profe or Umbridge ran afoul of our centaur herd,”  aid Dumbledore. “I think you, Horace, would have known better than to  tride into the fore t and call a horde of angry centaur  ‘filthy halfbreed .’” “That’  what  he did, did  he?”  aid Slughorn. “Idiotic woman. Never liked her.” Harry chuckled and both Dumbledore and Slughorn looked round at him. “Sorry,” Harry  aid ha tily. “It’  ju t — I didn’t like her either.” Dumbledore  tood up rather  uddenly. “Are you leaving?” a ked Slughorn at once, looking hopeful. “No, I wa  wondering whether I might u e your bathroom,”  aid Dumbledore. “Oh,”  aid Slughorn, clearly di appointed. “Second on the left down the hall.” Dumbledore  trode from the room. Once the door had clo ed behind him, there wa   ilence. After a few moment , Slughorn got to hi  feet but  eemed uncertain what to do with him elf. He  hot a furtive look at Harry, then cro ed to the fire and turned hi  back on it, warming hi  wide behind. “Don’t think I don’t know why he’  brought you,” he  aid abruptly. Harry merely looked at Slughorn. Slughorn’  watery eye   lid over Harry’   car, thi  time taking in the re t of hi  face. “You look very like your father.” “Yeah, I’ve been told,”  aid Harry. “Except for your eye . You’ve got —-“ “My mother’  eye , yeah.” Harry had heard it  o often he found it a bit wearing. “Hmpf. Ye , well. You  houldn’t have favorite  a  a teacher, of cour e, but  he wa  one of mine. Your mother,” Slughorn added, in an wer to Harry  que tioning look. “Lily Evan . One of the brighte t I ever taught. Vivaciou , you know. Charming girl. I u ed to tell her  he ought to have been in my Hou e. Very cheeky an wer  I u ed to get back too.” “Which wa  your Hou e?” “I wa  Head of Slytherin,”  aid Slughorn. “Oh, now,” he went on quickly,  eeing the expre ion on Harry’  face and wagging a  tubby ringer at him, “don’t go holding that again t me! You’ll be Gryffindor like her, I  uppo e? Ye , it u ually goe  in familie . Not alway , though. Ever heard of Siriu  Black? You mu t have done — been in the paper  for the la t couple of year  — died a few week  ago —” It wa  a  though an invi ible hand had twi ted Harry’  inte tine  and held them tight. “Well, anyway, he wa  a big pal of your father’  at  chool. The whole Black family had been in my Hou e, but Siriu  ended up in Gryffindor! Shame — he wa  a talented boy. I got hi  brother, Regulu , when he came along, but I’d have liked the  et.” He  ounded like an enthu ia tic collector who had been outbid at auction. Apparently lo t in memorie , he gazed at the oppo ite wall, turning idly on the  pot to en ure an even heat on hi  back ide. “Your mother wa  Muggleborn, of cour e. Couldn’t believe it when I found out. Thought  he mu t have been pureblood,  he wa   o good.” “One of my be t friend  i  Muggleborn,”  aid Harry, “and  he’  the be t in our year.” “Funny how that  ometime  happen , i n’t it?”  aid Slughorn. “Not really,”  aid Harry coldly. Slughorn looked down at him in  urpri e. “You mu tn’t think I’m prejudiced!” he  aid. “No, no, no! Haven’t I ju t  aid your mother wa  one of my alltime favorite  tudent ? And there wa  Dirk Cre well in the year after her too — now Head of the Goblin Liai on Office, of cour e — another Muggleborn, a very gifted  tudent, and  till give  me excellent in ide information on the going on at Gringott !” He bounced up and down a little,  miling in a  elf ati fied way, and pointed at the many glittering photograph frame  on the dre er, each peopled with tiny moving occupant . “All ex tudent , all  igned. You’ll notice Barnaba  Cuffe, editor of the Daily Prophet, he’  alway  intere ted to hear my take on the day’  new . And Ambro iu  Flume, of Honeyduke  — a hamper every birthday, and all becau e I wa  able to give him an introduction to Ciceron Harki  who gave him hi  fir t job! And at the back — you’ll  ee her if you ju t crane your neck — that’  Gwenog Jone , who of cour e captain  the Holyhead Harpie … People are alway  a toni hed to hear I’m on fir tname term  with the Harpie , and free ticket  whenever I want them!” Thi  thought  eemed to cheer him up enormou ly. “And all the e people know where to find you, to  end you  tuff?” a ked Harry, who could not help wondering why the Death Eater  had not yet tracked down Slughorn if hamper  of  weet , Quidditch ticket , and vi itor  craving hi  advice and opinion  could find him. The  mile  lid from Slughorn’  face a  quickly a  the blood from hi  wall . “Of cour e not,” he  aid, looking down at Harry. “I have been out of touch with everybody for a year.” Harry had the impre ion that the word   hocked Slughorn him elf; he looked quite un ettled for a moment. Then he  hrugged. “Still… the prudent wizard keep  hi  head down in  uch time . All very well for Dumbledore to talk, but taking up a po t at Hogwart  ju t now would be tantamount to declaring my public allegiance to the Order of the Phoenix! And while I’m  ure they’re very admirable and brave and all the re t of it, I don’t per onally fancy the mortality rate —” “You don’t have to join the Order to teach at Hogwart ,”  aid Harry, who could not quite keep a note of deri ion out of hi  voice: It wa  hard to  ympathize with Slughorn’  co eted exi tence when he remembered Siriu , crouching in a cave and living on rat . “Mo t of the teacher  aren’t in it, and none of them ha  ever been killed — well, unle  you count Quirrell, and he got what he de erved  eeing a  he wa  working with Voldemort.” Harry had been  ure Slughorn would be one of tho e wizard  who could not bear to hear Voldemort’  name  poken aloud, and wa  not di appointed: Slughorn gave a  hudder and a  quawk of prote t, which Harry ignored. “I reckon the  taff are  afer than mo t people while Dumbledore’  headma ter; he’   uppo ed to be the only one Voldemort ever feared, i n’t he?” Harry went on. Slughorn gazed into  pace for a moment or two: He  eemed to be thinking over Harry’  word . “Well, ye , it i  true that HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed ha  never  ought a fight with Dumbledore,” he muttered grudgingly. “And I  uppo e one could argue that a  I have not joined the Death Kilter , HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed can hardly count me a friend… in which ca e, I might well be  afer a little clo er to Albu … I cannot pretend that Amelia Bone ’  death did not  hake me… If  he, with all her Mini try contact  and protection…” Dumbledore reentered the room and Slughorn jumped a  though he had forgotten he wa  in the hou e. “Oh, there you are, Albu ,” he  aid. “You’ve been a very long lime. Up et  tomach?” “No, I wa  merely reading the Muggle magazine ,”  aid Dumbledore. “I do love knitting pattern . Well, Harry, we have tre pa ed upon Horace’  ho pitality quite long enough; I think it i  time for u  to leave.” Not at all reluctant to obey, Harry jumped to hi  feet. Slughorn  inned taken aback. “You’re leaving?” “Ye , indeed. I think I know a lo t cau e when I  ee one.” “Lo t…?” Slughorn  eemed agitated. He twiddled hi  fat thumb  and fidgeted a  he watched Dumbledore fa ten hi  traveling cloak, and Harry zip up hi  jacket. “Well, I’m  orry you don’t want the job, Horace,”  aid Dumbledore, rai ing hi  uninjured hand in a farewell  alute. “Hogwart  would have been glad to  ee you back again. Our greatly increa ed  ecurity notwith tanding, you will alway  be welcome to vi it,  hould you wi h to.” “Ye … well… very graciou … a  I  ay…” “Goodbye, then.” “Bye,”  aid Harry. They were at the front door when there wa  a  hout from behind them. “All right, all right, I’ll do it!” Dumbledore turned to  ee Slughorn  tanding breathle  in the doorway to the  itting room. “You will come out of retirement?” “Ye , ye ,”  aid Slughorn impatiently. “I mu t be mad, but ye .” “Wonderful,”  aid Dumbledore, beaming. “Then, Horace, we  hall  ee you on the fir t of September.” “Ye , I dare ay you will,” grunted Slughorn. A  they  et off down the garden path, Slughorn’  voice floated after them, “I’ll want a pay ri e, Dumbledore!” Dumbledore chuckled. The garden gate  wung  hut behind them, and they  et off back down the hill through the dark and the  wirling mi t. “Well done, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “I didn’t do anything,”  aid Harry in  urpri e. “Oh ye  you did. You  howed Horace exactly how much he  tand  to gain by returning to Hogwart . Did you like him?” “Er…” Harry wa n’t  ure whether he liked Slughorn or not. He  uppo ed he had been plea ant in hi  way, but he had al o  eemed vain and, whatever he  aid to the contrary, much too  urpri ed that a Muggleborn  hould make a good witch. “Horace,”  aid Dumbledore, relieving Harry of the re pon ibility to  ay any of thi , “like  hi  comfort. He al o like  the company of the famou , the  ucce ful, and the powerful. He enjoy  the feeling that he influence  the e people. He ha  never wanted to occupy the throne him elf; he prefer  the back eat — more room to  pread out, you  ee. He u ed to handpick favorite  at Hogwart ,  ometime  for their ambition or their brain ,  ometime  for their charm or their talent, and he had an uncanny knack for choo ing tho e who would go on to become out tanding in their variou  field . Horace formed a kind of club of hi  favorite  with him elf at the center, making introduction , forging u eful contact  between member , and alway  reaping  ome kind of benefit in return, whether a free box of hi  favorite cry tallized pineapple or the chance to recommend the next junior member of the Goblin liai on Office.” Harry had a  udden and vivid mental image of a great  wollen  pider,  pinning a web around it, twitching a thread here and there to bring it  large and juicy flie  a little clo er. “I tell you all thi ,” Dumbledore continued, “not to turn you again t Horace — or, a  we mu t now call him, Profe or Slughorn — but to put you on your guard. He will undoubtedly try to collect you, Harry. You would be the jewel of hi  collection; ‘the Boy Who Lived’… or, a  they call you the e day , ‘the Cho en One.’” At the e word , a chill that had nothing to do with the  urrounding mi t  tole over Harry. He wa  reminded of word  he had heard a few week  ago, word  that had a horrible and particular meaning to him: Neither can live while the other  urvive … Dumbledore had  topped walking, level with the church they had pa ed earlier. “Thi  will do, Harry. If you will gra p my arm.” Braced thi  time, Harry wa  ready for the Apparition, but  till found it unplea ant. When the pre ure di appeared and he found him elf able to breathe again, he wa   tanding in a country lane be ide Dumbledore and looking ahead to the crooked  ilhouette of hi   econd favorite building in the world: the Burrow. In  pite of the feeling of dread that had ju t  wept through him, hi   pirit  could not help but lift at the  ight of it. Ron wa  in there… and  o wa  Mr . Wea ley, who could cook better than anyone he knew… “If you don’t mind, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, a  they pa ed through the gate, “I’d like a few word  with you before we part. In private. Perhap  in here?” Dumbledore pointed toward a rundown  tone outhou e where the Wea ley  kept their broom tick . A little puzzled, Harry followed Dumbledore through the creaking door into a  pace a little  maller than the average cupboard. Dumbledore illuminated the tip of hi  wand,  o that it glowed like a torch, and  miled down at Harry. “I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, but I am plea ed and a little proud at how well you  eem to be coping after everything that happened at the Mini try. Permit me to  ay that I think Siriu  would have been proud of you.” Harry  wallowed; hi  voice  eemed to have de erted him. He did not think he could  tand to di cu  Siriu ; it had been painful enough to hear Uncle Vernon  ay “Hi  godfather’  dead?” and even wor e to hear Siriu  name thrown out ca ually by Slughorn. “It wa  cruel,”  aid Dumbledore  oftly, “that you and Siriu  had  uch a  hort time together. A brutal ending to what  hould have been a long and happy relation hip.” Harry nodded, hi  eye  fixed re olutely on the  pider now climbing Dumbledore’  hat. He could tell that Dumbledore under tood, that he might even  u pect that until hi  letter arrived, Harry had  pent nearly all hi  time at the Dur ley ’ lying on hi  bed, refu ing meal , and  taring at the mi ted window, full of the chill emptine  i hat he had come to a ociate with dementor . “It’  ju t hard,” Harry  aid finally, in a low voice, “to realize he won’t write to me again.” Hi  eye  burned  uddenly and he blinked. He felt  tupid for admitting it, but the fact that he had had  omeone out ide Hogwart  who cared what happened to him, almo t like a parent, had been one of the be t thing  about di covering hi  godfather… and now the po t owl  would never bring him that comfort again… “Siriu  repre ented much to you that you had never known before,”  aid Dumbledore gently. “Naturally, the lo  i  deva tating… “But while I wa  at the Dur ley ’…” interrupted Harry, hi  voice growing  tronger, “I realized I cant  hut my elf away or — or crack up. Siriu  wouldn’t have wanted that, would he? And anyway, life’  too  hort… Look at Madam Bone , look at Emmeline Vance… It could be me next, couldn’t it? But if it i ,” he  aid fiercely, now looking  traight into Dumbledore’  blue eye  gleaming in the wandlight, “I’ll make  ure I take a  many Death Eater  with me a  I can, and Voldemort too if I can manage it.” “Spoken both like your mother and father’   on and Siriu ’  true god on!”  aid Dumbledore, with an approving pat on Harry’  back. “I take my hat off to you — or I would, if I were not afraid of  howering you in  pider . “And now, Harry, on a clo ely related  ubject… I gather that you have been taking the Daily Prophet over the la t two week ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, and hi  heart beat a little fa ter. “Then you will have  een that there have been not  o much leak  a  flood  concerning your adventure in the Hall of Prophecy?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry again. “And now everyone know  that I’m the one — “No, they do not,” interrupted Dumbledore. “There are only two people in the whole world who know the full content  of the prophecy made about you and Lord Voldemort, and they are both  tanding in thi   melly,  pidery broom  hed. It i  true, however, that many have gue ed, correctly, that Voldemort  ent hi  Death Eater  to  teal a prophecy, and that the prophecy concerned you. “Now, I think I am correct in  aying that you have not told anybody that you know what the prophecy  aid?” “No,”  aid Harry. “A wi e deci ion, on the whole,”  aid Dumbledore. “Although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your friend , Mr. Ronald Wea ley and Mi  Hermione Granger. Ye ,” he continued, when Harry looked  tartled, “I think they ought to know. You do them a di ervice by not confiding  omething thi  important to them.” “I didn’t want —” “— to worry or frighten them?”  aid Dumbledore,  urveying Harry over the top of hi  halfmoon  pectacle . “Or perhap , to confe  that you your elf are worried and frightened? You need your friend , Harry. A  you  o rightly  aid, Siriu  would not have wanted you to  hut your elf away.” Harry  aid nothing, but Dumbledore did not  eem to require an an wer. He continued, “On a different, though related,  ubject, it i  my wi h that you take private le on  with me thi  year.” “Private — with you?”  aid Harry,  urpri ed out of hi  preoccupied  ilence. “Ye . I think it i  time that I took a greater hand in your education.” What will you be teaching me,  ir?” “Oh, a little of thi , a little of that,”  aid Dumbledore airily. Harry waited hopefully, but Dumbledore did not elaborate,  o ho a ked  omething el e that had been bothering him  lightly. “If I’m having le on  with you, I won’t have to do Occlumency le on  with Snape, will I?” ”Profe or Snape, Harry — and no, you will not.” “Good,”  aid Harry in relief, “becau e they were a —” He  topped, careful not to  ay what he really thought. “I think the word ‘fia co’ would be a good one here,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding. Harry laughed. “Well, that mean  I won’t  ee much of Profe or Snape from now on,” he  aid, “becau e he won’t let me carry on Potion  unle  I get ‘Out tanding’ in my OWL., which I know I haven’t.” “Don’t count your owl  before they are delivered,”  aid Dumbledore gravely. “Which, now I think of it, ought to be  ome time later today. Now, two more thing , Harry, before we part. “Fir tly, I wi h you to keep your Invi ibility Cloak with you at all i ime  from thi  moment onward. Even within Hogwart  it elf. Ju t in ca e, you under tand me?” Harry nodded. “And la tly, while you  tay here, the Burrow ha  been given the highe t  ecurity the Mini try of Magic can provide. The e mea ure  have cau ed a certain amount of inconvenience to Arthur and Molly — all their po t, for in tance, i  being  earched at the Mini try before being  ent on. They do not mind in the  lighte t, for their only concern i  your  afety. However, it would be poor repayment if you ri ked your neck while  taying with them.” “I under tand,”  aid Harry quickly. “Very well, then,”  aid Dumbledore, pu hing open the broom  hed door and  tepping out into the yard. “I  ee a light in the kitchen. Let u  not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you are.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 5: An Exce  Of Phlegm Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of the Burrow, which wa   urrounded by the familiar litter of old Wellington boot  and ru ty cauldron ; Harry could hear the  oft clucking of  leepy chicken  coming from a di tant  hed. Dumbledore knocked three time  and Harry  aw  udden movement behind the kitchen window. “Who’  there?”  aid a nervou  voice he recognized a  Mr . Wea ley’ . “Declare your elf!” “It i  I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry.” The door opened at once. There  tood Mr . Wea ley,  hort, plump, and wearing an old green dre ing gown. “Harry, dear! Graciou , Albu , you gave me a fright, you  aid not to expect you before morning!” “We were lucky,”  aid Dumbledore, u hering Harry over the thre hold. “Slughorn proved much more per uadable than I had expected. Harry’  doing, of cour e. Ah, hello, Nymphadora!” Harry looked around and  aw that Mr . Wea ley wa  not alone, de pite the latene  of the hour. A young witch with a pale, heart haped face and mou y brown hair wa   itting at the table clutching a large mug between her hand . “Hello, Profe or,”  he  aid. ” Wotcher, Harry.” “Hi, Tonk .” Harry thought  he looked drawn, even ill, and there wa   omething forced in her  mile. Certainly her appearance wa  le  colorful than u ual without her cu tomary  hade of bubblegumpink hair. “I’d better be off,”  he  aid quickly,  tanding up and pulling her cloak around her  houlder . “Thank  for the tea and  ympathy, Molly” “Plea e don’t leave on my account,”  aid Dumbledore courteou ly, “I cannot  tay, I have urgent matter  to di cu  with Rufu  Scrimgeour.” “No, no, I need to get going,”  aid Tonk , not meeting Dumbledore’  eye . “‘Night…” “Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, Remu  and MadEye are coming… ?” “No, really, Molly… thank  anyway… Good night, everyone. Tonk  hurried pa t Dumbledore and Harry into the yard; a few pace  beyond the door tep,  he turned on the  pot and vani hed into thin air. Harry noticed that Mr . Wea ley looked troubled. “Well, I  hall  ee you at Hogwart , Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “Take care of your elf. Molly, your  ervant.” He made Mr . Wea ley a bow and followed Tonk , vani hing at preci ely the  ame  pot. Mr . Wea ley clo ed the door on the empty yard and then  teered Harry by the  houlder  into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine hi  appearance. “You’re like Ron,”  he  ighed, looking him up and down. “Both of you look a  though you’ve had Stretching jinxe  put on you. I  wear Ron’  grown four inche   ince I la t bought him  chool robe . Are you hungry, Harry?” “Yeah, I am,”  aid Harry,  uddenly realizing ju t how hungry he wa , “Sit down, dear, I’ll knock  omething up.” A  Harry  at down, a furry ginger cat with a  qua hed face lumped onto hi  knee  and  ettled there, purring. “So Hermione’  here?” he a ked happily a  he tickled Crook hank  behind the ear . “Oh ye ,  he arrived the day before ye terday,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, rapping a large iron pot with her wand. It bounced onto the  tove with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. “Everyone’  in bed, of cour e, we didn’t expect you for hour . Here you are…” She tapped the pot again; it ro e into the air, flew toward Harry, and tipped over; Mr . Wea ley  lid a bowl nearly beneath it ju t in lime to catch the  tream of thick,  teaming onion  oup. “Bread, dear?” “Thank , Mr . Wea ley.” She waved her wand over her  houlder; a loaf of bread and a knife  oared gracefully onto the table; a  the loaf  liced it elf and the  oup pot dropped back onto the  tove, Mr . Wea ley  at down oppo ite him. “So you per uaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?” Harry nodded, hi  mouth  o full of hot  oup that he could not  peak. “He taught Arthur and me,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “He wa  at Hogwart  for age ,  tarted around the  ame time a  Dumbledore, I think. Did you like him?” Hi  mouth now full of bread, Harry  hrugged and gave a noncommittal jerk of the head. “I know what you mean,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, nodding wi ely. “Of cour e he can be charming when he want  to be, but Arthur’  never liked him much. The Mini try’  littered with Slughorn’  old favorite , he wa  alway  good at giving leg up , but he never had much time for Arthur… didn’t  eem to think he wa  enough of a highflier. Well, that ju t  how  you, even Slughorn make  mi take . I don’t know whether Ron’  told you in any of hi  letter … it’  only ju t happened… but Arthur’  been promoted!” It could not have been clearer that Mr . Wea ley had been bur ting to  ay thi . Harry  wallowed a large amount of very hot  oup and thought he could feel hi  throat bli tering. “That’  great!” he ga ped. “You are  weet,” beamed Mr . Wea ley, po ibly taking hi  watering eye  for emotion at the new . “Ye , Rufu  Scrimgeour ha   et up  everal new office  in re pon e to the pre ent  ituation, and Arthur’  heading the Office for the Detection and Confi cation of Counterfeit Defen ive Spell  and Protective Object . It’  a big job, he’  got ten people reporting to him now!” “What exactly?” “Well, you  ee, in all the panic about YouKnowWho, odd thing  have been cropping up for  ale everywhere, thing  that are  uppo ed to guard again t YouKnowWho and the Death Eater . You can imagine the kind of thing…  ocalled protective potion  that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pu  added, or in truction  for defen ive jinxe  that actually make your ear  fall off… Well, in the main the perpetrator  are ju t people like Mundungu  Hotelier, who’ve never done an hone t day’  work in their live  and are taking advantage of how frightened everybody i , but every now and then  omething really na ty turn  up. The other day Arthur confi cated a box of cur ed Sneako cope  that were almo t certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you  ee, it’  a very important job, and I tell him it’  ju t  illy to mi  dealing with  park plug  and toa ter  and all the re t of that Muggle rubbi h.” Mr . Wea ley ended her  peech with a  tern look, a  if it had been Harry  ugge ting that it wa  natural to mi   park plug . “I  Mr. Wea ley  till at work?” Harry a ked. “Ye , he i . A  a matter of fact, he’  a tiny bit late… He  aid he’d be back around midnight…” She turned to look at a large clock that wa  perched awkwardly on top of a pile of  heet  in the wa hing ba ket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at once: It had nine hand , each in cribed with the name of a family member, and u ually hung on i he Wea ley ’  itting room wall, though it  current po ition  ugge ted that Mr . Wea ley had taken to carrying it around the hou e with her. Every  ingle one of it  nine hand  wa  now pointing at “mortal peril.” “It’  been like that for a while now,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, in an unconvincingly ca ual voice, “ever  ince YouKnowWho came back into the open. I  uppo e everybody’  in mortal danger now… I don’t think it can be ju t our family… but I don’t know anyone el e who’  got a clock like thi ,  o I can’t check. Oh!” With a  udden exclamation  he pointed at the clock’  face. Mr. Wea ley’  hand had  witched to “traveling.” “He’  coming!” And  ure enough, a moment later there wa  a knock on the back door. Mr . Wea ley jumped up and hurried to it; with one hand on the doorknob and her face pre ed again t the wood  he called  oftly, “Arthur, i  that you?” “Ye ,” came Mr. Wea ley’  weary voice. “But I would  ay that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. A k the que tion!” “Oh, hone tly…” “Molly!” “All right, all right… What i  your deare t ambition?” “To find out how airplane   tay up.” Mr . Wea ley nodded and turned the doorknob, but apparently Mr. Wea ley wa  holding tight to it on the other  ide, becau e the door remained firmly  hut. “Molly! I’ve got to a k you your que tion fir t!” “Arthur, really, thi  i  ju t  illy…” “What do you like me to call you when we’re alone together?” Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mr . Wea ley had turned bright red; he him elf felt  uddenly warm around the ear  and neck, and ha tily gulped  oup, clattering hi   poon a  loudly a  he could again t the bowl. “Mollywobble ,” whi pered a mortified Mr . Wea ley into the crack at the edge of the door. “Correct,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Now you can let me in.” Mr . Wea ley opened the door to reveal her hu band, a thin, balding, redhaired wizard wearing hornrimmed  pectacle  and a long and du ty traveling cloak. “I  till don’t  ee why we have to go through that every time you come home,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  till pink in the face a   he helped her hu band out of hi  cloak. “I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the an wer out of you before imper onating you!” “I know, dear, but it’  Mini try procedure, and I have to  et an example. Something  mell  good… onion  oup?” Mr. Wea ley turned hopefully in the direction of the table. “Harry! We didn’t expect you until morning!” They  hook hand , and Mr. Wea ley dropped into the chair be ide Harry a  Mr . Wea ley  et a bowl of  oup in front of him too. “Thank , Molly. It’  been a tough night. Some idiot’   tarted  elling MetamorphMedal . Ju t  ling them around your neck and you’ll be able to change your appearance at will. A hundred thou and di gui e , all for ten Galleon !” “And what really happen  when you put them on?” “Mo tly you ju t turn a fairly unplea ant orange color, but a couple of people have al o  prouted tentacle like wart  all over their bodie . A  if St. Mungo’  didn’t have enough to do already!” “It  ound  like the  ort of thing Fred and George would find funny,”  aid Mr . Wea ley he itantly. “Are you  ure… ?” “Of cour e I am!”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “The boy  wouldn’t do anything like that now, not when people are de perate for protection!” “So i  that why you’re late, MetamorphMedal ?” “No, we got wind of a na ty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Ca tle, but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had  orted it out by the time we got there…” Harry  tifled a yawn behind hi  hand. “Bed,”  aid an undeceived Mr . Wea ley at once. “I’ve got Fred and George’  room all ready for you, you’ll have it to your elf.” “Why, where are they?” “Oh, they’re in Diagon Alley,  leeping in the little flat over their joke  hop a  they’re  o bu y,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “I mu t  ay, I didn’t approve at fir t, but they do  eem to have a bit of a flair for bu ine ! Come on, dear, your trunk  already up there.” “‘Night, Mr. Wea ley,”  aid Harry, pu hing back hi  chair. Crook hank  leapt lightly from hi  lap and  lunk out of the room. “G’night, Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. Harry  aw Mr . Wea ley glance at the clock in the wa hing ba ket a  they left the kitchen. All the hand  were once again at “mortal peril.” Fred and George’  bedroom wa  on the  econd floor. Mr . Wea ley pointed her wand at a lamp on the bed ide table and it ignited at once, bathing the room in a plea ant golden glow. Though a large va e of flower  had been placed on a de k in front of the  mall window, their perfume could not di gui e the lingering  mell of what Harry thought wa  gunpowder. A con iderable amount of floor  pace wa  devoted to a va t number of unmarked,  ealed cardboard boxe , among t which  tood Harry’   chool trunk. The room looked a  though it wa  being u ed a  a temporary warehou e. Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from her perch on top of a large wardrobe, then took off through the window; Harry knew  he had been waiting to  ee him before going hunting. Harry bade Mr . Wea ley good night, put on pajama , and got into one of the bed . There wa   omething hard in ide the pillowca e. He groped in ide it and pulled out a  ticky purpleandorange  weet, which he recognized a  a Puking Pa tille. Smiling to him elf, he rolled over and wa  in tantly a leep. Second  later, or  o it  eemed to Harry, he wa  awakened by what  ounded like cannon fire a  the door bur t open. Sitting bolt upright, he heard the ra p of the curtain  being pulled back: The dazzling  unlight  eemed to poke him hard in both eye . Shielding them with one hand, he groped hopele ly for hi  gla e  with the other. “Wuzzgoinon?” “We didn’t know you were here already!”  aid a loud and excited voice, and he received a  harp blow to the top of the head. “Ron, don’t hit him!”  aid a girl’  voice reproachfully. Harry’  hand found hi  gla e  and he  hoved them on, though I he light wa   o bright he could hardly  ee anyway. A long, looming  hadow quivered in front of him for a moment; he blinked and Ron Wea ley came into focu , grinning down at him. “All right?” “Never been better,”  aid Harry, rubbing the top of hi  head and  lumping back onto hi  pillow . “You?” “Not bad,”  aid Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and  itting on it. “When did you get here? Mum’  only ju t told u !” “About one o’clock thi  morning.” “Were the Muggle  all right? Did they treat you okay?” “Same a  u ual,”  aid Harry, a  Hermione perched her elf on the edge of hi  bed, “they didn’t talk to me much, but I like it better that way. How’re you, Hermione?” “Oh, I’m fine,”  aid Hermione, who wa   crutinizing Harry a  though he wa   ickening for  omething. He thought he knew what wa  behind thi , and a  he had no wi h to di cu  Siriu ’  death or any other mi erable  ubject at the moment, he  aid, “What’  the time? Have I mi ed breakfa t?” “Don’t worry about that, Mum’  bringing you up a tray;  he reckon  you look underfed,”  aid Ron, rolling hi  eye . “So, what’  been going on?” “Nothing much, I’ve ju t been  tuck at my aunt and uncle’ , haven’t I?” “Come off it!”  aid Ron. “You’ve been off with Dumbledore!” “It wa n’t that exciting. He ju t wanted me to help him per uade thi  old teacher to come out of retirement. Hi  name’  Horace Slughorn.” “Oh,”  aid Ron, looking di appointed. “We thought…” Hermione fla hed a warning look at Ron, and Ron changed tack at top  peed. “…we thought it’d be  omething like that.” “You did?”  aid Harry, amu ed. “Yeah… yeah, now Umbridge ha  left, obviou ly we need a new Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher, don’t we? So, er, what’  he like?” “He look  a bit like a walru , and he u ed to be Head of Slytherin,”  aid Harry. “Something wrong, Hermione?” She wa  watching him a  though expecting  trange  ymptom  to manife t them elve  at any moment. She rearranged her feature  ha tily in an unconvincing  mile. “No, of cour e not! So, um, did Slughorn  eem like he’ll be a good teacher?” “Dunno,”  aid Harry. “He can’t be wor e than Umbridge, can he?” “I know  omeone who’  wor e than Umbridge,”  aid a voice from the doorway. Ron’  younger  i ter  louched into the room, looking irritable. “Hi, Harry.” “What’  up with you?” Ron a ked. “It’  her,”  aid Ginny, plonking her elf down on Harry’  bed. “She’  driving me mad.” “What’   he done now?” a ked Hermione  ympathetically. “It’  the way  he talk  to me… you’d think I wa  about three!” “I know,”  aid Hermione, dropping her voice. “She’   o full of her elf.” Harry wa  a toni hed to hear Hermione talking about Mr . Wea ley like thi  and could not blame Ron for  aying angrily, “Can’t you two lay off her for five  econd ?” “Oh, that’  right, defend her,”  napped Ginny. “We all know you can’t get enough of her.” Thi   eemed an odd comment to make about Ron’  mother. Starting to feel that he wa  mi ing  omething, Harry  aid, “Who are you… ?” But hi  que tion wa  an wered before he could fini h it. The bedroom door flew open again, and Harry in tinctively yanked the bedcover  up to hi  chin  o hard that Hermione and Ginny  lid off the bed onto the floor. A young woman wa   tanding in the doorway, a woman of  uch breathtaking beauty that the room  eemed to have become  trangely airle . She wa  tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to emanate a faint,  ilvery glow. To complete thi  vi ion of perfection,  he wa  carrying a heavily laden breakfa t tray. “‘Arry,”  he  aid in a throaty voice. “Eet ‘a  been too long!” A   he  wept over the thre hold toward him, Mr . Wea ley wa  revealed, bobbing along in her wake, looking rather cro . “There wa  no need to bring up the tray, I wa  ju t about to do it my elf!” “Eet wa  no trouble,”  aid Fleur Delacour,  etting the tray acro  Harry’  knee  and then  wooping to ki  him on each cheek: He felt the place  where her mouth had touched him burn. “I ‘ave been longing to  ee ‘im. You remember my  ee ter, Gabrielle? She never  top  talking about ‘Arry Potter. She will be delighted to  ee you again.” “Oh… i   he here too?” Harry croaked. “No, no,  illy boy,”  aid Fleur with a tinkling laugh, “I mean next  ummer, when we… but do you not know?” Her great blue eye  widened and  he looked reproachfully at Mr . Wea ley, who  aid, “We hadn’t got around to telling him yet.” Fleur turned back to Harry,  winging her  ilvery  heet of hair  o that it whipped Mr . Wea ley acro  the face. “Bill and I are going to be married!” “Oh,”  aid Harry blankly. He could not help noticing how Mr . Wea ley, Hermione, and Ginny were all determinedly avoiding one another’  gaze. “Wow. Er… congratulation !” She  wooped down upon him and ki ed him again. “Bill i  very bu y at ze moment, working very ‘ard, and I only work parttime at Gringott  for my Eengli h,  o he brought me ‘ere for a few day  to get to know ‘i  family properly. I wa   o plea ed to ‘ear you would be coming… zere i n’t much to do ‘ere, unle  you like cooking and chicken ! Well… enjoy your breakfa t, ‘Arry!” With the e word   he turned gracefully and  eemed to float out of the room, clo ing the door quietly behind her. Mr . Wea ley made a noi e that  ounded like, “tchah!” “Mum hate  her,”  aid Ginny quietly. “I do not hate her!”  aid Mr . Wea ley in a cro  whi per. “I ju t think they’ve hurried into thi  engagement, that’  all!” “They’ve known each other a year,”  aid Ron, who looked oddly groggy and wa   taring at the clo ed door. “Well, that’  not very long! I know why it’  happened, of cour e. It  all thi  uncertainty with YouKnowWho coming back, people think they might be dead tomorrow,  o they’re ru hing all  ort  of deci ion  they’d normally take time over. It wa  the  ame la t time he wa  powerful, people eloping left, right, and center…” “Including you and Dad,”  aid Ginny  lyly. “Ye , well, your father and I were made for each other, what wa  the point in waiting?”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Wherea  Bill and Fleur… well… what have they really got in common? He’  a hardworking, downtoearth  ort of per on, wherea   he’ …” “A cow,”  aid Ginny, nodding. “But Bill’  not that downtoearth. He’  a Cur eBreaker, i n’t he, he like  a bit of adventure, a bit of glamour… I expect that’  why he’  gone for Phlegm.” “Stop calling her that, Ginny,”  aid Mr . Wea ley  harply, a  Harry and Hermione laughed. “Well, I’d better get on… Eat your egg  while they’re warm, Harry.” Looking careworn,  he left the room. Ron  till  eemed  lightly punchdrunk; he wa   haking hi  head experimentally like a dog trying to rid it  ear  of water. “Don’t you get u ed to her if  he’   taying in the  ame hou e?” Harry a ked. “Well, you do,”  aid Ron, “but if  he jump  out at you unexpectedly, like then…” “It’  pathetic,”  aid Hermione furiou ly,  triding away from Ron a  far a   he could go and turning to face him with her arm  folded once  he had reached the wall. “You don’t really want her around forever?” Ginny a ked Ron incredulou ly. When he merely  hrugged,  he  aid, “Well, Mum’  going to put a  top to it if  he can, I bet you anything.” “How’   he going to manage that?” a ked Harry. “She keep  trying to get Tonk  round for dinner. I think  he’  hoping Bill will fall for Tonk  in tead. I hope he doe , I’d much rather have her in the family.” “Yeah, that’ll work,”  aid Ron  arca tically. “Li ten, no bloke in hi  right mind’  going to fancy Tonk  when Fleur’  around. I mean, Tonk  i  okaylooking when  he i n’t doing  tupid thing  to her hair and her no e, but…” “She’  a damn  ight nicer than Phlegm?  aid Ginny. “And  he’  more intelligent,  he’  an Auror!”  aid Hermione from the corner. “Fleur’  not  tupid,  he wa  good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament,”  aid Harry. “Not you a  well!”  aid Hermione bitterly. “I  uppo e you like the way Phlegm  ay  ‘ ‘Any,’ do you?” a ked Ginny  cornfully. “No,”  aid Harry, wi hing he hadn’t  poken, “I wa  ju t  aying, Phlegm… I mean, Fleur…” “I’d much rather have Tonk  in the family,”  aid Ginny. “At lea t  he’  a laugh.” “She ha n’t been much of a laugh lately,”  aid Ron. “Every time I’ve  een her  he’  looked more like Moaning Myrtle.” “That’  not fair,”  napped Hermione. “She  till ha n’t got over what happened… you know… I mean, he wa  her cou in!” Harry’  heart  ank. They had arrived at Siriu . He picked up a fork and began  hoveling  crambled egg  into hi  mouth, hoping to deflect any invitation to join in thi  part of the conver ation. “Tonk  and Siriu  barely knew each other!”  aid Ron. “Siriu  wa  in Azkaban half her life and before that their familie  never met…” “That’  not the point,”  aid Hermione. “She think  it wa  her limit he died!” “How doe   he work that one out?” a ked Harry, in  pite of him elf. “Well,  he wa  fighting Bellatrix Le trange, wa n’t  he? I think  he feel  that if only  he had fini hed her off, Bellatrix couldn’t have killed Siriu .” “That’   tupid,”  aid Ron. “It’   urvivor’  guilt,”  aid Hermione. “I know Lupin’  tried to talk her round, but  he’   till really down. She’  actually having trouble with her Metamorpho ing!” “With her…?” “She can’t change her appearance like  he u ed to,” explained Hermione. “I think her power  mu t have been affected by  hock, or  omething.” “I didn’t know that could happen,”  aid Harry. “Nor did I,”  aid Hermione, “but I  uppo e if you’re really depre ed…” The door opened again and Mr . Wea ley popped her head in. “Ginny,”  he whi pered, “come down tair  and help me with the lunch.” “I’m talking to thi  lot!”  aid Ginny, outraged. “Now!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, and withdrew. “She only want  me there  o  he doe n’t have to be alone with Phlegm!”  aid Ginny cro ly. She  wung her long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur and pranced acro  the room with her arm  held aloft like a ballerina. “You lot had better come down quickly too,”  he  aid a   he left. Harry took advantage of the temporary  ilence to eat more breakfa t. Hermione wa  peering into Fred and George’  boxe , though every now and then  he ca t  ideway  look  at Harry. Ron, who wa  now helping him elf to Harry…  toa t, wa   till gazing dreamily at the door. “What’  thi ?” Hermione a ked eventually, holding up what looked like a  mall tele cope. “Dunno,”  aid Ron, “but if Fred and George left it here, it’  probably not ready for the joke  hop yet,  o be careful” “Your mum  aid the  hop’  going well,”  aid Harry. “Said Fred and George have got a real flair for bu ine .” “That’  an under tatement,”  aid Ron. “They’re raking in the Galleon ! I can’t wait to  ee the place, we haven’t been to Diagon Alley yet, becau e Mum  ay  Dad’  got to be there for extra  ecurity and he’  been really bu y at work, but it  ound  excellent.” “And what about Percy?” a ked Harry; the thirdelde t Wea ley brother had fallen out with the re t of the family. “I  he talking to your mum and dad again?” “Nope,”  aid Ron. “But he know  your dad wa  right all along now about Voldemort being back…” “Dumbledore  ay  people find it far ea ier to forgive other  for being wrong than being right,”  aid Hermione. “I heard him telling your mum, Ron.” “Sound  like the  ort of mental thing Dumbledore would  ay,”  aid Ron. “He’  going to be giving me private le on  thi  year,”  aid Harry conver ationally. Ron choked on hi  bit of toa t, and Hermione ga ped. “You kept that quiet!”  aid Ron. “I only ju t remembered,”  aid Harry hone tly. “He told me la t night in your broom  hed.” “Blimey… private le on  with Dumbledore!”  aid Ron, looking impre ed. “I wonder why he’ … ?” Hi  voice tailed away. Harry  aw him and Hermione exchange look . Harry laid down hi  knife and fork, hi  heart beating rather fa t con idering that all he wa  doing wa   itting in bed. Dumbledore had  aid to do it… Why not now? He fixed hi  eye  on hi  fork, which wa  gleaming in the  unlight  treaming into hi  lap, and  aid, “I don’t know exactly why he’  going to be giving me le on , but I think it mu t be becau e of the prophecy.” Neither Ron nor Hermione  poke. Harry had the impre ion that both had frozen. He continued,  till  peaking to hi  fork, “You know, the one they were trying to  teal at the Mini try.” “Nobody know  what it  aid, though,”  aid Hermione quickly. “It got  ma hed.” “Although the Prophet  ay …” began Ron, but Hermione  aid, “Shh!” “The Prophet’  got it right,”  aid Harry, looking up at them both with a great effort: Hermione  eemed frightened and Ron amazed. “That gla  ball that  ma hed wa n’t the only record of the prophecy. I heard the whole thing in Dumbledore’  office, he wa  the one the prophecy wa  made to,  o he could tell me. From what it  aid,” Harry took a deep breath, “it look  like I’m the one who’  got to fini h off Voldemort… At lea t, it  aid neither of u  could live while the other  urvive .” The three of them gazed at one another in  ilence for a moment. Then there wa  a loud bang and Hermione vani hed behind a puff of black  moke. “Hermione!”  houted Harry and Ron; the breakfa t tray  lid to the floor with a cra h. Hermione emerged, coughing, out of the  moke, clutching the tele cope and  porting a brilliantly purple black eye. “I  queezed it and it… it punched me!”  he ga ped. And  ure enough, they now  aw a tiny fi t on a long  pring protruding from the end of the tele cope. “Don’t worry,”  aid Ron, who wa  plainly trying not to laugh, “Mum’ll fix that,  he’  good at healing minor injurie …” “Oh well, never mind that now!”  aid Hermione ha tily. “Harry, oh, Harry…” She  at down on the edge of hi  bed again. “We wondered, after we got back from the Mini try… Obviou ly, we didn’t want to  ay anything to you, but from what Luciu  Malfoy  aid about the prophecy, how it wa  about you and Voldemort, well, we thought it might be  omething like thi … Oh, Harry…” She  tared at him, then whi pered, “Are you  cared?” “Not a  much a  I wa ,”  aid Harry. “When I fir t heard it, I wa … but now, it  eem  a  though I alway  knew I’d have to face him in the end…” “When we heard Dumbledore wa  collecting you in per on, we thought he might be telling you  omething or  howing you  omething to do with the prophecy,”  aid Ron eagerly. “And we were kind of right, weren’t we? He wouldn’t be giving you le on  if he thought you were a goner, wouldn’t wa te hi  time… he mu t think you’ve got a chance!” “That’  true,”  aid Hermione. “I wonder what he’ll teach you, Harry? Really advanced defen ive magic, probably… powerful countercur e … antijinxe …” Harry did not really li ten. A warmth wa   preading through him that had nothing to do with the  unlight; a tight ob truction in hi  che t  eemed to be di olving. He knew that Ron and Hermione were more  hocked than they were letting on, but the mere fact that they were  till there on either  ide of him,  peaking bracing word  of comfort, not  hrinking from him a  though he were contaminated or dangerou , wa  worth more than he could ever tell them. “…and eva ive enchantment  generally,” concluded Hermione. “Well, at lea t you know one le on you’ll be having thi  year, that’  one more than Ron and me. I wonder when our OWL re ult  will come?” “Cant be long now, it’  been a month,”  aid Ron. “Hang on,”  aid Harry, a  another part of la t night’  conver ation came back to him. “I think Dumbledore  aid our OWL re ult  would be arriving today!” “Today?”  hrieked Hermione. “Today? But why didn’t you… oh my God… you  hould have  aid…” She leapt to her feet. “I’m going to  ee whether any owl  have come…” But when Harry arrived down tair  ten minute  later, fully dre ed and carrying hi  empty breakfa t tray, it wa  to find Hermione  itting at the kitchen table in great agitation, while Mr . Wea ley tried to le en her re emblance to half a panda. “It ju t won’t budge,” Mr . Wea ley wa   aying anxiou ly,  tanding over Hermione with her wand in her hand and a copy of The Healer’  Helpmate open at “Brui e , Cut , and Abra ion .” “Thi  ha  alway  worked before, I ju t can’t under tand it.” “It’ll be Fred and George’  idea of a funny joke, making  ure it can’t come off,”  aid Ginny. “But it’  got to come off!”  queaked Hermione. “I can’t go around looking like thi  forever!” “You won’t, dear, we’ll find an antidote, don’t worry,”  aid Mr . Wea ley  oothingly. “Bill told me W Fred and George are very amu ing!”  aid Fleur,  miling  erenely. “Ye , I can hardly breathe for laughing,”  napped Hermione. She jumped up and  tarted walking round and round the kitchen, twi ting her finger  together. “Mr . Wea ley, you’re quite, quite  ure no owl  have arrived thi  morning?” “Ye , dear, I’d have noticed,”  aid Mr . Wea ley patiently. “But it’  barely nine, there’   till plenty of time…” “I know I me ed up Ancient Rune ,” muttered Hermione feveri hly, “I definitely made at lea t one  eriou  mi tran lation. And the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  practical wa  no good at all. I thought Tran figuration went all right at the time, but looking back…” “Hermione, will you  hut up, you’re not the only one who’  nervou !” barked Ron. “And when you’ve got your eleven ‘Out tanding OWL …’” “Don’t, don’t, don’t!”  aid Hermione, flapping her hand  hy terically. “I know I’ve failed everything!” “What happen  if we fail?” Harry a ked the room at large, but it wa  again Hermione who an wered. “We di cu  our option  with our Head of Hou e, I a ked Profe or McGonagall at the end of la t term.” Harry’   tomach  quirmed. He wi hed he had eaten le  breakfa t. “At Beauxbaton ,”  aid Fleur complacently, “we ‘ad a different way of doing thing . I think eet wa  better. We  at our examination  after  ix year  of  tudy, not five, and then…” Fleur’  word  were drowned in a  cream. Hermione wa  pointing through the kitchen window. Three black  peck  were clearly vi ible in the  ky, growing larger all the time. “They’re definitely owl ,”  aid Ron hoar ely, jumping up to join Hermione at the window. “And there are three of them,”  aid Harry, ha tening to her other  ide. “One for each of u ,”  aid Hermione in a terrified whi per. “Oh no… oh no… oh no…” She gripped both Harry and Ron tightly around the elbow . The owl  were flying directly at the Burrow, three hand ome tawnie , each of which, it became clear a  they flew lower over the path leading up to the hou e, wa  carrying a large  quare envelope. “Oh no!”  quealed Hermione. Mr . Wea ley  queezed pa t them and opened the kitchen window. One, two, three, the owl   oared through it and landed on the table in a neat line. All three of them lifted their right leg . Harry moved forward. The letter addre ed to him wa  tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. He untied it with fumbling finger . To hi  left, Ron wa  trying to detach hi  own re ult ; to hi  right, Hermione’  hand  were  haking  o much  he wa  making her whole owl tremble. Nobody in the kitchen  poke. At la t, Harry managed to detach the envelope. He  lit it open quickly and unfolded the parchment in ide. Ordinary Wizarding Level Re ult  Pa  Grade : Out tanding (O) Exceed  Expectation  (E) Acceptable (A) Fail Grade : Poor (P) Dreadful (D) Troll (T) Harry Jame  Potter ha  achieved: A tronomy A Care of Magical Creature  E Charm  E Defen e Again t the Dark Art  O Divination P Herbology E Hi tory of Magic D Potion  E Tran figuration E Harry read the parchment through  everal time , hi  breathing becoming ea ier with each reading. It wa  all right: He had alway  known that he would fail Divination, and he had had no chance of pa ing Hi tory of Magic, given that he had collap ed halfway through the examination, but he had pa ed everything el e! He ran hi  finger down the grade … he had pa ed well in Tran figuration and Herbology, he had even exceeded expectation  at Potion ! And be t of all, he had achieved “Out tanding” at Defen e Again t the Dark Art ! He looked around. Hermione had her back to him and her head bent, but Ron wa  looking delighted. “Only failed Divination and Hi tory of Magic, and who care  about them?” he  aid happily to Harry. “Here…  wap…” Harry glanced down Ron’  grade : There were no “Out tanding ” there… “Knew you’d be top at Defen e Again t the Dark Art ,”  aid Ron, punching Harry on the  houlder. “We’ve done all right, haven’t we?” “Well done!”  aid Mr . Wea ley proudly, ruffling Ron’  hair. “Seven OWL , that’  more than Fred and George got together!” “Hermione?”  aid Ginny tentatively, for Hermione  till hadn’t turned around. “How did you do?” “I–not bad,”  aid Hermione in a  mall voice. “Oh, come off it,”  aid Ron,  triding over to her and whipping her re ult  out of her hand. “Yep… ten ‘Out tanding ’ and one ‘Exceed  Expectation ’ at Defen e Again t the Dark Art .” He looked down at her, halfamu ed, halfexa perated. “You’re actually di appointed, aren’t you?” Hermione  hook her head, but Harry laughed. “Well, we’re N.E.W.T.  tudent  now!” grinned Ron. “Mum, are there any more  au age ?” Harry looked back down at hi  re ult . They were a  good a  he could have hoped for. He felt ju t one tiny twinge of regret… Thi  wa  the end of hi  ambition to become an Auror. He had not  ecured the required Potion  grade. He had known all along that he wouldn’t, but he  till felt a  inking in hi   tomach a  he looked again at that  mall black E. It wa  odd, really,  eeing that it had been a Death Eater in di gui e who had fir t told Harry he would make a good Auror, but  omehow the idea had taken hold of him, and he couldn’t really think of anything el e he would like to be. Moreover, it had  eemed the right de tiny for him  ince he had heard the prophecy a few week  ago… Neither can live while the other  urvive …Wouldn’t he be living up to the prophecy, and giving him elf the be t chance of  urvival, if he joined tho e highly trained wizard  who e job it wa  to find and kill Voldemort? Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 6: Draco’  Detour Harry remained within the confine  of the Burrow’  garden over the next few week . He  pent mo t of hi  day  playing twoa ide Quidditch in the Wea ley ’ orchard (he and Hermione again t Ron and Ginny; Hermione wa  dreadful and Ginny good,  o they were rea onably well matched) and hi  evening  eating triple helping  of everything Mr . Wea ley put in front of him. It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had it not been for the  tone  of di appearance , odd accident , even of death  now appearing almo t daily in the Prophet. Sometime  Bill and Mr. Wea ley brought home new  before it even reached the paper. To Mr . Wea ley’  di plea ure, Harry’   ixteenth birthday celebration  were marred by gri ly tiding  brought to the party by Remu  Lupin, who wa  looking gaunt and grim, hi  brown hair  treaked liberally with gray, hi  clothe  more ragged and patched than ever. “There have been another couple of dementor attack ,” he announced, a  Mr . Wea ley pa ed him a large  lice of birthday cake. “And they’ve found Igor Karkaroff’  body in a  hack up north. The Dark Mark had been  et over it… well, frankly, I’m  urpri ed he  tayed alive for even a year after de erting the Death Eater ; Siriu ’  brother, Regulu , only managed a few day  a  far a  I can remember.” “Ye , well,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, frowning, “perhap  we  hould talk about  omething diff…” “Did you hear about Florean Forte cue, Remu ?” a ked Bill, who wa  being plied with wine by Fleur. “The man who ran…” “I  the icecream place in Diagon Alley?” Harry interrupted, with an unplea ant, hollow  en ation in the pit of hi   tomach. “He u ed to give me free ice cream . What’  happened to him?” “Dragged off, by the look of hi  place.” “Why?” a ked Ron, while Mr . Wea ley pointedly glared at Bill. “Who know ? He mu t’ve up et them  omehow. He wa  a good man, Florean.” “Talking of Diagon Alley,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, “look  like Ollivander’  gone too.” “The wandmaker?”  aid Ginny, looking  tartled. “That’  the one. Shop’  empty. No  ign of a  truggle. No one know  whether he left voluntarily or wa  kidnapped.” “But what’ll people do for wand ?” “They’ll make do with other maker ,”  aid Lupin. “But Ollivander wa  the be t, and if the other  ide have got him it’  not  o good for u .” The day after thi  rather gloomy birthday tea, their letter  and bookli t  arrived from Hogwart . Harry’  included a  urpri e: he had been made Quidditch Captain. “That give  you equal  tatu  with prefect !” cried Hermione happily. “You can u e our  pecial bathroom now and everything!” “Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of the e,”  aid Ron, examining the badge with glee. “Harry, thi  i   o cool, you’re my Captain… if you let me back on the team, I  uppo e, ha ha…” “Well, I don’t  uppo e we can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now you’ve got the e,”  ighed Mr . Wea ley, looking down Ron…  bookli t. “We’ll go on Saturday a  long a  your father doe n’t have to go into work again. I’m not going there without him.” “Mum, d’you hone tly think YouKnowWho’  going to be hiding behind a book helf in Flouri h and Blott ?”  niggered Ron. “Forte cue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they?”  aid Mr . Wea ley, firing up at once. “If you think  ecurity’  a laughing matter you can  tay behind and I’ll get your thing  my elf…” “No, I wanna come, I want to  ee Fred and George’   hop!”  aid Ron ha tily. “Then you ju t buck up your idea , young man, before I decide you’re too immature to come with u !”  aid Mr . Wea ley angrily,  natching up her clock, all nine hand  of which were  till pointing at “mortal peril,” and balancing it on top of a pile of ju tlaundered towel . “And that goe  for returning to Hogwart  a  well!” Ron turned to  tare incredulou ly at Harry a  hi  mother hoi ted the laundry ba ket and the teetering clock into her arm  and  tormed out of the room. “Blimey… you can’t even make a joke round here anymore…” But Ron wa  careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few day . Saturday dawned without any more outbur t  from Mr . Wea ley, though  he  eemed very ten e at breakfa t. Bill, who would be  taying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginny’  plea ure), pa ed a full money bag acro  the table to Harry. “Where’  mine?” demanded Ron at once, hi  eye  wide. “That’  already Harry’ , idiot,”  aid Bill. “I got it out of your vault for you, Harry, becau e it’  taking about five hour  for the public to get to their gold at the moment, the goblin  have tightened  ecurity  o much. Two day  ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe  tuck up hi … Well, tru t me, thi  way’  ea ier.” “Thank , Bill,”  aid Harry, pocketing hi  gold. “E i  alway   o thoughtful,” purred Fleur adoringly,  troking Bill’  no e. Ginny mimed vomiting into her cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over hi  cornflake , and Ron thumped him on the back. It wa  an overca t, murky day. One of the  pecial Mini try of Magic car , in which Harry had ridden once before, wa  awaiting them in the front yard when they emerged from the hou e, pulling on their cloak . “It’  good Dad can get u  the e again,”  aid Ron appreciatively,  tretching luxuriou ly a  the car moved  moothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were all  itting in roomy comfort in the wide back eat. “Don’t get u ed to it, it’  only becau e of Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley over hi   houlder. He and Mr . Wea ley were in front with the Mini try driver; the front pa enger  eat had obligingly  tretched into what re embled a two eater  ofa. “He’  been given topgrade  ecurity  tatu . And we’ll be joining up with additional  ecurity at the Leaky Cauldron too.” Harry  aid nothing; he did not much fancy doing hi   hopping while  urrounded by a battalion of Auror . He had  towed hi  Invi ibility Cloak in hi  backpack and felt that, if that wa  good enough for Dumbledore, it ought to be good enough for the Mini try, though now he came to think of it, he wa  not  ure the Mini try knew about hi  cloak. “Here you are, then,”  aid the driver, a  urpri ingly  hort while later,  peaking for the fir t time a  he  lowed in Charing Cro  Road and  topped out ide the Leaky Cauldron. “I’m to wait for you, any idea how long you’ll be?” “A couple of hour , I expect,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Ah, good, he’  here!” Harry imitated Mr. Wea ley and peered through the window; hi  heart leapt. There were no Auror  waiting out ide the inn, but in tead the gigantic, blackbearded form of Rubeu  Hagrid, the Hogwart  gamekeeper, wearing a long beaver kin coat, beaming at the  ight of Harry’  face and obliviou  to the  tartled  tare  of pa ing Muggle . “Harry!” he boomed,  weeping Harry into a bonecru hing hug the moment Harry had  tepped out of the car. “Buckbeak… Witherwing , I mean… yeh  hould  ee him, Harry, he’   o happy ter be back in the open air…” “Glad he’  plea ed,”  aid Harry, grinning a  he ma aged hi  rib . “We didn’t know ’ ecurity’ meant you!” “I know, ju ’ like old time , innit? See, the Mini try wanted ter  end a bunch o’ Auror , but Dumbledore  aid I’d do,”  aid Hagrid proudly, throwing out hi  che t and tucking hi  thumb  into hi  pocket . “Let  get goin’ then… after yeh, Molly, Arthur…” The Leaky Cauldron wa , for the fir t time in Harry’  memory, completely empty. Only Tom the landlord, wizened and toothle , remained of the old crowd. He looked up hopefully a  they entered, but before he could  peak, Hagrid  aid importantly, “Ju ’ pa in’ through today, Tom,  ure yeh under tand, Hogwart  bu ine , yeh know.” Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping gla e ; Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Wea ley  walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the du tbin   tood. Hagrid rai ed hi  pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a winding cobbled  treet. They  tepped through the entrance and pau ed, looking around. Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, glittering window di play  of  pellbook , potion ingredient , and cauldron  were lo t to view, hidden behind the large Mini try of Magic po ter  that had been pa ted over them. Mo t of the e  omber purple po ter  carried blownup ver ion  of the  ecurity advice on the Mini try pamphlet  that had been  ent out over the  ummer, but other  bore moving blackandwhite photograph  of Death Eater  known to be on the loo e. Bellatrix Le trange wa   neering from the front of the neare t apothecary. A few window  were boarded up, including tho e of Florean Forte cue’  Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a number of  habbylooking  tall  had  prung up along the  treet. The neare t one, which had been erected out ide Flouri h and Blott , under a  triped,  tained awning, had a cardboard  ign pinned to it  front: AMULETS Effective Again t Werewolve , Dementor , and Inferi! A  eedylooking little wizard wa  rattling armful  of  ilver  ymbol  on chain  at pa er by. “One for your little girl, madam?” he called at Mr . Wea ley a  they pa ed, leering at Ginny. “Protect her pretty neck?” “If I were on duty…”  aid Mr. Wea ley, glaring angrily at the amulet  eller. “Ye , but don’t go arre ting anyone now, dear, we’re in a hurry,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, nervou ly con ulting a li t. “I think we’d better do Madam Malkin’  fir t, Hermione want  new dre  robe , and Ron’   howing much too much ankle in hi   chool robe , and you mu t need new one  too, Harry, you’ve grown  o much… come on, everyone…” “Molly, it doe n’t make  en e for all of u  to go to Madam Malkin’ ,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Why don’t tho e three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flouri h and Blott  and get everyone’   choolbook ?” “I don’t know,”  aid Mr . Wea ley anxiou ly, clearly torn between a de ire to fini h the  hopping quickly and the wi h to  tick together in a pack. “Hagrid, do you think…- ?” “Don’t fret, they’ll be fine with me, Molly,”  aid Hagrid  oothingly, waving an airy hand the  ize of a du tbin lid. Mr . Wea ley did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the  eparation,  currying off toward Flouri h and Blott  with her hu band and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid  et off for Madam Malkin’ . Harry noticed that many of the people who pa ed them had the  ame harried, anxiou  look a  Mr . Wea ley, and that nobody wa   topping to talk anymore; the  hopper   tayed together in their own tightly knit group , moving intently about their bu ine . Nobody  eemed to be  hopping alone. “Migh’ be a bit of a  queeze in there with all of u ,”  aid Hagrid,  topping out ide Madam Malkin’  and bending down to peer through the window. “I’ll  tand guard out ide, all right?” So Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the little  hop together. It appeared, at fir t glance, to be empty, but no  ooner had the door  wung  hut behind them than they heard a familiar voice i uing from behind a rack of dre  robe  in  pangled green and blue. “… not a child, in ca e you haven’t noticed, Mother. I am perfectly capable of doing my  hopping alone.” There wa  a clucking noi e and a voice Harry recognized a  that of Madam Malkin, the owner,  aid, “Now, dear, your mother’  quite right, none of u  i   uppo ed to go wandering around on our own anymore, it’  nothing to do with being a child…” “Watch where you’re  ticking that pin, will you!” A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and whiteblond hair appeared from behind the rack, wearing a hand ome  et of dark green robe  that glittered with pin  around the hem and the edge  of the  leeve . He  trode to the mirror and examined him elf; it wa  a few moment  before he noticed Harry, Ron, and Hermione reflected over hi   houlder. Hi  light gray eye  narrowed. “If you’re wondering what the  mell i , Mother, a Mudblood ju t walked in,”  aid Draco Malfoy. “I don’t think there’  any need for language like that!”  aid Madam Malkin,  currying out from behind the clothe  rack holding a tape mea ure and a wand. “And I don’t want wand  drawn in my  hop either!”  he added ha tily, for a glance toward the door had  hown her Harry and Ron both  tanding there with their wand  out and pointing at Malfoy. Hermione, who wa   tanding  lightly behind them, whi pered, “No, don’t, hone tly, it’  not worth it. “ “Yeah, like you’d dare do magic out of  chool,”  neered Malfoy. “Who blacked your eye, Granger? I want to  end them flower .” “That’  quite enough!”  aid Madam Malkin  harply, looking over her  houlder for  upport. “Madam, plea e!” Narci a Malfoy  trolled out from behind the clothe  rack. “Put tho e away,”  he  aid coldly to Harry and Ron. “If you attack my  on again, I  hall en ure that it i  the la t thing you ever do.” “Really?”  aid Harry, taking a  tep forward and gazing into the  moothly arrogant face that, for all it  pallor,  till re embled her  i ter’ . He wa  a  tall a   he wa  now. “Going to get a few Death Eater pal  to do u  in, are you?” Madam Malkin  quealed and clutched at her heart. “Really, you  houldn’t accu e… dangerou  thing to  ay… wand  away, plea e!” But Harry did not lower hi  wand. Narci a Malfoy  miled unplea antly. “I  ee that being Dumbledore’  favorite ha  given you a fal e  en e of  ecurity, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won’t alway  be there to protect you.” Harry looked mockingly all around the  hop. “Wow… look at that… he’  not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your lo er of a hu band!” Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry, but  tumbled over hi  overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly. “Don’t you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter!” Malfoy  narled. “It’  all right, Draco,”  aid Narci a, re training him with her thin white finger  upon hi   houlder. “I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Siriu  before I am reunited with Luciu .” Harry rai ed hi  wand higher. “Harry, no!” moaned Hermione, grabbing hi  arm and attempting to pu h it down by hi   ide. “Think… You mu tn’t… You’ll be in  uch trouble…” Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the  pot, then  eemed to decide to act a  though nothing wa  happening in the hope that it wouldn’t. She bent toward Malfoy, who wa   till glaring at Harry. “I think thi  left  leeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me ju t…” “Ouch!” bellowed Malfoy,  lapping her hand away. “Watch where you’re putting your pin , woman! Mother, I don’t think I want the e anymore.” He pulled the robe  over hi  head and threw them onto the floor at Madam Malkin’  feet. “You’re right, Draco,”  aid Narci a, with a contemptuou  glance at Hermione, “now I know the kind of  cum that  hop  here… We’ll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting’ .” And with that, the pair of them  trode out of the  hop, Malfoy taking care to bang a  hard a  he could into Ron on the way out. “Well, really?  aid Madam Malkin,  natching up the fallen robe  and moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner,  o that it removed all the du t. She wa  di tracted all through the fitting of Ron’  and Harry’  new robe , tried to  ell Hermione wizard’  dre  robe  in tead of witch’ , and when  he finally bowed them out of the  hop it wa  with an air of being glad to  ee the back of them. “Got ev’rything?” a ked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at hi   ide. “Ju t about,”  aid Harry. “Did you  ee the Malfoy ?” “Yeah,”  aid Hagrid, unconcerned. “Bu they wouldn… dare make trouble in the middle o’ Diagon Alley, Harry. Don’ worry abou1 them.” Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged look , but before they could di abu e Hagrid of thi  comfortable notion, Mr. and Mr . Wea ley and Ginny appeared, all clutching heavy package  of book . “Everyone all right?”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Got your robe ? Right then, we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylop  on the way to Fred and George’ …  tick clo e, now…” Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredient  at the Apothecary,  eeing that they were no longer  tudying Potion , but both bought large boxe  of owl nut  for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylop  Owl Emporium. Then, with Mr . Wea ley checking her watch every minute or  o, they headed farther along the  treet in  earch of Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze , the joke  hop run by Fred and George. “We really haven’t got too long,” Mr . Wea ley  aid. “So we’ll ju t have a quick look around and then back to the car. We mu t be clo e, that’  number ninetytwo… ninetyfour…” “Whoa,” aid Ron,  topping in hi  track . Set again t the dull, po termuffled  hop Front  around them, Fred and George  window  hit the eye like a firework di play. Ca ual pa er by were looking back over their  houlder  at the window , and a few rather  tunnedlooking people had actually come to a halt, tran fixed. The lefthand window wa  dazzlingly full of an a ortment of good  that revolved, popped, fla hed, bounced, and  hrieked; Harry  eye  began to water ju t looking at it. The righthand window wa  covered with a gigantic po ter, purple like tho e of the Mini try, but emblazoned with fla hing yellow letter : WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT YOUKNOWWHO? YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT UNOPOO– THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION THAT’S GRIPPING THE NATION! Harry  tarted to laugh. He heard a weak  ort of moan be ide him and looked around to  ee Mr . Wea ley gazing, dumbfounded, at the po ter. Her lip  moved  ilently, mouthing the name “UNoPoo.” “They’ll be murdered in their bed !”  he whi pered. “No they won’t!”  aid Ron, who, like Harry, wa  laughing. “Thi  i  brilliant!” And he and Harry led the way into the  hop. It wa  packed with cu tomer ; Harry could not get near the  helve . He  tared around, looking up at the boxe  piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxe  that the twin  had perfected during their la t, unfini hed year at Hogwart ; Harry noticed that the No ebleed Nougat wa  mo t popular, with only one battered box left on the  helf. There were bin  full of trick wand , the cheape t merely turning into rubber chicken  or pair  of brief  when waved, the mo t expen ive beating the unwary u er around the head and neck, and boxe  of quill , which came in SelfInking, SpellChecking, and SmartAn wer varietie . A  pace cleared in the crowd, and Harry pu hed hi  way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted tenyearold  wa  watching a tiny little wooden man  lowly a cending the  tep  to a real  et of gallow , both perched on a box that read: Reu able hangman -  pell it or he’ll  wing! “Patented Daydream Charm ” Hermione had managed to  queeze through to a large di play near the counter and wa  reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a hand ome youth and a  wooning girl who were  tanding on the deck of a pirate  hip. “One  imple incantation and you will enter a topquality, highly reali tic, thirtyminute daydream, ea y to fit into the average  chool le on and virtually undetectable ( ide effect  include vacant expre ion and minor drooling). Not for  ale to under ixteen . You know,”  aid Hermione, looking up at Harry, “that really i  extraordinary magic!” “For that, Hermione,”  aid a voice behind them, “you can have one for free.” A beaming Fred  tood before them, wearing a  et of magenta robe  that cla hed magnificently with hi  flaming hair. “How are you, Harry?” They  hook hand . “And what’  happened to your eye, Hermione?” Your punching tele cope,”  he  aid ruefully. “Oh blimey, I forgot about tho e,”  aid Fred. “Here…” He pulled a tub out of hi  pocket and handed it to her;  he un crewed it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow pa te. “Ju t dab it on, that brui e’ll be gone within the hour,”  aid Fred. “We had to find a decent brui e remover. We’re te ting mo t of our product  on our elve .” Hermione looked nervou . “It i   afe, i n’t it?”  he a ked. “Cour e it i ,”  aid Fred bracingly. “Come on, Harry, I’ll give you a tour.” Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with pa te and followed Fred toward the back of the  hop, where he  aw a  tand of card and rope trick . “Muggle magic trick !”  aid Fred happily, pointing them out. “For freak  like Dad, you know, who love Muggle  tuff. It’  not a big earner, but we do fairly  teady bu ine , they’re great noveltie … Oh, here’  George…” Fred’  twin  hook Harry  hand energetically. “Giving him the tour? Come through the back, Harry, that’  where we’re making the real money…pocket anything, you, and you’ll pay in more than Galleon !” he added warningly to a  mall boy who ha tily whipped hi  hand out of the tub labeled: EDIBLE DARK MARKS—-THEY’LL MAKE ANYONE SICK! George pu hed back a curtain be ide the Muggle trick  and Harry  aw a darker, le  crowded room. The packaging on the product  lining the e  helve  wa  more  ubdued. “We’ve ju t developed thi  more  eriou  line,”  aid Fred. “Funny how it happened…” “You wouldn’t believe how many people, even people who work at the Mini try, can’t do a decent Shield Charm,”  aid George. “‘Cour e, they didn’t have you teaching them, Harry.” “That’  right… Well, we thought Shield Hat  were a bit of a laugh, you know, challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch hi  face when the jinx ju t bounce  off. But the Mini try bought five hundred for all it   upport  taff! And we’re  till getting ma ive order !” “So we’ve expanded into a range of Shield Cloak , Shield Glove …” “… I mean, they wouldn’t help much again t the Unforgivable Cur e , but for minor to moderate hexe  or jinxe …” “And then we thought we’d get into the whole area of Defen e Again t the Dark Art , becau e it’   uch a money  pinner,” continued George enthu ia tically. “Thi  i  cool. Look, In tant Darkne  Powder, we’re importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to make a quick e cape.” “And our Decoy Detonator  are ju t walking off the  helve , look,”  aid Fred, pointing at a number of weirdlooking black horntype object  that were indeed attempting to  curry out of  ight. “You ju t drop one  urreptitiou ly and it’ll run off and make a nice loud noi e out of  ight, giving you a diver ion if you need one. “Handy,”  aid Harry, impre ed. “Here,”  aid George, catching a couple and throwing them to Harry. A young witch with  hort blonde hair poked her head around the curtain; Harry  aw that  he too wa  wearing magenta  taff robe . “There’  a cu tomer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Mr. Wea ley and Mr. Wea ley,”  he  aid. Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called “Mr. Wea ley,” but they took it in their  tride. “Right you are, Verity, I’m coming,”  aid George promptly. “Harry, you help your elf to anything you want, all right? No charge.” “I can’t do that!”  aid Harry, who had already pulled out hi  money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonator . “You don’t pay here,”  aid Fred firmly, waving away Harry’  gold. “But…” “You gave u  our  tartup loan, we haven’t forgotten,”  aid George  ternly “Take whatever you like, and ju t remember to tell people where you got it, if they a k.” George  wept off through the curtain to help with the cu tomer , and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the  hop to find Hermione and Ginny  till poring over the Patented Daydream Charm . “Haven’t you girl  found our  pecial WonderWitch product  yet?” a ked Fred. “Follow me, ladie …” Near the window wa  an array of violently pink product  around which a clu ter of excited girl  wa  giggling enthu ia tically. Hermione and Ginny both hung back, looking wary. “There you go,”  aid Fred proudly. “Be t range of love potion  you’ll find anywhere.” Ginny rai ed an eyebrow  keptically. “Do they work?”  he a ked. “Certainly they work, for up to twentyfour hour  at a time depending on the weight of the boy in que tion…” “… and the attractivene  of the girl,”  aid George, reappearing  uddenly at their  ide. “But we’re not  elling them to our  i ter,” he added, becoming  uddenly  tern, “not when  he’  already got about five boy  on the go from what we’ve…” “Whatever you’ve heard from Ron i  a big fat lie,”  aid Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a  mall pink pot off the  helf. “What’  thi ?” “Guaranteed ten econd pimple vani her,”  aid Fred. “Excellent on everything from boil  to blackhead , but don’t change the  ubject. Are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thoma ?” “Ye , I am,”  aid Ginny. “And la t time I looked, he wa  definitely one boy, not five. What are tho e?” She wa  pointing at a number of round ball  of fluff in  hade  of pink and purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting highpitched  queak . “Pygmy Puff ,”  aid George. “Miniature puff kein , we can…t breed them fa t enough. So what about Michael Corner?” “I dumped him, he wa  a bad lo er,”  aid Ginny, putting a finger through the bar  of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puff  crowd around it. “They’re really cute!” “They’re fairly cuddly, ye ,” conceded Fred. “But you’re moving through boyfriend  a bit fa t, aren’t you?” Ginny turned to look at him, her hand  on her hip . There wa   uch a Mr . Wea leyi h glare on her face that Harry wa   urpri ed Fred didn’t recoil. “It’  none of your bu ine . And I’ll thank you”  he added angrily to Ron, who had ju t appeared at George’  elbow, laden with merchandi e, “not to tell tale  about me to the e two!” “That’  three Galleon , nine Sickle , and a Knut,”  aid Fred, examining the many boxe  in Ron’  arm . “Cough up.” “I’m your brother!” “And that’  our  tuff you’re nicking. Three Galleon , nine Sickle . I’ll knock off the Knut.” “But I haven’t got three Galleon , nine Sickle !” “You’d better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right  helve .” Ron dropped  everal boxe ,  wore, and made a rude hand ge ture at Fred that wa  unfortunately  potted by Mr . Wea ley, who had cho en that moment to appear. “If I  ee you do that again I’ll jinx your finger  together,”  he  aid  harply. “Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?”  aid Ginny at once. “A what?”  aid Mr . Wea ley warily. “Look, they’re  o  weet…” Mr . Wea ley moved a ide to look at the Pygmy Puff , and Harry, Ron, and Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy wa  hurrying up the  treet alone. A  he pa ed Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze , he glanced over hi   houlder. Second  later, he moved beyond the  cope of the window and they lo t  ight of him. “Wonder where hi  mummy i ?”  aid Harry, frowning. “Given her the  lip by the look  of it,”  aid Ron. “Why, though?”  aid Hermione. Harry  aid nothing; he wa  thinking too hard. Narci a Malfoy would not have let her preciou   on out of her  ight willingly; Malfoy mu t have made a real effort to free him elf from her clutche . Harry, knowing and loathing Malfoy, wa   ure the rea on could not be innocent. He glanced around. Mr . Wea ley and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy Puff . Mr. Wea ley wa  delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked playing card . Fred and George were both helping cu tomer . On the other  ide of the gla , Hagrid wa   tanding with hi  back to them, looking up and down the  treet. “Get under here, quick,”  aid Harry, pulling hi  Invi ibility Cloak out of hi  bag. “Oh, I don’t know, Harry,”  aid Hermione, looking uncertainly toward Mr . Wea ley. “Come on,”  aid Ron. She he itated for a  econd longer, then ducked under the cloak with Harry and Ron. Nobody noticed them vani h; they were all too intere ted in Fred and George’  product . Harry, Ron, and Hermione  queezed their way out of the door a  quickly a  they could, but by the time they gained the  treet, Malfoy had di appeared ju t a   ucce fully a  they had. “He wa  going in that direction,” murmured Harry a  quietly a  po ible,  o that the humming Hagrid would not hear them…Cmon… They  curried along, peering left and right, through  hop window  and door , until Hermione pointed ahead. “That’  him, i n’t it?”  he whi pered. “Turning left?” “Big  urpri e,” whi pered Ron. For Malfoy had glanced around, then  lid into Knockturn Alley and out of  ight. “Quick, or we’ll lo e him,”  aid Harry,  peeding up. “Our feet’ll be  een!”  aid Hermione anxiou ly, a  the cloak flapped a little around their ankle ; it wa  much more difficult hiding all three of them under the cloak nowaday . “It doe n’t matter,”  aid Harry impatiently. “Ju t hurry!” But Knockturn Alley, the  ide  treet devoted to the Dark Art , looked completely de erted. They peered into window  a  they pa ed, but none of the  hop   eemed to have any cu tomer  at all. Harry  uppo ed it wa  a bit of a giveaway in the e dangerou  and  u piciou  time  to buy Dark artifact … or at lea t, to be  een buying them. Hermione gave hi  arm a hard pinch. “Ouch!” “Shh! Look! He’  in there!”  he breathed in Harry’  ear. They had drawn level with the only  hop in Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever vi ited, Borgin and Burke , which  old a wide variety of  ini ter object . There in the mid t of the ca e  full of  kull  and old bottle   tood Draco Malfoy with hi  back to them, ju t vi ible beyond the very  ame large black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Malfoy and hi  father. Judging by the movement  of Malfoy’  hand , he wa  talking animatedly. The proprietor of the  hop, Mr. Borgin, an oilyhaired,  tooping man,  tood facing Malfoy. He wa  wearing a curiou  expre ion of mingled re entment and fear. “If only we could hear what they’re  aying!”  aid Hermione. “We can!”  aid Ron excitedly. “Hang on, damn.” He dropped a couple more of the boxe  he wa   till clutching a  he fumbled with the large t. “Extendable Ear , look!” “Fanta tic!”  aid Hermione, a  Ron unraveled the long, fle hcolored  tring  and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door. “Oh, I hope the door i n’t Imperturbable…” “No!”  aid Ron gleefully. “Li ten!” They put their head  together and li tened intently to the end  of the  tring , through which Malfoy’  voice could be heard loud and clear, a  though a radio had been turned on. “… you know how to fix it?” “Po ibly,”  aid Borgin, in a tone that  ugge ted he wa  unwilling to commit him elf. “I’ll need to  ee it, though. Why don’t you bring it into the  hop?” “I can’t,”  aid Malfoy. “It’  got to  tay put. I ju t need you to tell me how to do it.” Harry  aw Borgin lick hi  lip  nervou ly. “Well, without  eeing it, I mu t  ay it will be a very difficult job, perhap  impo ible. I couldn’t guarantee anything.” “No?”  aid Malfoy, and Harry knew, ju t by hi  tone, that Malfoy wa   neering. “Perhap  thi  will make you more confident.” He moved toward Borgin and wa  blocked from view by the cabinet. Harry, Ron, and Hermione  huffled  ideway  to try and keep him in  ight, but all they could  ee wa  Borgin, looking very frightened. “Tell anyone,”  aid Maifoy, “and there will be retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback? He’  a family friend. He’ll be dropping in from time to time to make  ure you’re giving the problem your full attention.” “There will be no need for…” “I’ll decide that,”  aid Malfoy. “Well, I’d better be off. And don’t forget to keep that one  afe, I’ll need it.” “Perhap  you’d like to take it now?” “No, of cour e I wouldn’t, you  tupid, little man, how would I look carrying that down the  treet? Ju t don’t  ell it.” “Of cour e not…  ir.” Borgin made a bow a  deep a  the one Harry had once  een him give Luciu  Malfoy. “Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that include  my mother, under tand?” “Naturally, naturally,” murmured Borgin, bowing again. Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly a  Malfoy  talked out of the  hop looking very plea ed with him elf. He pa ed  o clo e to Harry, Ron, and Hermione that they felt the cloak flutter around their knee  again. In ide the  hop, Borgin remained frozen; hi  unctuou   mile had vani hed; he looked worried. “What wa  that about?” whi pered Ron, reeling in the Extendable Ear . “Dunno,”  aid Harry, thinking hard. “He want   omething mended… and he want  to re erve  omething in there… Could you  ee what he pointed at when he  aid ‘that one’?” “No, he wa  behind that cabinet…” “You two  tay here,” whi pered Hermione. “What are you… ?” But Hermione had already ducked out from under the cloak. She checked her hair in the reflection in the gla , then marched into the  hop,  etting the bell tinkling again. Ron ha tily fed the Extendable Ear  back under the door and pa ed one of the  tring  to Harry. “Hello, horrible morning, i n’t it?” Hermione  aid brightly to Borgin, who did not an wer, but ca t her a  u piciou  look. Humming cheerily, Hermione  trolled through the jumble of object  on di play. “I  thi  necklace for  ale?”  he a ked, pau ing be ide a gla fronted ca e. “If you’ve got one and a half thou and Galleon ,”  aid Mr. Borgin coldly. “Oh… er… no, I haven’t got quite that much,”  aid Hermione, walking on. “And… what about thi  lovely… um…  kull?” “Sixteen Galleon .” “So it’  for  ale, then? It i n’t being… kept for anyone?” Mr. Borgin  quinted at her. Harry had the na ty feeling he knew exactly what Hermione wa  up to. Apparently Hermione felt  he had been rumbled too becau e  he  uddenly threw caution to the wind . “The thing i , that… er… boy who wa  in here ju t now, Draco Malfoy, well, he’  a friend of mine, and I want to get him a birthday pre ent, but if he’  already re erved anything, I obviou ly don’t want to get him the  ame thing,  o… um…” It wa  a pretty lame  tory in Harry’  opinion, and apparently Borgin thought  o too. “Out,” he  aid  harply. “Get out!” Hermione did not wait to be a ked twice, but hurried to the door with Borgin at her heel . A  the bell tinkled again, Borgin  lammed the door behind her and put up the clo ed  ign. “Ah well,”  aid Ron, throwing the cloak back over Hermione. “Worth a try, but you were a bit obviou …” “Well, next time you can  how me how it’  done, Ma ter of My tery!”  he  napped. Ron and Hermione bickered all the way back to Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze , where they were forced to  top  o that they could dodge undetected around a very anxiou looking Mr . Wea ley and Hagrid, who had clearly noticed their ab ence. Once in the  hop, Harry whipped off the Invi ibility Cloak, hid it in hi  bag, and joined in with the other two when they in i ted, in an wer to Mr . Wea ley  accu ation , that they had been in the back room all along, and that  he could not have looked properly. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 7: The Slug Club Harry  pent a lot of the la t week of the holiday  pondering the meaning of Malfoy’  behavior in Knockturn Alley. What di turbed him mo t wa  the  ati fied look on Malfoy’  face a  he had left the  hop. Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be good new . To hi   light annoyance, however, neither Ron nor Hermione  eemed quite a  curiou  about Malfoy’  activitie  a  he wa ; or at lea t, they  eemed to get bored of di cu ing it after a few day . “Ye , I’ve already agreed it wa  fi hy, Harry,”  aid Hermione a little impatiently. She wa   itting on the window ill in Fred and George’  room with her feet up on one of the cardboard boxe  and had only grudgingly looked up from her new copy of Advanced Rune Tran lation. “But haven’t we agreed there could be a lot of explanation ?” “Maybe he’  broken hi  Hand of Glory”  aid Ron vaguely, a  he attempted to  traighten hi  broom tick’  bent tail twig . “Remember that  hriveledup arm Malfoy had?” “But what about when he  aid, ‘Don’t forget to keep that one  afe’?” a ked Harry for the umpteenth time. “That  ounded to me like Borgin’  got another one of the broken object , and Malfoy want  both.” “You reckon?”  aid Ron, now trying to  crape  ome dirt off hi  broom handle. “Yeah, I do,”  aid Harry. When neither Ron nor Hermione an wered, he  aid, “Malfoy’  father’  in Azkaban. Don’t you think Malfoy’d like revenge?” Ron looked up, blinking. “Malfoy, revenge? What can he do about it?” “That’  my point, I don’t know!”  aid Harry, fru trated. “But he’  up to  omething and I think we  hould take it  eriou ly. Hi  father’  a Death Eater and …” Harry broke off, hi  eye  fixed on the window behind Hermione, hi  mouth open. A  tartling thought had ju t occurred to him. “Harry?”  aid Hermione in an anxiou  voice. “What’  wrong?” “Your  car’  not hurting again, i  it?” a ked Ron nervou ly. “He’  a Death Eater,”  aid Harry  lowly. “He’  replaced hi  father a  a Death Eater!” There wa  a  ilence; then Ron erupted in laughter. “Malfoy? He’   ixteen, Harry! You think YouKnowWho would let Malfoy join?” “It  eem  very unlikely, Harry,”  aid Hermione in a repre ive  ort of voice. “What make  you think … ?” “In Madam Malkin’ . She didn’t touch him, but he yelled and jerked hi  arm away from her when  he went to roll up hi   leeve. It wa  hi  left arm. He’  been branded with the Dark Mark.” Ron and Hermione looked at each other. “Well…”  aid Ron,  ounding thoroughly unconvinced. “I think he ju t wanted to get out of there, Harry,”  aid Hermione. “He  howed Borgin  omething we couldn’t  ee,” Harry pre ed on  tubbornly. “Something that  eriou ly  cared Borgin. It wa  the Mark, I know it… he wa   howing Borgin who he wa  dealing with, you  aw how  eriou ly Borgin took him!” Ron and Hermione exchanged another look. “I’m not  ure, Harry…” “Yeah, I  till don’t reckon YouKnowWho would let Malfoy join…” Annoyed, but ab olutely convinced he wa  right, Harry  natched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robe  and left the room; Mr . Wea ley had been urging them for day  not to leave their wa hing and packing until the la t moment. On the landing he bumped into Ginny, who wa  returning to her room carrying a pile of fre hly laundered clothe . “I wouldn’t go in the kitchen ju t now,”  he warned him. “There’  a lot of Phlegm around.” “I’ll be careful not to  lip in it.” Harry  miled. Sure enough, when he entered the kitchen it wa  to find Fleur  itting at the kitchen table, in full flow about plan  for her wedding to Bill, while Mr . Wea ley kept watch over a pile of  elfpeeling  prout , looking badtempered. “… Bill and I ‘ave almo t decided on only two bride maid , Ginny and Gabrielle will look very  weet togezzer. I am theenking of dre ing zem in pale gold, pink would of cour e be ‘orrible with Ginny’  ‘air!” “Ah, Harry!”  aid Mr . Wea ley loudly, cutting acro  Fleur’  monologue. “Good, I wanted to explain about the  ecurity arrangement  for the journey to Hogwart  tomorrow. We’ve got Mini try car  again, and there will be Auror  waiting at the  tation.” “I  Tonk  going to be there?” a ked Harry, handing over hi  Quidditch thing . “No, I don’t think  o,  he’  been  tationed  omewhere el e from what Arthur  aid.” “She ha  let ‘er elf go, zat Tonk ,” Fleur mu ed, examining her own  tunning reflection in the back of a tea poon. “A big mi take if you a k.” “Ye , thank you,”  aid Mr . Wea ley tartly, cutting acro  Fleur again. “You’d better get on, Harry, I want the trunk  ready tonight, if po ible,  o we don’t have the u ual la tminute  cramble.” And in fact, their departure the following morning wa   moother than u ual. The Mini try car  glided up to the front of the Burrow to find them waiting, trunk  packed; Hermione’  cat, Crook hank ,  afely enclo ed in hi  traveling ba ket; and Hedwig; Ron’  owl, Pigwidgeon; and Ginny’  new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cage . “Au revoir, ‘Any,”  aid Fleur throatily, ki ing him goodbye. Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but Ginny  tuck out her foot and Ron fell,  prawling in the du t at Fleur’  feet. Furiou , redfaced, and dirt pattered, he hurried into the car without  aying goodbye. There wa  no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at King’  Cro  Station. In tead, two grimfaced, bearded Auror  in dark Muggle  uit  moved forward the moment the car   topped and, flanking the party, marched them into the  tation without  peaking. “Quick, quick, through the barrier,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, who  eemed a little flu tered by thi  au tere efficiency. “Harry had better go fir t, with…” She looked inquiringly at one of the Auror , who nodded briefly,  eized Harry’  upper arm, and attempted to  teer him toward the barrier between platform  nine and ten. “I can walk, thank ,”  aid Harry irritably, jerking hi  arm out of the Auror’  grip. He pu hed hi  trolley directly at the  olid barrier, ignoring hi   ilent companion, and found him elf, a  econd later,  tanding on platform nine and threequarter , where the  carlet Hogwart  Expre   tood belching  team over the crowd. Hermione and the Wea ley  joined him within  econd . Without waiting to con ult hi  grimfaced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform, looking for an empty compartment. “We can’t, Harry,”  aid Hermione, looking apologetic. “Ron and I’ve got to go to the prefect ’ carriage fir t and then patrol the corridor  for a bit.” “Oh yeah, I forgot,”  aid Harry. “You’d better get  traight on the train, all of you, you’ve only got a few minute  to go,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, con ulting her watch. “Well, have a lovely term, Ron…” “Mr. Wea ley, can I have a quick word?”  aid Harry, making up hi  mind on the  pur of the moment. “Of cour e,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, who looked  lightly  urpri ed, but followed Harry out of ear hot of the other  neverthele . Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclu ion that, if he wa  to tell anyone, Mr. Wea ley wa  the right per on; fir tly, becau e he worked at the Mini try and wa  therefore in the be t po ition to make further inve tigation , and  econdly, becau e he thought that there wa  not too much ri k of Mr. Wea ley exploding with anger. He could  ee Mr . Wea ley and the grimfaced Auror ca ting the pair of them  u piciou  look  a  they moved away. “When we were in Diagon Alley,” Harry began, but Mr. Wea ley fore talled him with a grimace. “Am I about to di cover where you, Ron, and Hermione di appeared to while you were  uppo ed to be in the back room of Fred and George’   hop?” “How did you…?” “Harry, plea e. You’re talking to the man who rai ed Fred and George.” “Er… yeah, all right, we weren’t in the back room.” “Very well, then, let’  hear the wor t.” “Well, we followed Draco Malfoy. We u ed my Invi ibility Cloak.” “Did you have any particular rea on for doing  o, or wa  it a mere whim?” “Becau e I thought Malfoy wa  up to  omething,”  aid Harry, di regarding Mr. Wea ley’  look of mingled exa peration and amu ement. “He’d given hi  mother the  lip and I wanted to know why.” “Of cour e you did,”  aid Mr. Wea ley,  ounding re igned. “Well? Did you find out why?” “He went into Borgin and Burke ,”  aid Harry, “and  tarted bullying the bloke in there, Borgin, to help him fix  omething. And he  aid he wanted Borgin to keep  omething el e for him. He made it  ound like it wa  the  ame kind of thing that needed fixing. Like they were a pair. And…” Harry took a deep breath. “There’   omething el e. We  aw Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch hi  left arm. I think he’  been branded with the Dark Mark. 1 think he’  replaced hi  father a  a Death Eater.” Mr. Wea ley looked taken aback. After a moment he  aid, “Harry, I doubt whether YouKnowWho would allow a  ixteenyearold…” “Doe  anyone really know what YouKnowWho would or wouldn’t do?” a ked Harry angrily. “Mr. Wea ley, I’m  orry, but i n’t it worth inve tigating? If Malfoy want   omething fixing, and he need  to threaten Borgin to get it done, it’  probably  omething Dark or dangerou , i n’t it?” “I doubt it, to be hone t, Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley  lowly. “You  ee, when Luciu  Malfoy wa  arre ted, we raided hi  hou e. We took away everything that might have been dangerou .” “I think you mi ed  omething,”  aid Harry  tubbornly. “Well, maybe,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, but Harry could tell that Mr. Wea ley wa  humoring him. There wa  a whi tle behind them; nearly everyone had boarded the train and the door  were clo ing. “You’d better hurry!’  aid Mr. Wea ley, a  Mr . Wea ley cried, “Harry, quickly!” He hurried forward and Mr. and Mr . Wea ley helped him load hi  trunk onto the train. “Now, dear, you’re coming to u  for Chri tma , it’  all fixed with Dumbledore,  o we’ll  ee you quite  oon,”  aid Mr . Wea ley through the window, a  Harry  lammed the door  hut behind him and the train began to move. “You make  ure you look after your elf and…” The train wa  gathering  peed. “…be good and…” , She wa  jogging to keep up now. “… tay  afe!” Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and Mr. and Mr . Wea ley were lo t to view, then turned to  ee where the other  had got to. He  uppo ed Ron and Hermione were cloi tered in the prefect ’ carriage, but Ginny wa  a little way along the corridor, chatting to  ome friend . He made hi  way toward her, dragging hi  trunk. People  tared  hamele ly a  he approached. They even pre ed their face  again t the window  of their compartment  to get a look at him. He had expected an up wing in the amount of gaping and gawping he would have to endure thi  term after all the “Cho en One” rumor  in the Daily Prophet, but he did not enjoy the  en ation of  tanding in a very bright  potlight. He tapped Ginny on the  houlder. “Fancy trying to find a compartment?” “I can’t, Harry, I  aid I’d meet Dean,”  aid Ginny brightly. “See you later.” “Right,”  aid Harry. He felt a  trange twinge of annoyance a   he walked away, her long red hair dancing behind her; he had become  o u ed to her pre ence over the  ummer that he had almo t forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with him, Ron, and Hermione while at  chool. Then he blinked and looked around: He wa   urrounded by me merized girl . “Hi, Harry!”  aid a familiar voice from behind him. “Neville!”  aid Harry in relief, turning to  ee a roundfaced boy  truggling toward him. “Hello, Harry,”  aid a girl with long hair and large mi ty eye , who wa  ju t behind Neville. “Luna, hi, how are you?” “Very well, thank you,”  aid Luna. She wa  clutching a magazine to her che t; large letter  on the front announced that there wa  a pair of free Spectre pec  in ide. “Quibbler  till going  trong, then?” a ked Harry, who felt a certain fondne  for the magazine, having given it an exclu ive interview the previou  year. “Oh ye , circulation’  well up,”  aid Luna happily. “Let’  find  eat ,”  aid Harry, and the three of them  et off along the train through horde  of  ilently  taring  tudent . At la t they found an empty compartment, and Harry hurried in ide gratefully. “They’re even  taring at u ?  aid Neville, indicating him elf and Luna. “Becau e we’re with you!” “They’re  taring at you becau e you were at the Mini try too,”  aid Harry, a  he hoi ted hi  trunk into the luggage rack. “Our little adventure there wa  all over the Daily Prophet, you mu t’ve  een it.” “Ye , I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity,”  aid Neville, “but  he wa  really plea ed. Say  I’m  tarting to live up to my dad at long la t. She bought me a new wand, look!” He pulled it out and  howed it to Harry. “Cherry and unicorn hair,” he  aid proudly. “We think it wa  one of the la t Ollivander ever  old, he vani hed next day … oi, come back here, Trevor!” And he dived under the  eat to retrieve hi  toad a  it made one of it  frequent bid  for freedom. “Are we  till doing D.A. meeting  thi  year, Harry?” a ked Luna, who wa  detaching a pair of p ychedelic  pectacle  from the middle of The Quibbler. “No point now we’ve got rid of Umbridge, i  there?”  aid Harry,  itting down. Neville bumped hi  head again t the  eat a  he emerged from under it. He looked mo t di appointed. “I liked the D.A.! I learned load  with you!” “I enjoyed the meeting  too,”  aid Luna  erenely. “It wa  like having friend .” Thi  wa  one of tho e uncomfortable thing  Luna often  aid and which made Harry feel a  quirming mixture of pity and embarra ment. Before he could re pond, however, there wa  a di turbance out ide their compartment door; a group of fourthyear girl  wa  whi pering and giggling together on the other  ide of the gla . “You a k him!” No, you! “I’ll do it!” And one of them, a boldlooking girl with large dark eye , a prominent chin, and long black hair pu hed her way through the door. “Hi, Harry, I’m Romilda, Romilda Vane,”  he  aid loudly and confidently. “Why don’t you join u  in our compartment? You don’t have to  it with them,”  he added in a  tage whi per, indicating Neville’  bottom, which wa   ticking out from under the  eat again a  he groped around for Trevor, and Luna, who wa  now wearing her free Spectre pec , which gave her the look of a demented, multicolored owl. “They’re friend  of mine,”  aid Harry coldly. “Oh,”  aid the girl, looking very  urpri ed. “Oh. Okay.” And  he withdrew,  liding the door clo ed behind her. “People expect you 10 have cooler friend  than u ,”  aid Luna, once again di playing her knack for embarra ing hone ty. “You are cool,”  aid Harry  hortly. “None of them wa  at the Mini try. They didn’t fight with me.” “That’  a very nice thing to  ay,” beamed Luna. Then  he pu hed her Spectre pec  farther up her no e and  ettled down to read The Quibbler. “We didn’t face him, though,”  aid Neville, emerging from under the  eat with fluff and du t in hi  hair and a re ignedlooking Trevor in hi  hand. “You did. You  hould hear my gran talk about you. ‘That Harry Potter’  got more backbone than the whole Mini try of Magic put together!’ She’d give anything to have you a  a grand on… Harry laughed uncomfortably and changed the  ubject to OWL. re ult  a   oon a  he could. While Neville recited hi  grade  and wondered aloud whether he would be allowed to take a Tran figuration NEWT, with only an “Acceptable,” Harry watched him without really li tening. Neville’  childhood had been blighted by Voldemort ju t a  much a  Harry’  had, but Neville had no idea how clo e he had come to having Harry’  de tiny. The prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, for hi  own in crutable rea on , Voldemort had cho en to believe that Harry wa  the one meant. Had Voldemort cho en Neville, it would be Neville  itting oppo ite Harry bearing the lightning haped  car and the weight of the prophecy… Or would it? Would Neville’  mother have died to  ave him, a  Lily had died for Harry? Surely  he would… But what if  he had been unable to  tand between her  on and Voldemort? Would there then have been no “Cho en One” at all? An empty  eat where Neville now  at and a  carle  Harry who would have been ki ed goodbye by hi  own mother, not Ron’ ? “You all right, Harry? You look funny,”  aid Neville. Harry  tarted. “Sorry … I …” “Wrack purt got you?” a ked Luna  ympathetically, peering at Harry through her enormou  colored  pectacle . “I… what?” “A Wrack purt… They’re invi ible. They float in through your ear  and make your brain go fuzzy,”  he  aid. “I thought I felt one zooming around in here.” She flapped her hand  at thin air, a  though beating off large invi ible moth . Harry and Neville caught each other’  eye  and ha tily began to talk of Quidditch. The weather beyond the train window  wa  a  patchy a  it had been all  ummer; they pa ed through  tretche  of the chilling mi t, then out into weak, clear  unlight. It wa  during one of the clear  pell , when the  un wa  vi ible almo t directly overhead, that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at la t. “Wi h the lunch trolley would hurry up, I’m  tarving,”  aid Ron longingly,  lumping into the  eat be ide Harry and rubbing hi   tomach. “Hi, Neville. Hi, Luna. Gue  what?” he added, turning to Harry. “Malfoy   not doing prefect duty. He’  ju t  itting in hi  compartment with the other Slytherin , we  aw him when we pa ed.” Harry  at up  traight, intere ted. It wa  not like Malfoy to pa  up the chance to demon trate hi  power a  prefect, which he had happily abu ed all the previou  year. “What did he do when he  aw you?” “The u ual,”  aid Ron indifferently, demon trating a rude hand ge ture. “Not like him, though, i  it? Well… that i ” — he did the hand ge ture again — “but why i n’t he out there bullying fir t year ? “Dunno,”  aid Harry, but hi  mind wa  racing. Didn’t thi  look a  though Malfoy had more important thing  on hi  mind than bullying younger  tudent ? “Maybe he preferred the Inqui itorial Squad,”  aid Hermione. “Maybe being a prefect  eem  a bit tame after that.” “I don’t think  o,”  aid Harry. “I think he’  …” But before he could expound on hi  theory, the compartment door  lid open again and a breathle  thirdyear girl  tepped in ide. “I’m  uppo ed to deliver the e to Neville Longbottom and Harry PPotter,”  he faltered, a  her eye  met Harry’  and  he turned  carlet. She wa  holding out two  croll  of parchment tied with violet ribbon. Perplexed, Harry and Neville took the  croll addre ed to each of them and the girl  tumbled back out of the compartment. “What i  it?” Ron demanded, a  Harry unrolled hi . “An invitation,”  aid Harry. Harry, I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C. Sincerely, Horace “But what doe  he want me for?” a ked Neville nervou ly, a  though he wa  expecting detention. “No idea,”  aid Harry, which wa  not entirely true, though he had no proof yet that hi  hunch wa  correct. “Li ten,” he added,  eized by a  udden brain wave, “let’  go under the Invi ibility Cloak, then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way,  ee what he’  up to.” Thi  idea, however, came to nothing: The corridor , which were packed with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley, were impo ible to negotiate while wearing the cloak. Harry  towed it regretfully back in hi  bag, reflecting that it would have been nice to wear it ju t to avoid all the  taring, which  eemed to have increa ed in inten ity even  ince he had la t walked down the train. Every now and then,  tudent  would hurtle out of their compartment  to get a better look at him. The exception wa  Cho Chang, who darted into her compartment when  he  aw Harry coming. A  Harry pa ed the window, he  aw her deep in determined conver ation with her friend Marietta, who wa  wearing a very thick layer of makeup that did not entirely ob cure the odd formation of pimple   till etched acro  her face. Smirking  lightly, Harry pu hed on. When they reached compartment C, they  aw at once that they were not Slughorn’  only invitee , although judging by the enthu ia m of Slughorn’  welcome, Harry wa  the mo t warmly anticipated. “Harry, m’boy!”  aid Slughorn, jumping up at the  ight of him  o that hi  great velvetcovered belly  eemed to fill all the remaining  pace in the compartment. Hi   hiny bald head and great  ilvery mu tache gleamed a  brightly in the  unlight a  the golden button  on hi  wai tcoat. “Good to  ee you, good to  ee you! And you mu t be Mr. Longbottom!” Neville nodded, looking  cared. At a ge ture from Slughorn, they  at down oppo ite each other in the only two empty  eat , which were neare t the door. Harry glanced around at their fellow gue t . He recognized a Slytherin from their year, a tall black boy with high cheekbone  and long,  lanting eye ; there were al o two  eventhyear boy  Harry did not know and,  qua hed in the corner be ide Slughorn and looking a  though  he wa  not entirely  ure how  he had got there, Ginny. “Now, do you know everyone?” Slughorn a ked Harry and Neville. “Blai e Zabini i  in your year, of cour e –“ Zabini did not make any  ign of recognition or greeting, nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and Slytherin  tudent  loathed each other on principle. “Thi  i  Cormac McLaggen, perhap  you’ve come acro  each other … ? No?” McLaggen, a large, wiryhaired youth, rai ed a hand, and Harry and Neville nodded back at him. “… and thi  i  Marcu  Belby, I don’t know whether …?” Belby, who wa  thin and nervou looking, gave a  trained  mile. “… and thi  charming young lady tell  me  he know  you!” Slughorn fini hed. Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorn’  back. “Well now, thi  i  mo t plea ant,”  aid Slughorn cozily. “A chance to get to know you all a little better. Here, take a napkin. I’ve packed my own lunch; the trolley, a  I remember it, i  heavy on licorice wand , and a poor old man’  dige tive  y tem i n’t quite up to  uch thing … Phea ant, Belby?” Belby  tarted and accepted what looked like half a cold phea ant. “I wa  ju t telling young Marcu  here that I had the plea ure of teaching hi  Uncle Damocle ,” Slughorn told Harry and Neville, now pa ing around a ba ket of roll . “Out tanding wizard, out tanding, and hi  Order of Merlin mo t wellde erved. Do you  ee much of your uncle, Marcu ?” Unfortunately, Beiby had ju t taken a large mouthful of phea ant; in hi  ha te to an wer Slughorn he  wallowed too fa t, turned purple, and began to choke. “Anapneo,”  aid Slughorn calmly, pointing hi  wand at Belby, who e airway  eemed to clear at once. “Not… not much of him, no,” ga ped Belby, hi  eye   treaming. “Well, of cour e, I dare ay he’  bu y,”  aid Slughorn, looking que tioningly at Belby. “I doubt he invented the Wolf bane Potion without con iderable hard work!” “I  uppo e…”  aid Belby, who  eemed afraid to take another bite of phea ant until he wa   ure that Slughorn had fini hed with him. “Er… he and my dad don’t get on very well, you  ee,  o I don’t really know much about…” Hi  voice tailed away a  Slughorn gave him a cold  mile and turned to McLaggen in tead. “Now, you, Cormac,”  aid Slughorn, “I happen to know you  ee a lot of your Uncle Tiberiu , becau e he ha  a rather  plendid picture of the two of you hunting nogtail  in, I think, Norfolk?” “Oh, yeah, that wa  fun, that wa ,”  aid McLaggen. “We went with Bertie Higg  and Rufu  Scrimgeour; thi  wa  before he became Mini ter, obviou ly …” “Ah, you know Bertie and Rufu  too?” beamed Slughorn, now offering around a  mall tray of pie ;  omehow, Belby wa  mi ed out. “Now tell me…” It wa  a  Harry had  u pected. Everyone here  eemed to have been invited becau e they were connected to  omebody wellknown or influential… everyone except Ginny. Zabini, who wa  interrogated after McLaggen, turned out to have a famou ly beautiful witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out,  he had been married  even time , each of her hu band  dying my teriou ly and leaving her mound  of gold). It wa  Neville’  turn next: Thi  wa  a very uncomfortable ten minute , for Neville’  parent , wellknown Auror , had been tortured into in anity by Bellatrix Le trange and a couple of Death Eater cronie . At the end of Neville’  interview, Harry had the impre ion that Slughorn wa  re erving judgment on Neville, yet to  ee whether he had any of hi  parent ’ flair. “And now,”  aid Slughorn,  hifting ma ively in hi   eat with the air of a compere introducing hi   tar act. “Harry Potter! Where to begin? I feel I barely  cratched the  urface when we met over the  ummer!” He contemplated Harry for a moment a  though he wa  a particularly large and  ucculent piece of phea ant, then  aid, “‘The Cho en One,’ they’re calling you now!” Harry  aid nothing. Belby, McLaggen, and Zabini were all  taring at him. “Of cour e,”  aid Slughorn, watching Harry clo ely, “there have been rumor  for year … I remember when … well … after that terrible night … Lily … Jame  … and you  urvived … and the word wa  that you mu t have power  beyond the ordinary …” Zabini gave a tiny little cough that wa  clearly  uppo ed to indicate amu ed  keptici m. An angry voice bur t out from behind Slughorn. “Yeah, Zabini, becau e you’re  o talented… at po ing…” “Oh dear!” chuckled Slughorn comfortably, looking around at Ginny, who wa  glaring at Zabini around Slughorn’  great belly. “You want to be careful, Blai e! I  aw thi  young lady perform the mo t marvelou  BatBogey Hex a  I wa  pa ing her carriage! I wouldn’t cro  her!” Zabini merely looked contemptuou . “Anyway,”  aid Slughorn, turning back to Harry. “Such rumor  thi   ummer. Of cour e, one doe n’t know what to believe, the Prophet ha  been known to print inaccuracie , make mi take  … but there  eem  little doubt, given the number of witne e , that there wa  quite a di turbance at the Mini try and that you were there in the thick of it all!” Harry, who could not  ee any way out of thi  without flatly lying, nodded but  till  aid nothing. Slughorn beamed at him. “So mode t,  o mode t, no wonder Dumbledore i   o fond … you were there, then? But the re t of the  torie  …  o  en ational, of cour e, one doe n’t know quite what to believe … thi  fabled prophecy, for in tance …” “We never heard a prophecy,”  aid Neville, turning geranium pink a  he  aid it. “That’  right,”  aid Ginny  taunchly. “Neville and I were both there too, and all thi  ‘Cho en One’ rubbi h i  ju t the Prophet making thing  up a  u ual.” “You were both there too, were you?”  aid Slughorn with great intere t, looking from Ginny to Neville, but both of them  at clamlike before hi  encouraging  mile. “Ye … well… it i  true that the Prophet often exaggerate , of cour e…” Slughorn  aid,  ounding a little di appointed. “I remember dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jone , I mean, of cour e, Captain of the Holyhead Harpie ) …” He meandered off into a longwinded remini cence, but Harry had the di tinct impre ion that Slughorn had not fini hed with him, and that he had not been convinced by Neville and Ginny. The afternoon wore on with more anecdote  about illu triou  wizard  Slughorn had taught, all of whom had been delighted to join what he called the “Slug Club” at Hogwart . Harry could not wait to leave, but couldn’t  ee how to do  o politely. Finally the train emerged from yet another long mi ty  tretch into a red  un et, and Slughorn looked around, blinking in the twilight. “Good graciou , it’  getting dark already! I didn’t notice that they’d lit the lamp ! You’d better go and change into your robe , all of you. McLaggen, you mu t drop by and borrow that book on nogtail . Harry, Blai e … any time you’re pa ing. Same goe  for you, mi ,” he twinkled at Ginny. “Well, off you go, off you go!” A  he pu hed pa t Harry into the darkening corridor, Zabini  hot him a filthy look that Harry returned with intere t. He, Ginny, and Neville followed Zabini back along the train. “I’m glad that’  over,” muttered Neville. “Strange man, i n’t he?” “Yeah, he i  a bit,”  aid Harry, hi  eye  on Zabini. “How come you ended up in there, Ginny?” “He  aw me hex Zacharia  Smith,”  aid Ginny. “You remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who wa  in the D.A.? He kept on and on a king about what happened at the Mini try and in the end he annoyed me  o much I hexed him … when Slughorn came in I thought I wa  going to got detention, but he ju t thought it wa  ;i really good hex and invited me to lunch! Mad, eh?” “Better rea on for inviting  omeone than becau e their mother’  famou ,”  aid Harry,  cowling at the back of Zabini’  head, “or becau e their uncle…” But he broke off. An idea had ju t occurred to him, a reckle  but potentially wonderful idea… In a minute’  time, Zabini wa  going to reenter the Slytherin  ixthyear compartment and Malfoy would be  itting there, thinking him elf unheard by anybody except fellow Slytherin … If Harry could only enter, un een, behind him, what might he not  ee or hear? True, there wa  little of the journey left … Hog meade Station had to be le  than half an hour away, judging by the wildne  of the  cenery fla hing by the window  … but nobody el e  eemed prepared to take Harry’   u picion   eriou ly,  o it wa  down to him to prove them. “I’ll  ee you two later,”  aid Harry under hi  breath, pulling out hi  Invi ibility Cloak and flinging it over him elf. “But what’re you … ?” a ked Neville. “Later!” whi pered Harry, darting after Zabini a  quietly a  po ible, though the rattling of the train made  uch caution almo t pointle . The corridor  were almo t completely empty now. Nearly everyone had returned to their carriage  to change into their  chool robe  and pack up their po e ion . Though he wa  a  clo e a  he could get to Zabini without touching him, Harry wa  not quick enough to  lip into the compartment when Zabini opened the door. Zabini wa  already  liding it  hut when Harry ha tily  tuck out hi  foot to prevent it clo ing. “What’  wrong with thi  thing?”  aid Zabini angrily a  he  ma hed the  liding door repeatedly into Harry’  foot. Harry  eized the door and pu hed it open, hard; Zabini,  till clinging on to the handle, toppled over  ideway  into Gregory Goyle’  lap, and in the en uing rucku , Harry darted into the compartment, leapt onto Zabini’  temporarily empty  eat, and hoi ted him elf up into the luggage rack. It wa  fortunate that Goyle and Zabini were  narling at each other, drawing all eye  onto them, for Harry wa  quite  ure hi  feet and ankle  had been revealed a  the cloak had flapped around them; indeed, for one horrible moment he thought he  aw Malfoy’  eye  follow hi  trainer a  it whipped upward out of  ight. But then Goyle  lammed the door  hut and flung Zabini off him; Zabini collap ed into hi  own  eat looking ruffled, Vincent Crabbe returned to hi  comic, and Malfoy,  niggering, lay back down acro  two  eat  with hi  head in Pan y Parkin on  lap. Harry lay curled uncomfortably under the cloak to en ure that every inch of him remained hidden, and watched Pan y  troke the  leek blond hair off Malfoy’  forehead,  mirking a   he did  o, a  though anyone would have loved to have been in her place. The lantern   winging from the carriage ceiling ca t a bright light over the  cene: Harry could read every word of Crabbe’  comic directly below him. “So, Zabini,”  aid Malfoy, “what did Slughorn want?” “Ju t trying to make up to wellconnected people,”  aid Zabini, who wa   till glowering at Goyle. “Not that he managed to find many.” Thi  information did not  eem to plea e Malfoy. “Who el e had he invited?” he demanded. “McLaggen from Gryffindor,”  aid Zabini. “Oh yeah, hi  uncle’  big in the Mini try,”  aid Malfoy. “…  omeone el e called Belby, from Ravenclaw …” “Not him, he’  a prat!”  aid Pan y. “… and Longbottom, Potter, and that Wea ley girl,” fini hed Zabini. Malfoy  at up very  uddenly, knocking Pan y’  hand a ide. “He invited Longbottom?.” “Well, I a ume  o, a  Longbottom wa  there,”  aid Zabini indifferently. “What’  Longbottom got to intere t Slughorn?” Zabini  hrugged. “Potter, preciou  Potter, obviou ly he wanted a look at ‘the Cho en One,’”  neered Malfoy, “but that Wea ley girl! What’   o  pecial about her?” “A lot of boy  like her,”  aid Pan y, watching Malfoy out of the corner of her eye  for hi  reaction. “Even you think  he’  goodlooking, don’t you, Blai e, and we all know how hard you are to plea e! “I wouldn’t touch a filthy little blood traitor like her whatever  he looked like,”  aid Zabini coldly, and Pan y looked plea ed. Malfoy  ank back acro  her lap and allowed her to re ume the  troking of hi  hair. “Well, I pity Slughorn’  ta te. Maybe he’  going a bit  enile. Shame, my father alway   aid he wa  a good wizard in hi  day. My father u ed to be a bit of a favorite of hi . Slughorn probably ha n’t heard I’m on the train, or…” “I wouldn’t bank on an invitation,”  aid Zabini. “He a ked me about Nott  father when I fir t arrived. They u ed to be old friend , apparently, but when he heard he’d been caught at the Mini try he didn’t look happy, and Nott didn’t get an invitation, did he? 1 don’t think Slughorn’  intere ted in Death Eater .” Malfoy looked angry, but forced out a  ingularly humorle  laugh. “Well, who care  what he’  intere ted in? What i  he, when you come down to it? Ju t  ome  tupid teacher.” Malfoy yawned o tentatiou ly. “I mean, I might not even be at Hogwart  next year, what’  it matter to me if  ome fat old ha been like  me or not?” “What do you mean, you might not be at Hogwart  next year?”  aid Pan y indignantly, cea ing grooming Malfoy at once. “Well, you never know,”  aid Malfoy with the gho t of a  mirk. “I might have … er … moved on to bigger and better thing .” Crouched in the luggage rack under hi  cloak, Harry’  heart began to race. What would Ron and Hermione  ay about thi ? Crabbe and Goyle were gawping at Malfoy; apparently they had had no inkling of any plan  to move on to bigger and better thing . Even Zabini had allowed a look of curio ity to mar hi  haughty feature . Pan y re umed the  low  troking of Malfoy   hair, looking dumbfounded. “Do you mean…” Malfoy  hrugged. “Mother want  me to complete my education, but per onally, I don’t  ee it a  that important the e day . I mean, think about it… When the Dark Lord take  over, i  he going to care how many OWL  or N.E.W.T.S anyone’  got? Of cour e he i n’t. It’ll be all about the kind of  ervice he received, the level of devotion he wa   hown.” “And you think you’ll be able to do  omething for him?” a ked Zabini  cathingly. “Sixteen year  old and noi even fully qualified yet?” “I’ve ju t  aid, haven’t I? Maybe he doe n’t care if I’m qualified. Maybe the job he want  me to do i n’t  omething that you need to be qualified for,”  aid Malfoy quietly. Crabbe and Goyle were both  itting with their mouth  open like gargoyle . Pan y wa  gazing down at Malfoy a  though  he had never  een anything  o awein piring. “I can  ee Hogwart ,”  aid Malfoy, clearly reli hing the effect he had created a  he pointed out of the blackened window. “We’d better get our robe  on.” Harry wa   o bu y  taring at Malfoy, he did not notice Goyle reaching up for hi  trunk; a  he  wung it down, it hit Harry hard on the  ide of the head. He let out an involuntary ga p of pain, and Malfoy looked up at the luggage rack, frowning. Harry wa  not afraid of Malfoy, but he  till did not much like the idea of being di covered hiding under hi  Invi ibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherin . Eye   till watering and head  till throbbing, he drew hi  wand, careful not to di arrange the cloak, and waited, breath held. To hi  relief, Malfoy  eemed to decide that he had imagined the noi e; he pulled on hi  robe  like the other , locked hi  trunk, and a  the train  lowed to a jerky crawl, fa tened a thick new traveling cloak round hi  neck. Harry could  ee the corridor  filling up again and hoped that Hermione and Ron would take hi  thing  out onto the platform for him; he wa   tuck where he wa  until the compartment had quite emptied. At la t, with a final lurch, the train came to a complete halt. Goyle threw the door open and mu cled hi  way out into a crowd of  econd year , punching them a ide; Crabbe and Zabini followed. “You go on,” Malfoy told Pan y, who wa  waiting for him with her hand held out a  though hoping he would hold it. “I ju t want to check  omething.” Pan y left. Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the compartment. People were filing pa t, de cending onto the dark platform. Malfoy moved over to the compartment door and let down the blind ,  o that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. He then bent down over hi  trunk and opened it again. Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack, hi  heart pumping a little fa ter. What had Malfoy wanted to hide from Pan y? Wa  he about to  ee the my teriou  broken object it wa   o important to mend? “Petrificu  Totalu !” Without warning, Malfoy pointed hi  wand at Harry, who wa  in tantly paralyzed. A  though in  low motion, he toppled out of the luggage rack and fell, with an agonizing, floor haking cra h, at Malfoy’  feet, the Invi ibility Cloak trapped beneath him, hi  whole body revealed with hi  leg   till curled ab urdly into the cramped kneeling po ition. He couldn’t move a mu cle; he could only gaze up at Malfoy, who  miled broadly. “I thought  o,” he  aid jubilantly. “I heard Goyle’  trunk hit you. And I thought I  aw  omething white fla h through the air after Zabini came back…” Hi  eye  lingered for a moment upon Harry’  trainer . “You didn’t hear anything I care about, Potter. But while I’ve got you here…” And he  tamped, hard, on Harry’  face. Harry felt hi  no e break; blood  purted everywhere. “That’  from my father. Now, let’   ee…” Malfoy dragged the cloak out from under Harry’  immobilized body and threw it over him. “I don’t reckon they’ll find you till the train  back in London,” he  aid quietly. “See you around, Potter… or not.” And taking care to tread on Harry’  finger , Malfoy left the compartment. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 8 — Victoriou  Snape Harry could not move a mu cle. He lay there beneath the Invi ibility Cloak feeling the blood from hi  no e flow, hot and wet, over hi  face, li tening to the voice  and foot tep  in the corridor beyond. Hi  immediate thought wa  that  omeone would,  urely check the compartment  before the train departed again. But at once came the di piriting realization that even if  omebody looked into the compartment, he would be neither  een nor heard. Hi  be t hope wa  that  omebody el e would walk in and  tep on him. Harry had never hated Malfoy more than a  he lay there, like an ab urd turtle on it  back, blood dripping  ickeningly into hi  open mouth. What a  tupid  ituation to have landed him elf in… and now the la t few foot tep  were dying away; everyone wa   huffling along the dark platform out ide; he could hear the  craping of trunk  and loud babble of talk. Ron and Hermione would think that he had left the train without them. Once they arrived at Hogwart  and took their place  in the Great Hall, looked up and down the Gryffindor table a few time , and finally realized that he wa  not there, he, no doubt, would be halfway back to London. He tried to make a  ound, even a grunt, but it wa  impo ible. Then he remembered that  ome wizard , like Dumbledore, could perform  pell  without  peaking,  o he tried to  ummon hi  wand, which had fallen out of hi  hand, by  aying the word  “Accio Wand!” over and over again in hi  head, but nothing happened. He thought he could hear the ru tling of the tree  that  urrounded the lake, and the faroff hoot of an owl, but no hint of a  earch being made or even (he de pi ed him elf  lightly for hoping it) panicked voice  wondering where Harry Potter had gone. A feeling of hopele ne   pread through him a  he imagined the convoy of the traldrawn carriage  trundling up to the  chool and the muffled yell  of laughter i uing from whichever carriage Malfoy wa  riding in, where he could be recounting hi  attack on Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pan y Parkin on. The train lurched, cau ing Harry to roll over onto hi   ide. Now he wa   taring at the du ty under ide of the  eat  in tead of the ceiling. The floor began to vibrate a  the engine roared into life. The Expre  wa  leaving and nobody knew he wa   till on it… Then he felt hi  Invi ibility Cloak fly off him and a voice overhead  aid, “Wotcher, Harry.” There wa  a fla h of red light and Harry’  body unfroze; he wa  able to pu h him elf into a more dignified  itting po ition, ha tily wipe the blood off hi  brui ed race with the back of hi  hand, and rai e hi  head to look up at Tonk , who wa  holding the Invi ibiliiy Cloak  he had ju t pulled away. We’d better get out of here, quickly,”  he  aid, a  the train window  became ob cured with  team and they began to move out of the  tation. “Come on, we’ll jump.” Harry hurried after her into the corridor. She pulled open the train door and leapt onto the platform, which  eemed to be  liding underneath them a  the train gathered momentum. He followed her,  taggered a little on landing, then  traightened up in time to  ee the gleaming  carlet  team engine pick up  peed, round the corner, and di appear from view. The cold night air wa   oothing on hi  throbbing no e. Tonk  wa  looking at him; he felt angry and embarra ed that he had been di covered in  uch a ridiculou  po ition. Silently  he handed him back the Invi ibility Cloak. “Who did it?” “Draco Malfoy,”  aid Harry bitterly. “Thank  for… well…” “No problem,”  aid Tonk , without  miling. From what Harry could  ee in the darkne ,  he wa  a  mou yhaired and mi erablelookinng a   he had been when he had met her at the Burrow. “I can fix your no e if you  tand  till.” Harry did not think much of thi  idea; he had been intending to vi it Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in whom he had a little more confidence when it came to Healing Spell , but it  eemed rude to  ay thi ,  o he  tayed  tock till and clo ed hi  eye , “Epi key”  aid Tonk . Harry’  no e felt very hot, and then very cold. He rai ed a hand and felt gingerly. It  eemed to be mended. “Thank  a lot!” “You’d better put that cloak back on, and we can walk up to the  chool,”  aid Tonk ,  till un miling. A  Harry  wung the cloak back over him elf,  he waved her wand; an immen e  ilvery fourlegged creature erupted from it and  treaked off into the darkne . ”Wa  that a Patronu ?” a ked Harry, who had  een Dumbledore  end me age  like thi . “Ye , I’m  ending word to the ca tle that I’ve got you or they’ll worry. Come on, we’d better not dawdle.” They  et off toward the lane that led to the  chool. “How did you find me?” “I noticed you hadn’t left the train and I knew you had that cloak. I thought you might be hiding for  ome rea on. When I  aw the blind  were drawn down on that compartment I thought I’d check.” “But what are you doing here, anyway?” Harry a ked. “I’m  tationed in Hog meade now, to give the  chool extra protection,”  aid Tonk . “I  it ju t you who’   tationed up here, or — ?” “No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawli h are here too.” “Dawli h, that Auror Dumbledore attacked la t year?” “That’  right.” They trudged up the dark, de erted lane, following the fre hly made carriage track . Harry looked  ideway  at Tonk  under hi  cloak. La t year  he had been inqui itive (to the point of being a little annoying at time ),  he had laughed ea ily,  he had made joke . Now  he  eemed older and much more  eriou  and purpo eful. Wa  thi  all the effect of what had happened at the Mini try? He reflected uncomfortably that Hermione would have  ugge ted he  ay  omething con oling about Siriu  to her, that it hadn’t been her fault at all, but he couldn’t bring him elf to do it. He wa  far from blaming her for Siriu ’  death; it wa  no more her fault than anyone el e’  (and much le  than hi ), but he did not like talking about Siriu  if he could avoid it. And  o they tramped on through the cold night in  ilence, Tonk ’  long cloak whi pering on the ground behind them. Having alway  traveled there by carriage, Harry had never before appreciated ju t how far Hogwart  wa  from Hog meade Station. With great relief he finally  aw the tall pillar  on either  ide of the gate , each topped with a winged boar. He wa  cold, he wa  hungry and he wa  quite keen to leave thi  new, gloomy Tonk  behind. But when he put out a hand to pu h open the gate , he found them chained  hut. “Alohomora!” he  aid confidently, pointing hi  wand at the padlock, but nothing happened. “That won’t work on the e,”  aid Tonk . “Dumbledore bewitched them him elf.” Harry looked around, I could climb a wall,” he  ugge ted. “No, you couldn’t,”  aid Tonk  flatly. “Antiintruder jinxe  on all of them. Security’  been tightened a hundredfold thi   ummer.” “Well then,”  aid Harry,  tarting to feel annoyed at her lack of helpfulne , “I  uppo e I’ll ju t have to  leep out here and wait for morning.” “Someone’  coming down for you,”  aid Tonk , “Look.” A lantern wa  bobbing at the di tant foot of the ca tle. Harry wa   o plea ed to  ee it he felt he could even endure Filch’  wheezy critici m  of hi  tardine  and rant  about how hi  timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumb crew . It wa  not until the glowing yellow light wa  ten feet away from them, and had pulled off hi  Invi ibility Cloak  o that he could be  een, that he recognized, with a ru h of pure loathing, the uplit hooked no e and long, black, grea y hair of Severu  Snape. “Well, well, well,”  neered Snape, taking out hi  wand and tapping the padlock once,  o that the chain   naked backward and the gate  creaked open. “Nice of you to turn up, Potter, although you have evidently decided that the wearing of  chool robe  would detract from your appearance.” “I couldn’t change, I didn’t have my —” Harry began, but Snape cut acro  him. “There i  no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter i  quite — ah —  afe in my hand .” “I meant Hagrid to get the me age,”  aid Tonk , frowning. “Hagrid wa  late for the  tartofterm fea t, ju t like Potter here,  o I took it in tead. And incidentally,”  aid Snape,  tanding back to allow Harry to pa  him, “I wa  intere ted to  ee your new Patronu .” He  hut the gate  in her face with a loud clang and tapped the chain  with hi  wand again,  o that they  lithered, clinking, back into place. “I think you were better off with the old one,”  aid Snape, the malice in hi  voice unmi takable. “The new one look  weak.” A  Snape  wung the lantern about, Harry  aw, fleetingly, a look of  hock and anger on Tonk ’  face. Then  he wa  covered in darkne  once more. “Good night,” Harry called to her over hi   houlder, a  he began the walk up to the  chool with Snape. “Thank  for … everything,” “See you, Harry.” Snape did not  peak for a minute or  o. Harry felt a  though hi  body wa  generating wave  of hatred  o powerful that it  eemed incredible that Snape could not feel them burning him. He had loathed Snape from their fir t encounter, but Snape had placed him elf forever and irrevocably beyond the po ibility of Harry’  forgivene  by hi  attitude toward Siriu . Whatever Dumbledore  aid, Harry had had time to think over the  ummer, and had concluded that Snape’   nide remark  to Siriu  about remaining  afely hidden while the re t of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably been a powerful factor in Siriu  ru hing off to the Mini try the night that he had died. Harry clung to thi  notion, becau e it enabled him to blame Snape, which felt  ati fying, and al o becau e he knew that if anyone wa  not  orry that Siriu  wa  dead, it wa  the man now  triding next to him in the darkne . “Fifty point  from Gryffindor for latene , I think,”  aid Snape. “And, let me  ee, another twenty for your Muggle attire. You know, I don’t believe any Hou e ha  ever been in negative figure  thi  early in the term: We haven’t even  tarted pudding. You might have  et a record, Potter.” The fury and hatred bubbling in ide Harry  eemed to blaze whitehot, but he would rather have been immobilized all the way back to London than tell Snape why he wa  late. “I  uppo e you wanted to make an entrance, did you?” Snape continued. “And with no flying car available you decided that bur ting into the Great Hall halfway through the fea t ought to create a dramatic effect.” Still Harry remained  ilent, though he thought hi  che t might explode. He knew that Snape had come to fetch him for thi , for the few minute  when he could needle and torment Harry without anyone el e li tening. They reached the ca tle  tep  at la t and a  the great oaken front door   wung open into the va t flagged entrance hall, a bur t of talk and laughter and of tinkling plate  and gla e  greeted them through the door   tanding open into the Great Hail. Harry wondered whether he could  lip hi  Invi ibility Cloak back on, thereby gaining hi   eat at the long Gryffindor table (which, inconveniently, wa  the farthe t from the entrance hall) without being noticed. A  though he had read Harry’  mind, however, Snape  aid, “No cloak. You can walk in  o that everyone  ee  you, which i  what you wanted, I’m  ure.” Harry turned on the  pot and marched  traight through the open door : anything to get away from Snape. The Great Hall with it  four long Hou e table  and it   taff table  et at the top of the room wa  decorated a  u ual with floating candle  that made the plate  below glitter and glow. It wa  all a  himmering blur to Harry, however, who walked  o fa t that he wa  pa ing the Hufflepuff table before people really  tarted to  tare, and by the time they were  tanding up to get a good look at him, he had  potted Ron and Hermione,  ped along the benche  toward them, and forced hi  way in between them. “Where’ve you — blimey, what’ve you done to your face?”  aid Ron, goggling at him along with everyone el e in the vicinity. I “Why, what’  wrong with it?”  aid Harry, grabbing a  poon and  quinting at hi  di torted reflection. “You’re covered in blood!”  aid Hermione. “Come here —” She rai ed her wand,  aid “Tergeo!” and  iphoned off the dried blood. “Thank ,”  aid Harry, feeling hi  now clean face. “How’  my no e looking? “Normal,”  aid Hermoine anxiou ly. “Why  houldn’t it? Harry, what happened? We’ve been terrified!” “I’ll tell you later,”  aid Harry curtly. He wa  very con ciou  that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamu  were li tening in; even Nearly Headle  Nick, the Gryffindor gho t, had come floating along the bench to eave drop. “But —”  aid Hermione. “Not now, Hermione,”  aid Harry, in a darkly  ignificant voice. He hoped very much that they would all a ume he had been involved in  omething heroic, preferably involving a couple of Death Eater  and a dementor. Of cour e, Malfoy would  pread the  tory a  wide a  he could, but there wa  alway  a chance it wouldn’t reach too many Gryffindor ear . He reached acro  Ron for a couple of chicken leg  and a handful of chip , but before he could take them they vani hed, to be replaced with pudding . “You mi ed the Sorting, anyway,”  aid Hermione, a  Ron dived for a large chocolate gateau. “Hat  ay anything intere ting?” a ked Harry, taking a piece of treacle tart. “More of the  ame, really . . . advi ing u  all to unite in the face enemie , you know.” “Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all?” “Not yet, but he alway   ave  hi  proper  peech for after the the fea t doe n’t he? It can’t be long now.” “Snape  aid Hagrid wa  late for the fea t —” “You’ve  een Snape? How come?”  aid Ron between frenzied mouthful  of gateau. “Bumped into him,”  aid Harry eva ively. “Hagrid wa  only a few minute  late,”  aid Hermione. “Look, he’  waving at you, Harry.” Harry looked up at the  taff table and grinned at Hagrid, who wa  indeed waving at him. Hagrid had never quite managed to comport him elf with the dignity of Profe or McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor Hou e, the top of who e head came up to  omewhere between Hagrid’  elbow and  houlder a  they were  itting  ide by  ide, and who wa  looking di approvingly at thi  enthu ia tic greeting. Harry wa   urpri ed to  ee the Divination teacher, Profe or Trelawney,  itting on Hagrid’  other  ide;  he rarely left her tower room, and he had never  een her at the  tartofterm fea t before. She looked a  odd a  ever, glittering with bead  and trailing  hawl , her eye  magnified to enormou   ize by her  pectacle . Having alway  con idered her a bit of a fraud, Harry had been  hocked to di cover at the end of the previou  term that it had been  he who had made the prediction that cau ed Lord Voldemort to kill Harry’  parent  and attack Harry him elf. The knowledge made him even le  eager to find him elf in her company, thankfully, thi  year he would be dropping Divination. Her great beaconlike eye   wiveled in hi  direction; he ha tily looked away toward the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy wa  miming the  hatterering of a no e to raucou  laughter and applau e. Harry dropped hi  gaze to hi  treacle tart, hi  in ide  burning again. What he would give to fight Malfoy oneonone… “So what did Profe or Slughorn want?” Hermione a ked. “To know what really happened at the Mini try.”  aid Harry. “Him and everyone el e here,”  niffed Hermione. “People were interrogating u  about it on the train, weren’t they, Ron?” “Yeah,”  aid Ron. “All wanting to know if you really are ‘the Cho en One’ —” “There ha  been much talk on that very  ubject even among t the gho t ,” interrupted Nearly Headle  Nick, inclining hi  barely connected head toward Harry  o that it wobbled dangerou ly on it  ruff. “I am con idered  omething of a Potter authority; it i  widely known that we are friendly. I have a ured the  pirit community that I will not pe ter you for information, however. ‘Harry Potter know  that he can confide in me with complete confidence,’ I told them. ‘I would rather die than betray hi  tru t.’” “That’  not  aying much,  eeing a  you’re already dead,” Ron ob erved. “Once again, you  how all the  en itivity of a blunt axe,”  aid Nearly Headle  Nick in affronted tone , and he ro e into the air and glided back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table ju t a  Dumbledore got to hi  feet at the  taff table. The talk and laughter echoing around the Hall died away almo t in tantly. “The very be t of evening  to you!” he  aid,  miling broadly, hi  arm  opened wide a  though to embrace the whole room. “What happened to hi  hand?” ga ped Hermione. She wa  not the only one who had noticed. Dumbledore’  right hand wa  a  blackened and deadlooking a  it had been on the night he had come to fetch Harry from the Dur ley . Whi per  it the room; Dumbledore, interpreting them correctly, merely  miled and  hook hi  purpleandgold  leeve over hi  injury. “Nothing to worry about,” he  aid airily. “Now … to our new  tudent , welcome, to our old  tudent , welcome back! Another year full of magical education await  you …” “Hi  hand wa  like that when I  aw him over the  ummer,” Harry whi pered to Hermione. “I thought he’d have cured it by now, though … or Madam Pomfrey would’ve done.” “It look  a  if it’  died,”  aid Hermione, with a nau eated expre ion. “But there are  ome injurie  you can’t cure… old cur e …and there are poi on  without antidote . . . .” “…and Mr. Filch, our caretaker, ha  a ked me to  ay that there i  a blanket ban on any joke item  bought at the  hop called Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze . “Tho e wi hing to play for their Hou e Quidditch team   hould give their name  to their Head  of Hou e a  u ual. We are al o looking for new Quidditch commentator , who  hould do likewi e. “We are plea ed to welcome a new member of  taff thi  year, Profe or Slughorn”— Slughorn  tood up, hi  bald head gleaming in the candlelight, hi  big wai tcoated belly ca ting the table into  hadow — “i  a former colleague of mine who ha  agreed to re ume hi  old po t of Potion  ma ter.” “Potion ?” “Potion ?” The word echoed all over the Hall a  people wondered wheel they had heard right. “Potion ?”  aid Ron and Hermione together, turning to  tare Harry. “But you  aid —” “Profe or Snape, meanwhile,”  aid Dumbledore, rai ing voice  o that it carried over all the muttering, “will be taking the po ition of Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher.” “No!”  aid Harry,  o loudly that many head  turned in hi  direction. He did not care; he wa   taring up at the  taff table, incen ed. How could Snape be given the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  job after all thi  time? Hadn’t it been widely known for year  that Dumbledore did not tru t him to do it? “But Harry, you  aid that Slughorn wa  going to be teaching Defen e Again t the Dark Art !”  aid Hermione. “I thought he wa !”  aid Harry, racking hi  brain  to remember when Dumbledore had told him thi , but now that he came to think of it, he wa  unable to recall Dumbledore ever telling him what Slughorn would be teaching. Snape, who wa   itting on Dumbledore’  right, did not  tand up hi  mention of hi  name; he merely rai ed a hand in lazy acknowledgment of the applau e from the Slytherin table, yet Harry wa   ure he could detect a look of triumph on the feature  he loathed  o much. “Well, there’  one good thing,” he  aid  avagely. “Snape’ll be gone by the end of the year.” “What do you mean?” a ked Ron. “That job’  jinxed. No one  la ted more than a year… Quirrell actually died doing it… Per onally, I’m going to keep my finger  cro ed for another death…” “Harry!”  aid Hermione,  hocked and reproachful. “He might ju t go back to teaching Potion  at the end of the year,”  aid Ron rea onably. “That Slughorn bloke might not want to  tay longterm. Moody didn’t.” “Dumbledore cleared hi  throat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were not the only one  who had been talking; the whole Hall had erupted in a buzz of conver ation at the new  that Snape had finally achieved hi  heart’  de ire. Seemingly obliviou  to the  en ational nature of the new  he had ju t imparted, Dumbledore  aid nothing more about  taff appointment , but waited a few  econd  to en ure that the  ilence wa  ab olute before continuing. “Now, a  everybody in thi  Hall know , Lord Voldemort and hi  follower  are once more at large and gaining in  trength.” The  ilence  eemed to tauten and  train a  Dumbledore  poke. Harry glanced at Malfoy. Malfoy wa  not looking at Dumbledore, but making hi  fork hover in midair with hi  wand, a  though he found the headma ter’  word  unworthy of hi  attention. “I cannot empha ize  trongly enough how dangerou  the pre ent  ituation i , and how much care each of u  at Hogwart  mu t take to en ure that we remain  afe. The ca tle’  magical fortification  have been  trengthened over the  ummer, we are protected in new and more powerful way , but we mu t  till guard  crupulou ly again t carele ne  on the part of any  tudent or member of  taff. I urge you, therefore, to abide by any  ecurity re triction  that you teacher  might impo e upon you, however irk ome you might find them — in particular, the rule that you are not to be out of after hour . I implore you,  hould you notice anything  trange or  u piciou  within or out ide the ca tle, to report it to a member of  taff immediately. I tru t you to conduct your elve , alway , with the utmo t regard for your own and other ’  afety.” Dumbledore’  blue eye   wept over the  tudent  before he  miled once more. “But now, your bed  await, a  warm and comfortable a  you could po ibly wi h, and I know that your top priority i  to be wellre ted for your le on  tomorrow. Let u  therefore  ay good night. Pip pip!” With the u ual deafening  craping noi e, the benche  moved back and the hundred  of  tudent  began to file out of the Great Hall toward their dormitorie . Harry, who wa  in no hurry at all to leave with the gawping crowd, nor to get near enough to Malfoy to allow him to retell the  tory of the no e tamping, lagged behind, pretending to retie the lace on hi  trainer, allowing mo t of Gryffindor  to draw ahead of him. Hermione had darted ahead to fulfill her prefect’  duty of  hepherding the fir t year , but Ron remained with Harry. “What really happened to your no e?” he a ked, once they were at the very back of the throng pre ing out of the Hall, and out of ear hot of anyone el e. Harry told him. It wa  a mark of the  trength of their friend hip that Ron did not laugh. “I  aw Malfoy miming  omething to do with a no e,” he  aid darkly. “Yeah, well, never mind that,”  aid Harry bitterly. “Li ten to what he wa   aying before he found out I wa  there…” “Harry had expected Ron to be  tunned by Malfoy  boa t . With what Harry con idered pure pigheadedne , however, Ron wa  unimpre ed. “Come on, Harry, he wa  ju t  howing off for Parkin on…. What kind of mi ion would YouKnowWho have given him?” “How d’you know Voldemort doe n’t need  omeone at Hogwart ? It wouldn’t be the fir t —” “I wi h yeh’d  top  ayin’ tha name, Harry,”  aid a reproachful voice behind them. Harry looked over hi   houlder to  ee Hagtid  haking hi  head. “Dumbledore u e  that name,”  aid Harry  tubbornly “Yeah, well, tha’  Dumbledore, innit?”  aid Hagrid my teriou ly. “So how come yeh were late, Harry? I wa  worried.” “Got held up on the train,”  aid Harry. “Why were you late?” “I wa  with Grawp,”  aid Hagrid happily. “Lo ’ track o’ the time. He’  got a new home up in the mountain  now, Dumbledore fixed it — nice big cave. He’  much happier than he wa  in the fore t. We were havin’ a good chat.” “Really?”  aid Harry, taking care not to catch Ron’  eye; the la t time he had met Hagrid’  halfbrother, a viciou  giant with a talent for ripping up tree  by the root , hi  vocabulary had compri ed five word , two of which he wa  unable to pronounce properly. “Oh yeah, he’  really come on,”  aid Hagrid proudly. “Yeh’ll be amazed. I’m thinkin’ o’ trainin’ him up a  me a i tant.” Ron  norted loudly, but managed to pa  it off a  a violent  neeze. They were now  tanding be ide the oak front door . “Anyway, I’ll  ee yeh tomorrow, fir ’ le on’   traight after lunch. Come early an’ yeh can  ay hello ter Buck — I mean, Witherwing !” Rai ing an arm in cheery farewell, he headed out of the door  into the darkne . Harry and Ron looked at each other. Harry could tell that Ron wa  experiencing the  ame  inking feeling a  him elf. “You’re not taking Care of Magical Creature , are you?” Ron  hook hi  head. “And you’re not either, are you?” Harry  hook hi  head too. “And Hermione,”  aid Ron, “ he’  not, i   he?” Harry  hook hi  head again. Exactly what Hagrid would  ay when he realized hi  three favorite  tudent  had given up hi   ubject, he did not like to think. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 9: The Half-Blood Prince Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room before breakfa t next morning. Hoping for  ome  upport in hi  theory, Harry lo t no time in telling Hermione what he had overheard Malfoy  aying on the Hogwart  Expre . “But he wa  obviou ly  howing off for Parkin on, wa n’t he?” interjected Ron quickly, before Hermione could  ay anything. “Well,”  he  aid uncertainly, “I don’t know. It would be like Malfoy to make him elf  eem more important than he i  … but that’  a big lie to tell…” “Exactly,”  aid Harry, but he could nor pre  the point, becau e  o many people were trying to li ten in to hi  conver ation, not to mention  taring at him and whi pering behind their hand . “It’  rude to point,” Ron  napped at a particularly minu cule fir tyear boy a  they joined the queue to climb out of the portrait hole. The boy, who had been muttering  omething about Harry behind hi  hand to hi  friend, promptly turned  carlet and toppled out of the hole in alarm. Ron  niggered. “I love being a  ixth year. And were going to be getting free time thi  year. Whole period  when we can ju t  it up here and relax.” “We’re going to need that time for  tudying, Ron!”  aid Hermione, a  they  et off down the corridor. “Yeah, but not today,”  aid Ron. “Today’  going to be a real lo , I reckon.” “Hold it!”  aid Hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a pa ing fourth year, who wa  attempting to pu h pa t her with a limegreen di k clutched tightly in hi  hand. “Fanged Fri bee  banned, hand it over,”  he told him  ternly. The  cowling boy handed over the  narling Fri bee, ducked under her arm, and took off after hi  friend . Ron waited for him to vani h, then tugged the Fri bee from Hermione’  grip. “Excellent, I’ve alway  wanted one of the e.” Hermione’  remon tration wa  drowned by a loud giggle; Lavender Brown had apparently found Ron’  remark highly amu ing. She continued to laugh a   he pa ed them, glancing back at Ron over her  houlder. Ron looked rather plea ed with him elf. The ceiling of the Great Hall wa   erenely blue and  treaked with frail, wi py cloud , ju t like the  quare  of  ky vi ible through the high mullioned window . While they tucked into porridge and egg  and bacon, Harry and Ron told Hermione about their embara ing conver ation with Hagrid the previou  evening. “But he can’t really think we’d continue Care of Magical Creature !”  he  aid, looking di tre ed. “I mean, when ha  any of u  expre ed . . . you know . . . any enthu ia m?” “That’  it, though, innit?”  aid Ron,  wallowing an entire fried egg whole. “We were the one  who made the mo t effort in cla e  becau e we like Hagrid. But he think  we liked the  tupid  ubject. D’ya reckon anyone’  going to go on to N.E.W.T.?” Neither Harry nor Hermione an wered; there wa  no need. They knew perfectly well that nobody in their year would want to continue Care of Magical Creature . They avoided Hagrid’  eye and returned hi  cheery wave only halfheartedly when he left the  taff table ten minute  later. After they had eaten, they remained in their place , awaiting Profe or McGonagall’  de cent from the  taff table. The di tribution of cla   chedule  wa  more complicated than u ual thi  year, for Profe or McGonagall needed fir t to confirm that everybody had achieved the nece ary O.W.L. grade  to continue with their cho en N.E.W.T. . Hermione wa  immediately cleared to continue with Charm , Defen e Again t the Dark Art , Tran figuration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Rune , and Potion , and  hot off to a fir t period Ancient Rune  cla  without further ado. Neville took a little longer to  ort out; hi  round face wa  anxiou  a  Profe or McGonagall looked down hi  application and then con ulted hi  O.W.L re ult . “Herbology, fine,”  he  aid. “Profe or Sprout will be delighted to  ee you back with an ‘Out tanding’ O.W.L. And you qualify for Defen e Again t the Dark Art  with ‘Exceed  Expectation .’ But the problem i  Tran figuration. I’m  orry, Longbottom, but an ‘Acceptable’ really i n’t good enough to continue to N.E.W.T. level. Ju t don’t think you’d be able to cope with the cour ework.” Neville hung hi  head. Profe or McGonagall peered at him through her  quare  pectacle . “Why do you want to continue with Tran figuration, anyway? I’ve never had the impre ion that you particularly enjoyed it.” Neville looked mi erable and muttered  omething about “my grandmother want .” “Hmph,”  norted Profe ot McGonagall. “It’  high time your grandmother learned to be proud of the grand on  he’  got, rather than the one  he think   he ought to have - particularly after what happened at the Mini try.” Neville turned very pink and blinked confu edly; Profe or McGonagall had never paid him a compliment before. “I’m  orry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my N.E.W.T. cla . I  ee that you have an ‘Exceed  Expectation ’ in Charm however - why not try for a N.E.W.T. in Charm ?” “My grandmother think  Charm  i  a  oft option,” mumbled Neville. “Take Charm ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, “and I  hall drop Augu ta a line reminding her that ju t becau e  he failed her Charm  O.W.L., the  ubject i  not nece arily worthle .” Smiling  lightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville’  face, Profe or McGonagall tapped a blank  chedule with the tip of her wand and handed it, now carrying detail  of hi  new cla e , to Neville. Profe or McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, who e fir t que tion wa  whether Firenze, the hand ome centaur, wa   till teaching Divination. “He and Profe or Trelawney are dividing cla e  between them thi  year,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, a hint of di approval in her voice; it wa  common knowledge that  he de pi ed the  ubject of Divination. “The  ixth year i  being taken by Profe or Trelawney.” Parvati  et off for Divination five minute  later looking  lightly cre tfallen. “So, Potter, Potter . . .”  aid Profe or McGonagall, con ulting her note  a   he turned to Harry. “Charm , Defen e Again t the Dark Art , Herbology, Tran figuration … all fine. I mu t  ay, I wa  plea ed with your Tran figuration mark, Potter, very plea ed. Now, why haven’t you applied to continue with Potion ? I thought it wa  your ambition to become an Auror?” “It wa , but you told me I had to get an ‘Out tanding’ in my O.W.L., Profe or.” “And  o you did when Profe or Snape wa  teaching the  ubject. Profe or Slughorn, however, i  perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T.  tudent  with ‘Exceed  Expectation ’ at O.W.L. Do you wi h to proceed with Potion ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, “but I didn’t buy the book  or any ingredient  or anything-“ “I’m  ure Profe or Slughorn will be able to lend you  ome,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “Very well, Potter, here i  your  chedule. Oh, by the way- twenty hopeful  have already put down their name  for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. I  hall pa  the li t to you in due cour e and you can fix up trial  at your lei ure.” A few minute  later, Ron wa  cleared to do the  ame  ubject  a  Harry, and the two of them left the table together. “Look,”  aid Ron delightedly, gazing ar hi   chedule, “we’ve got a free period now. . . and a free period after break . . . and after lunch . . . excellent.” They returned to the common room, which wa  empty apart from a half dozen  eventh year , including Katie Bell, the only remaining member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in hi  fir t year. “I thought you’d get that, well done,”  he called over, pointing at the Captain  badge on Harry’  che t. “Tell me when you call trial !” “Don’t be  tupid,”  aid Harry, “you don’t need to try out, I watched you play for five year . . . .” “You mu tn’t  tart off like that,”  he  aid warningly. “For all you know, there’   omeone much better than me out there. Good team  have been ruined before now becau e Captain  ju t kept playing the old face , or letting in their friend ….” Ron looked a little uncomfortable and began playing with the Fanged Fri bee Hermione had taken from the fourthyear  tudent. It zoomed around the common room,  narling and attempting to take bite  of the tape try. Crook hank ’  yellow eye  followed it and he hi ed when it came too clo e. An hour later they reluctantly left the  unlit common room for the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  cla room four floor  below. Hermione wa  already queuing out ide, carrying an armful of heavy book  and looking putupon. “We got  o much homework for Rune ,”  he  aid anxiou ly when Harry and Ron joined her. “A fifteeninch e ay, two tran lation , and I’ve got to read the e by Wedne day!” “Shame,” yawned Ron. “You wait,”  he  aid re entfully. “I bet Snape give  u  load .” The cla room door opened a   he  poke, and Snape  tepped into the corridor, hi   allow face framed a  ever by two curtain  of grea y black hair. Silence fell over the queue immediately. “In ide,” he  aid. Harry looked around a  they entered. Snape had impo ed hi  per onality upon the room already; it wa  gloomier than u ual, a  curtain  had been drawn over the window , and wa  lit by candlelight. New picture  adorned the wall , many of them  howing people who appeared to be in pain,  porting gri ly injurie  or  trangely contorted body part . Nobody  poke a  they  ettled down, looking around at the  hadowy, grue ome picture . “I have not a ked you to take out your book ,”  aid Snape, clo ing the door and moving to face the cla  from behind hi  de k; Hermione ha tily dropped her copy of Confronting the Facele  back into her bag and  towed it under her chair. “I wi h to  peak to you, and I want your fulle t attention.” Hi  black eye  roved over their upturned face , lingering for a fraction of a  econd longer on Harry’  than anyone el e’ . “You have had five teacher  in thi   ubject  o far, I believe.” You believe . . . like you haven’t watched them all come and go, hoping you’d be next, thought Harry  cathingly. “Naturally, the e teacher  will all have had their own method  and prioritie . Given thi  confu ion I am  urpri ed  o many of you  craped an O.W.L. in thi   ubject. I  hall be even more  urpri ed if all of you manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work, which will be more advanced.” Snape  et off around the edge of the room,  peaking now in a lower voice; the cla  craned their neck  to keep him in view. “The Dark Art ,”  aid Snape, “are many, varied, everchanging, and eternal. Fighting them i  like fighting a manyheaded mon ter, which, each time a neck i   evered,  prout  a head even fiercer and cleverer than before. You are fighting that which i  unfixed, mutating, inde tructible.” Harry  tared at Snape. It wa   urely one thing to re pect the Dark Art  a  a dangerou  enemy, another to  peak of them, a  Snape wa  doing, with a loving care  in hi  voice? “Your defen e ,”  aid Snape, a little louder, “mu t therefore be a  flexible and inventive a  the art  you  eek to undo. The e picture ” - he indicated a few of them a  he  wept pa t - “give a fair repre entation of what happen  to tho e who  uffer, for in tance, the Cruciatu  Cur e” - he waved a hand toward a witch who wa  clearly  hrieking in agony - “feel the Dementor’  Ki ” - a wizard lying huddled and blankeyed,  lumped again t a wall - “or provoke the aggre ion of the Inferiu ” - a bloody ma  upon ground. “Ha  an Inferiu  been  een, then?”  aid Parvati Patil in a high pitched voice. “I  it definite, i  he u ing them?” “The Dark Lord ha  u ed Inferi in the pa t,”  aid Snape, “which mean  you would be welladvi ed to a ume he might u e them again. Now. . . “ He  et off again around the other  ide of the cla room toward hi  de k, and again, they watched him a  he walked, hi  dark robe  billowing behind him. , “. . . you are, I believe, complete novice  in the u e of nonverbal  pell . What i  the advantage of a nonverbal  pell?” Hermione’  hand  hot into the air. Snape took hi  time looking around at everybody el e, making  ure he had no choice, before  aying curtly, “Very well - Mi  Granger?” “Your adver ary ha  no warning about what kind of magic you’re about to perform,”  aid Hermione, “which give  you a  plit econd advantage.” “An an wer copied almo t word for word from The Standard Book of Spell , Grade Six,”  aid Snape di mi ively (over in the corner, Malfoy  niggered), “but correct in e ential . Ye , tho e who progre  in u ing magic without  houting incantation  gain an element of  urpri e in their  pellca ting. Not all wizard  can do thi , of cour e; it i  a que tion of concentration and mind power which  ome” - hi  gaze lingered maliciou ly upon Harry once more - “lack.” Harry knew Snape wa  thinking of their di a trou  Occlumency le on  of the previou  year. He refu ed to drop hi  gaze, but glowered at Snape until Snape looked away. “You will now divide,” Snape went on, “into pair . One partner will attempt to jinx the other without  peaking. The other will attempt to repel the jinx in equal  ilence. Carry on.” Although Snape did not know it, Harry had taught at lea t half the cla  (everyone who had been a member of the D.A.) how to perform a Shield Charm the previou  year. None of them had ever ca t the charm without  peaking, however. A rea onable amount of cheating en ued; many people were merely whi pering the incantation in tead of  aying it aloud. Typically, ten minute  into the le on Hermione managed to repel Neville’  muttered JellyLeg  Jinx without uttering a  ingle word, a feat that would  urely have earned her twenty point  for Gryffindor from any rea onable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Snape ignored. He  wept between them a  they practiced, looking ju t a  much like an overgrown bat a  ever, lingering to watch Harry and Ron  truggling with the ta k. Ron, who wa   uppo ed to be jinxing Harry, wa  purple in the face, hi  lip  tightly compre ed to  ave him elf from the temptation of muttering the incantation. Harry had hi  wand rai ed, waiting on tenterhook  to repel a jinx that  eemed unlikely ever to come. “Pathetic, Wea ley,”  aid Snape, after a while. “Here — let me  how you-“ He turned hi  wand on Harry  o fa t that Harry reacted in tinctively; all thought of nonverbal  pell  forgotten, he yelled, “Protego!” Hi  Shield Charm wa   o  trong Snape wa  knocked offbalance and hit a de k. The whole cla  had looked around and now watched a  Snape righted him elf,  cowling. “Do you remember me telling you we are practicing nonverbal  pell , Potter?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry  tiffly. “Ye ,  ir.” “There’  no need to call me ’ ir,’ Profe or.” The word  had e caped him before he knew what he wa   aying. Several people ga ped, including Hermione. Behind Snape, however, Ron, Dean, and Seamu  grinned appreciatively. “Detention, Saturday night, my office,”  aid Snape. “I do not take cheek from anyone, Potter . . . not even ‘the Cho en One.’” “That wa  brilliant, Harry!” chortled Ron, once they were  afely on their way to break a  hort while later. “You really  houldn’t have  aid it,”  aid Hermione, frowning at Ron. “What made you?” “He tried to jinx me, in ca e you didn’t notice!” fumed Harry. I had enough of that during tho e Occlumency le on ! Why doe n’t he u e another guinea pig for a change? What’  Dumbledore playing at, anyway, letting him teach Defen e? Did you hear him talking about the Dark Art ? He love  them! All that unfixed, inde tructble  tuff –“ “Well,”  aid Hermione, “I thought he  ounded a bit like you.” “Like me?” “Ye , when you were telling u  what it’  like to face Voldemort. You  aid it wa n’t ju t memorizing a bunch of  pell , you  aid it wa  ju t you and your brain  and your gut  - well, wa n’t that what Snape wa   aying? That it really come  down to being brave and quickthinking?” Harry wa   o di armed that  he had thought hi  word  a  well worth memorizing a  The Standard Book of Spell  that he did not argue. “Harry! Hey, Harry!” Harry looked around; Jack Sloper, one of the Beater  on la t year’  Gryffindor Quidditch team, wa  hurrying toward him holding a roll of parchment. “For you,” panted Sloper. “Li ten, I heard you’re the new Captain. When’re you holding trial ?” “I’m not  ure yet,”  aid Harry, thinking privately that Sloper would be very lucky to get back on the team. “I’ll let you know.” “Oh, right. I wa  hoping it’d be thi  weekend -“ “But Harry wa  not li tening; he had ju t recognized the thin,  lanting writing on the parchment. Leaving Sloper in mid entence, he hurried away with Ron and Hermione, unrolling the parchment a  he went. Dear Harry, I would like to  tart our private le on  thi  Saturday. Kindly come along to my office at 8 P.M. I hope you are enjoying your fir t day back at  chool. Your   incerely, Albu  Dumbledore P.S. I enjoy Acid Pop . “He enjoy  Acid Pop ?”  aid Ron, who had read the me age over Harry’   houlder and wa  looking perplexed. “It’  the pa word to get pa t the gargoyle out ide hi   tudy,”  aid Harry in a low voice. “Ha! Snape’  not going to be plea ed. . . . I won’t be able to do hi  detention!” He, Ron, and Hermione  pent the whole of break  peculating on what Dumbledore would teach Harry. Ron thought it mo t likely to be  pectacular jinxe  and hexe  of the type the Death Eater  would not know. Hermione  aid  uch thing  were illegal, and thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted to teach Harry advanced Defen ive magic. After break,  he went off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron returned to the common room where they grudgingly  tarted Snape’  homework. Thi  turned out to be  o complex that they  till had not fini hed when Hermione joined them for their afterlunch free period (though  he con iderably  peeded up the proce ). They had only ju t fini hed when the bell rang for the afternoon’  double Potion  and they beat the familiar path down to the dungeon cla room that had, for  o long, been Snape’ . When they arrived in the corridor they  aw that there were only a dozen people progre ing to N.E.W.T. level. Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve the required O.W.L. grade, but four Slytherin  had made it through, including Malfoy. Four Ravenclaw  were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked de pite hi  rather pompou  manner. “Harry,” Ernie  aid portentou ly, holding out hi  hand a  Harry approached, “didn’t get a chance to  peak in Defen e Again t The Dark Art  thi  morning. Good le on, I thought, but Shield Charm  are old hat, of cour e, for u  old D.A. lag  . . . And how are you, Ron — Hermione?” Before they could  ay more than “fine,” the dungeon door opened and Slughorn’  belly preceded him out of the door. A  they filed into the room, hi  great walru  mu tache curved above hi  beaming mouth, and he greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthu ia m. The dungeon wa , mo t unu ually, already full of vapor  and odd  mell . Harry, Ron, and Hermione  niffed intere tedly a  they pa ed large, bubbling cauldron . The four Slytherin  took a table together, a  did the four Ravenclaw . Thi  left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to  hare a table with Ernie. They cho e the one neare t a goldcolored cauldron that wa  emitting one of the mo t  eductive  cent  Harry had ever inhaled: Somehow it reminded him  imultaneou ly of treacle tart, the woody  mell of a broom tick handle, and  omething flowery he thought he might have  melled at the Burrow. He found that he wa  breathing very  lowly and deeply and that the potion’  fume   eemed to be filling him up like drink. A great contentment  tole over him; he grinned acro  at Ron, who grinned back lazily. “Now then, now then, now then,”  aid Slughorn, who e ma ive outline wa  quivering through the many  himmering vapor . “Scale  out, everyone, and potion kit , and don’t forget your copie  of Advanced PotionMaking. . . .” “Sir?”  aid Harry, rai ing hi  hand. “Harry, m’boy?” “I haven’t got a book or  cale  or anything - nor’  Ron - we didn’t realize we’d be able to do the N.E.W.T., you  ee -“ “Ah, ye , Profe or McGonagall did mention . . . not to worry, my dear boy, not to worry at all. You can u e ingredient  from the  tore cupboard today, and I’m  ure we can lend you  ome  cale , and we’ve got a  mall  tock of old book  here, they’ll do until you can write to Flouri h and Blott . . . .” Slughorn  trode over to a corner cupboard and, after a moment’  foraging, emerged with two very batteredlooking copie  of Advanced PotionMaking by Libatiu  Borage, which he gave to Harry and Ron along with two  et  of tarni hed  cale . “Now then,”  aid Slughorn, returning to the front of the cla  and inflating hi  already bulging che t  o that the button  on hi  wai tcoat threatened to bur t off, “I’ve prepared a few potion  for you to have a look at, ju t out of intere t, you know. The e are the kind of thing you ought to be able to make after completing your N.E.W.T. . You ought to have heard of ‘em, even if you haven’t made ‘em yet. Anyone tell me what thi  one i ?” He indicated the cauldron neare t the Slytherin table. Harry rai ed him elf  lighty in hi   eat and  aw what looked like plain water boiling away in ide it. Hermione’  wellpracticed hand hit the air before anybody el e’ ; Slughorn pointed at her. “It’  Verita erum, a colorle , odorle  potion thar force  the drinker to tell the truth,”  aid Hermione. “Very good, very good!”  aid Slughorn happily. “Now,” he continued, pointing at the cauldron neare t the Ravenclaw table, “thi  one here i  pretty well known… Featured in a few Mini try leaflet  lately too… Who can - ?” Hermione’  hand wa  fa te t once more. “lt’  Polyjuice Potion,  ir,”  he  aid. Harry too had recognized the  lowbubbling, mudlike  ub tance the  econd cauldron, but did not re ent Hermione getting the credit for an wering the que tion;  he, after all, wa  the one who had  ucceeded in making it, back in their  econd year. “Excellent, excellent! Now, thi  one here . . . ye , my dear?”  aid Slughorn, now looking  lightly bemu ed, a  Hermione’  hand punched the air again. “It’  Amortentia!” “It i  indeed. Ir  eem  almo t fooli h to a k,”  aid Slughorn, who wa  looking mightily impre ed, “but I a ume you know what it doe ?” “It’  the mo t powerful love porion in the world!”  aid Hermione. “Quite right! You recognized it, I  uppo e, by it  di tinctive motherofpearl  heen?” “And the  team ri ing in characteri tic  piral ,”  aid Hermione enthu ia tically, “and it’   uppo ed to  mell differently to each of according to what attract  u , and I can  mell fre hly mown gra  and new parchment and -“ But  he turned  lightly pink and did not complete the  entence. ‘May I a k your name, my dear?”  aid Slughorn, ignoring Hermione’  embarra ment. “Hermione Granger,  ir.” “Granger? Granger? Can you po ibly be related to Hector DagworthGranger, who founded the Mo t Extraordinary Society of Potioneer ?” “No. I don’t think  o,  ir. I’m Muggleborn, you  ee.” Harry  aw Malfoy lean clo e to Nott and whi per  omething; both of them  niggered, but Slughorn  howed no di may; on the contrary, he beamed and looked from Hermione to Harry, who wa   itting next to her. “Oho! ‘One of my be t friend  i  Muggleborn, and  he’  the be t in our year!’ I’m a uming thi  i  the very friend of whom you  poke, Harry?” “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Harry. “Well, well, take twenty wellearned point  for Gryffindor, Mi  Granger,”  aid Slughorn genially. Malfoy looked rather a  he had done the time Hermione had punched him in the face. Hermione turned to Harry with a radiant expre ion and whi pered, “Did you really tell him I’m the be t in the year? Oh, Harry!” “Well, what’   o impre ive about that?” whi pered Ron, who for  ome rea on looked annoyed. “You are the be t in the year - I’d've told him  o if he’d a ked me!” Hermione  miled but made a “ hhing” ge ture,  o that they could hear what Slughorn wa   aying. Ron looked  lightly di gruntled. “Amortentia doe n’t really create love, of cour e. It i  impo ible to manufacture or imitate love. No, thi  will  imply cau e a powerful infatuation or ob e ion. It i  probably the mo t dangerou  and powerful potion in thi  room - oh ye ,” he  aid, nodding gravely at Malfoy and Nott, both of whom were  mirking  keptically. “When you have  een a  much of life a  I have, you will not undere timate the power of ob e ive love.” “And now,”  aid Slughorn, “it i  time for u  to  tart work.” “Sir, you haven’t told u  what’  in thi  one,”  aid Ernie Macmillan, pointing at a  mall black cauldron  tanding on Slughorn’  de k. The potion within wa   pla hing about merrily; it wa  the color of molten gold, and large drop  were leaping like goldfi h above the  urface, though not a particle had  pilled. “Oho,”  aid Slughorn again. Harry wa   ure that Slughorn had not forgotten the potion at all, but had waited to be a ked for dramatic effect. “Ye . That. Well, that one, ladie  and gentlemen, i  a mo t curiou  little potion called Felix Felici . I take it,” he turned,  miling, to look at Hermione, who had let out an audible ga p, “that you know what Felix Felici  doe , Mi  Granger?” “It’  liquid luck,”  aid Hermione excitedly. “It make  you lucky!” The whole cla   eemed to  it up a little  traighter. Now all Harry could  ee of Malfoy wa  the back of hi   leek blond head, becau e he wa  at la t giving Slughorn hi  full and undivided attention. “Quite right, take another ten point  for Gryffindor. Ye , it’  a funny little potion, Felix Felici ,”  aid Slughorn. “De perately tricky to make, and di a trou  to get wrong. However, if brewed correctly, a  thi  ha  been, you will find that all your endeavor  tend to  ucceed … at lea t until the effect  wear off.” “Why don’t people drink it all the time,  ir?”  aid Terry Boot eagerly. “Becau e if taken in exce , it cau e  giddine , reckle ne , and dangerou  overconfidence,”  aid Slughorn. “Too much of a good thing, you know. . . highly toxic in large quantitie . But taken  paringly, and very occa ionally . . .” “Have you ever taken it,  ir?” a ked Michael Corner with great intere t. “Twice in my life,”  aid Slughorn. “Once when I wa  twentyfour, once when I wa  fifty even. Two table poonful  taken with breakfa t. Two perfect day .” He gazed dreamily into the di tance. Whether he wa  playacting or not, thought Harry, the effect wa  good. “And that,”  aid Slughorn, apparently coming back to earth, “i  what I  hall be offering a  a prize in thi  le on.” There wa   ilence in which every bubble and gurgle of the  urrounding potion   eemed magnified tenfold. “One tiny bottle of Felix Felici ,”  aid Slughorn, taking a minu cule gla  bottle with a cork in it out of hi  pocket and  howing it to them all. “Enough for twelve hour ’ luck. From dawn till du k, you will be lucky in everything you attempt.” “Now, I mu t give you warning that Felix Felici  i  a banned  ub tance in organized competition  . . .  porting event , for in tance, examination , or election . So the winner i  to u e it on an ordinary day only . . . and watch how that ordinary day become  extraordinary!” “So,”  aid Slughorn,  uddenly bri k, “how are you to win thi  fabulou  prize? Well, by turning to page ten of Advanced Potion Making. We have a little over an hour left to u , which  hould be time for you to make a decent attempt at the Draught of Living Death. I know it i  more complex than anything you have attempted before, and I do not expect a perfect potion from anybody. The per on who doe  be t, however, will win little Felix here. Off you go!” There wa  a  craping a  everyone drew their cauldron  toward them and  ome loud clunk  a  people began adding weight  to their  cale , but nobody  poke. The concentration within the room wa  almo t tangible. Harry  aw Malfoy riffling feveri hly through hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking., It could not have been clearer that Malfoy really wanted that lucky day. Harry bent  wiftly over the tattered book Slughorn had lent him. To hi  annoyance he  aw that the previou  owner had  cribbled all over the page ,  o that the margin  were a  black a  the printed portion . Bending low to decipher the ingredient  (even here, the previou  owner had made annotation  and cro ed thing  out) Harry hurried off toward the  tore cupboard to find what he needed. A  he da hed back to hi  cauldron, he  aw Malfoy cutting up Valerian root  a  fa t a  he could. Everyone kept glancing around at what the re t of the cla  wa  doing; thi  wa  both an advantage and a di advantage of Potion , that it wa  hard to keep your work private. Within ten minute , the whole place wa  full of blui h  team. Hermione, of cour e,  eemed to have progre ed furthe t. Her potion already re embled the “ mooth, black currantcolored liquid” mentioned a  the ideal halfway  tage. Having fini hed chopping hi  root , Harry bent low over hi  book again. It wa  really very irritating, having to try and decipher the direction  under all the  tupid  cribble  of the previou  owner, who for  ome rea on had taken i ue with the order to cut up the  opophorou  bean and had written in the alternative in truction: Cru h with flat  ide of  ilver dagger, relea e  juice better than cutting. “Sir, I think you knew my grandfather, Abraxa  Malfoy?” Harry looked up; Slughorn wa  ju t pa ing the Slytherin table. “Ye ,”  aid Slughorn, without looking at Malfoy, “I wa   orry to hear he had died, although of cour e it wa n’t unexpected, dragon pox at hi  age…” And he walked away. Harry bent back over hi  cauldron,  mirking. He could tell that Malfoy had expected to be treated like Harry or Zabini; perhap  even hoped for  ome preferential treatment of the type he had learned to expect from Snape. It looked a  though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of Felix Felici . The  opophorou  bean wa  proving very difficult to cut up. Harry turned to Hermione. “Can I borrow your  ilver knife?” She nodded impatiently, not taking her eye  off her potion, which wa   till deep purple, though according to the book ought to be turning a light  hade of lilac by now. Harry cru hed hi  bean with the flat  ide of the dagger. To hi  a toni hment, it immediately exuded  o much juice he wa  amazed the  hriveled bean could have held it all. Ha tily  cooping it all into the cauldron he  aw, to hi   urpri e, that the potion immediately turned exactly the  hade of lilac de cribed by the textbook. Hi  annoyance with the previou  owner vani hing on the  pot, Harry now  quinted at the next line of in truction . According the book, he had to  tir counterclockwi e until the potion turned clear a  water. According to the addition the previou  owner made, however, he ought to add a clockwi e  tir after every  eventh counterclockwi e  tir. Could the old owner be right twice? Harry  tirred counterclockwi e, held hi  breath, and  tirred once clockwi e. The effect wa  immediate. The potion turned pale pink. “How are you doing that?” demanded Hermione, who wa  redfaced and who e hair wa  growing bu hier and bu hier in the fume  from her cauldron; her potion wa   till re olutely purple. “Add a clockwi e  tir -“ “No, no, the book  ay  counterclockwi e!”  he  napped. Harry  hrugged and continued what he wa  doing. Seven  tir  counterdockwi e, one clockwi e, pau e . . .  even  tir  counterclockwi e, one  tir clockwi e . . . Acro  the table, Ron wa  cur ing fluently under hi  breath; hi  potion looked like liquid licorice. Harry glanced around. A  far a  he could  ee, no one el e’  potion had turned a  pale a  hi . He felt elated,  omething that had certainly never happened before in thi  dungeon. “And time’  . . . up!” called Slughorn. “Stop  tirring, plea e!” Slughorn moved  lowly among the table , peering into cauldron . He made no comment, but occa ionally gave the potion  a  tir or a  niff. At la t he reached the table where Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie were  itting. He  miled ruefully at the tarlike  ub tance in Ron’  cauldron. He pa ed over Ernie’  navy concoction. Hermione’  potion he gave an approving nod. Then he  aw Harry’ , and a look of incredulou  delight  pread over hi  face. “The clear winner!” he cried to the dungeon. “Excellent, excellent, Harry! Good lord, it’  clear you’ve inherited your mother’  talent. She wa  a dab hand at Potion , Lily wa ! Here you are, then, here you are - one bottle of Felix Felici , a  promi ed, and u e it well!” Harry  lipped the tiny bottle of golden liquid into hi  inner pocket, feeling an odd combination of delight at the furiou  look  on the Slytherin ’ face  and guilt at the di appointed expre ion on Hermione’ . Ron looked  imply dumbfounded. “How did you do that?” he whi pered to Harry a  they left the dungeon. “Got lucky, I  uppo e,”  aid Harry, becau e Malfoy wa  within ear hot. Once they were  ecurely en conced at the Gryffindor table for dinner, however, he felt  afe enough to tell them. Hermione’  face became  tonier with every word he uttered. “I  ’po e you think I cheated?” he fini hed, aggravated by her expre ion. “Well, it wa n’t exactly your own work, wa  it?”  he  aid  tiffly. “He only followed different in truction  to our ,”  aid Ron, “Could’ve been a cata trophe, couldn’t it? But he took a ri k and it paid off.” He heaved a  igh. “Slughorn could’ve handed me that book, but no, I get the one no one’  ever written on. Puked on, by the look of page fiftytwo, but-“ “Hang on,”  aid a voice clo e by Harry’  left ear and he caught a  udden waft of that flowery  mell he had picked up in Slughorn’  dungeon. He looked around and  aw that Ginny had joined them. “Did I hear right? You’ve been taking order  from  omething  omeone wrote in a book, Harry?” She looked alarmed and angry. Harry knew what wa  on her mind at once. “It’  nothing,” he  aid rea uringly, lowering hi  voice. “It’  not like, you know, Riddle’  diary. It’  ju t an old textbook  omeone’   cribbled on.” “But you’re doing what it  ay ?” “I ju t tried a few of the tip  written in the margin , hone tly, Ginny, there’  nothing funny -“ “Ginny’  got a point,”  aid Hermione, perking up at once. “We ought to check that there’  nothing odd about it. I mean, all the e funny in truction , who know ?” “Hey!”  aid Harry indignantly, a   he pulled hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking out of hi  bag and rai ed her wand. “Speciali  Revelio!”  he  aid, rapping it  martly on the front cover. Nothing what oever happened. The book  imply lay there, looking old and dirty and dogeared. “Fini hed?”  aid Harry irritably. “Or d’you want to wait and  ee if it doe  a few backflip ?” “It  eem  all right,”  aid Hermione,  till  taring at the book  u piciou ly. “I mean, it really doe   eem to be … ju t a textbook.” “Good. Then I’ll have it back,”  aid Harry,  natching it off the table, but it  lipped from hi  hand and landed open on the floor. Nobody el e wa  looking. Harry bent low to retrieve the book, and a  he did  o, he  aw  omething  cribbled along the bottom of the back cover in the  ame  mall, cramped handwriting a  the in truction  that had won him hi  bottle of Felix Felici , now  afely hidden in ide a pair of  ock  in hi  trunk up tair . Thi  book i  the property of the Half Blood Prince. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 10: The Hour of Gaunt For or the re t of the week’  Potion  le on  Harry continued to follow the HalfBlood Prince’  in truction  wherever they deviated from Libatiu  Borage’ , with the re ult that by their fourth le on Slughorn wa  raving about Harry  abilitie ,  aying that he had rarely taught anyone  o talented. Neither Ron nor Hermione wa  delighted by thi . Although Harry had offered to  hare hi  book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep a king Harry to read aloud or it might look  u piciou . Hermione, meanwhile, wa  re olutely plowing on with what  he called the “official” in truction , but becoming increa ingly badtempered a  they yielded poorer re ult  than the Prince’ . Harry wondered vaguely who the HalfBlood Prince had been. Although the amount of homework they had been given prevented him from reading the whole of hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking, he had  kimmed through it  ufficiently to  ee that there wa  barely a page on which the Prince had not made additional note , not all of them concerned with potionmaking. Here and there were direction  for what looked like  pell  that the Prince had made up him elf. “Or her elf,”  aid Hermione irritably, overhearing Harry pointing  ome of the e out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening. “It might have been a girl. I think the handwriting look  more like a girl’  than a boy’ .” “The HalfBlood Prince, he wa  called,” Harry  aid. “How many girl  have been Prince ?” Hermione  eemed to have no an wer to thi . She merely  cowled and twitched her e ay on The Principle  of Rematerialization away from Ron, who wa  trying to read it up ide down. Harry looked at hi  watch and hurriedly put the old copy of Advanced PotionMaking back into hi  bag. “It’  five to eight, I’d better go, I’ll be late for Dumbledore.” “Ooooh!” ga ped Hermione, looking up at once. “Good luck! We’ll wait up, we want to hear what he teache  you!” “Hope it goe  okay,”  aid Ron, and the pair of them watched Harry leave through the portrait hole. Harry proceeded through de erted corridor , though he had to  tep ha tily behind a  tatue when Profe or Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to her elf a   he  huffled a pack of dirtylooking playing card , reading them a   he walked. “Two of  pade : conflict,”  he murmured, a   he pa ed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. “Seven of  pade : an ill omen. Ten of  pade : violence. Knave of  pade : a dark young man, po ibly troubled, one who di like  the que tioner —” She  topped dead, right on the other  ide of Harry’   tatue. “Well, that can’t be right,”  he  aid, annoyed, and Harry heard her re huffling vigorou ly a   he  et off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking  herry behind her. Harry waited until he wa  quite  ure  he had gone, then hurried off again until he reached the  pot in the  eventhfloor corridor where a  ingle gargoyle  tood again t the wall. “Acid Pop ,”  aid Harry, and the gargoyle leapt a ide; the wall behind it  lid apart, and a moving  piral  tone  tairca e wa  revealed, onto which Harry  tepped,  o that he wa  carried in  mooth circle  up to the door with the bra  knocker that led to Dumbledore’  Office. Harry knocked. “Come in,”  aid Dumbledore   voice. “Good evening,  ir,”  aid Harry, walking into the headma ter’  office. “Ah, good evening, Harry. Sit down,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “I hope you’ve had an enjoyable fir t week back at  chool?” “Ye , thank ,  ir,”  aid Harry. “You mu t have been bu y, a detention under your belt already!” “Er,” began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did not look too  tern. “I have arranged with Profe or Snape that you will do your detention next Saturday in tead.” “Right,”  aid Harry, who had more pre ing matter  on hi  mind than Snape  detention, and now looked around  urreptitiou ly for  ome indication of what Dumbledore wa  planning to do with him thi  evening. The circular office looked ju t a  it alway  did; the delicate  ilver in trument   tood on  pindlelegged table , puffing  moke and whirring; portrait  of previou  headma ter  and headmi tre e  dozed in their frame , and Dumbledore’  magnificent phoenix, Fawke ,  tood on hi  perch behind the door, watching Harry with bright intere t. It did not even look a  though Dumbledore had cleared a  pace for dueling practice. “So, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, in a bu ine like voice. “You have been wondering, I am  ure, what I have planned for you during the e — for want of a better word — le on ?” “Ye ,  ir.” “Well, I have decided that it i  time, now that you know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen year  ago, for you to be given certain information.” There wa  a pau e. “You  aid, at the end of la t term, you were going to tell me everything,”  aid Harry. It wa  hard to keep a note of accu ation from hi  voice. “Sir,” he added. “And  o I did,”  aid Dumbledore placidly. “I told you everything I know. From thi  point forth, we  hall be leaving the firm foundation of fact and journeying together through the murky mar he  of memory into thicket  of wilde t gue work. From here on in, Harry, I may be a  woefully wrong a  Humphrey Belcher, who believed the time wa  ripe for a chee e cauldron.” “But you think you’re right?”  aid Harry. “Naturally I do, but a  I have already proven to you, I make mi take  like the next man. In fact, being — forgive me — rather cleverer than mo t men, my mi take  tend to be corre pondingly huger.” “Sir,”  aid Harry tentatively, “doe  what you’re going to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy? Will it help me . . .  urvive?” “It ha  a very great deal to do with the prophecy,”  aid Dumbledore, a  ca ually a  if Harry had a ked him about the next day  weather, “and I certainly hope that it will help you to  urvive.” Dumbledore got to hi  feet and walked around the de k, pa t Harry, who turned eagerly in hi   eat to watch Dumbledore bending over the cabinet be ide the door. When Dumbledore  traightened up, he wa  holding a familiar  hallow  tone ba in etched with odd marking  around it  rim. He placed the Pen ieve on the de k in front of Harry. “You look worried.” Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pen ieve with  ome apprehen ion. Hi  previou  experience  with the odd device that  tored and revealed thought  and memorie , though highly in tructive, had al o been uncomfortable. The la t time he had di turbed it  content , he had  een much more than he would have wi hed. But Dumbledore wa   miling. “Thi  time, you enter the Pen ieve with me . . . and, even more unu ually, with permi ion.” “Where are we going,  ir?” “For a trip down Bob Ogden’  memory lane,”  aid Dumbledore, pulling from hi  pocket a cry tal bottle containing a  wirling  ilverywhite  ub tance. “Who wa  Bob Ogden?” “He wa  employed by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement,”  aid Dumbledore. “He died  ome time ago, but not before I had tracked him down and per uaded him to confide the e recollection  to me. We are about to accompany him on a vi it he made in the cour e of hi  dutie . If you will  tand, Harry …” But Dumbledore wa  having difficulty pulling out the  topper of the cry tal bottle: Hi  injured hand  eemed  tiff and painful. “Shall — hall I,  ir?” “No matter, Harry —” Dumbledore pointed hi  wand at the bottle and the cork flew out. “Sir — how did you injure your hand?” Harry a ked again, looking at the blackened finger  with a mixture of revul ion and pity. “Now i  not the moment for that  tory, Harry. Not yet. We have an appointment with Bob Ogden.” Dumbledore tipped the  ilvery content  of the bottle into the Pen ieve, where they  wirled and  himmered, neither liquid nor ga . “After you,”  aid Dumbledore, ge turing toward the bowl. Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged hi  face into the  ilvery  ub tance. He felt hi  feet leave the office floor; he wa  falling, falling through whirling darkne  and then, quite  uddenly, he wa  blinking in dazzling  unlight. Before hi  eye  had adju ted, Dumbledore landed be ide him. They were  tanding in a country lane bordered by high, tangled hedgerow , beneath a  ummer  ky a  bright and blue a  a forgetmenot. Some ten feet in front of them  tood a  hort, plump man wearing enormou ly thick gla e  that reduced hi  eye  to molelike  peck . He wa  reading a wooden  ignpo t that wa   ticking out of the bramble  on the lefthand  ide of the road. Harry knew thi  mu t be Ogden; he wa  the only per on in  ight, and he wa  al o wearing the  trange a ortment of clothe   o often cho en by inexperienced wizard  trying to look like Muggle : in thi  ca e, a frock coat and  pat  over a  triped onepiece bathing co tume. Before Harry had time to do more than regi ter hi  bizarre appearance, however, Ogden had  et off at a bri k walk down the lane. Dumbledore and Harry followed. A  they pa ed the wooden  ign, Harry looked up at it  two arm . The one pointing back the way they had come read: Great Hangleton, 5 mile . The arm pointing after Ogden  aid Little Hangleton, 1 mile. They walked a  hort way with nothing to  ee but the hedgerow , the wide blue  ky overhead and the  wi hing, frockcoated figure ahead. Then the lane curved to the left and fell away,  loping  teeply down a hill ide,  o that they had a  udden, unexpected view of a whole valley laid out in front of them. Harry could  ee a village, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, ne tled between two  teep hill , it  church and graveyard clearly vi ible. Acro  the valley,  et on the oppo ite hill ide, wa  a hand ome manor hou e  urrounded by a wide expan e of velvety green lawn. Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the  teep downward  lope. Dumbledore lengthened hi   tride, and Harry hurried to keep up. He thought Little Hangleton mu t be their final de tination and wondered, a  he had done on the night they had found Slughorn, why they had to approach it from  uch a di tance. He  oon di covered that he wa  mi taken in thinking that they were going to the village, however. The lane curved to the right and when they rounded the corner, it wa  to  ee the very edge of Ogden’  frock coat vani hing through a gap in the hedge. Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerow  than tho e they had left behind. The path wa  crooked, rocky, and potholed,  loping downhill like the la t one, and it  eemed to be heading for a patch of dark tree  a little below them. Sure enough, the track  oon opened up at the cop e, and Dumbledore and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had  topped and drawn hi  wand. De pite the cloudle   ky, the old tree  ahead ca t deep, dark, cool  hadow , and it wa  a few  econd  before Harry’  eye  di cerned the building halfhidden among t the tangle of trunk . It  eemed to him a very  trange location to choo e for a hou e, or el e an odd deci ion to leave the tree  growing nearby, blocking all light and the view of the valley below. He wondered whether it wa  inhabited; it  wall  were mo y and  o many tile  had fallen off the roof that the rafter  were vi ible in place . Nettle  grew all around it, their tip  reaching the window , which were tiny and thick with grime. Ju t a  he had concluded that nobody could po ibly live there, however, one of the window  wa  thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of  team or  moke i ued from it, a  though  omebody wa  cooking. Ogden moved forward quietly and, it  eemed to Harry, rather cautiou ly. A  the dark  hadow  of the tree   lid over him, he  topped again,  taring at the front door, to which  omebody had nailed a dead  nake. Then there wa  a ru tle and a crack, and a man in rag  dropped from the neare t tree, landing on hi  feet right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward  o fa t he  tood on the tail  of hi  frock coat and  tumbled. “You’re not welcome.” The man  tanding before them had thick hair  o matted with dirt it could have been any color. Several of hi  teeth were mi ing. Hi  eye  were  mall and dark and  tared in oppo ite direction . He might have looked comical, but he did not; the effect wa  frightening, and Harry could not blame Ogden for backing away  everal more pace  before he  poke. “Er — good morning. I’m from the Mini try of Magic —” “You’re not welcome.” “Er — I’m  orry — I don’t under tand you,”  aid Ogden nervou ly. Harry thought Ogden wa  being extremely dim; the  tranger wa  making him elf very clear in Harry’  opinion, particularly a  he wa  brandi hing a wand in one hand and a  hort and rather bloody knife in the other. “You under tand him, I’m  ure, Harry?”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Ye , of cour e,”  aid Harry,  lightly nonplu ed. “Why can’t Ogden — ?” But a  hi  eye  found the dead  nake on the door again, he  uddenly under tood. “He’   peaking Par eltongue?” “Very good,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding and  miling. The man in rag  wa  now advancing on Ogden, knife in one hand, wand in the other. “Now, look —” Ogden began, but too late: There wa  a bang, and Ogden wa  on the ground, clutching hi  no e, while a na ty yellowi h goo  quirted from between hi  finger . “Morfin!”  aid a loud voice. An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, banging the door behind him  o that the dead  nake  wung pathetically. Thi  man wa   horter than the fir t, and oddly proportioned; hi   houlder  were very broad and hi  arm  overlong, which, with hi  bright brown eye ,  hort  crubby hair, and wrinkled face, gave him the look of a powerful, aged monkey. He came to a halt be ide the man with the knife, who wa  now cackling with laughter at the  ight of Ogden on the ground. “Mini try, i  it?”  aid the older man, looking down at Ogden. “Correct!”  aid Ogden angrily, dabbing hi  face. “And you, I take it, are Mr. Gaunt?” “S’right,”  aid Gaunt. “Got you in the face, did he?” “Ye , he did!”  napped Ogden. “Should’ve made your pre ence known,  houldn’t you?”  aid Gaunt aggre ively. “Thi  i  private property. Can’t ju t walk in here and not expect my  on to defend him elf.” “Defend him elf again t what, man?”  aid Ogden, clambering back to hi  feet. “Bu ybodie . Intruder . Muggle  and filth.” Ogden pointed hi  wand at hi  own no e, which wa   till i uing large amount  of what looked like yellow pu , and the flow  topped at once. Mr. Gaunt  poke out of the corner of hi  mouth to Morfin. “Get in the hou e. Don’t argue.” Thi  time, ready for it, Harry recognized Par eltongue; even while he could under tand what wa  being  aid, he di tingui hed the weird hi ing noi e that wa  all Ogden could hear. Morfin  eemed to be on the point of di agreeing, but when hi  father ca t him a threatening look he changed hi  mind, lumbering away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and  lamming the front door behind him,  o that the  nake  wung  adly again. “It’  your  on I’m here to  ee, Mr. Gaunt,”  aid Ogden, a  he mopped the la t of the pu  from the front of hi  coat. “That wa  Morfin, wa n’t it?” “Ah, that wa  Morfin,”  aid the old man indifferently. “Are you pureblood?” he a ked,  uddenly aggre ive. “That’  neither here nor there,”  aid Ogden coldly, and Harry felt hi  re pect for Ogden ri e. Apparently Gaunt felt rather differently. He  quinted into Ogden’  face and muttered, in what wa  clearly  uppo ed to be an offen ive tone, “Now I come to think about it, I’ve  een no e  like your  down in the village.” “I don’t doubt it, if your  on’  been let loo e on them,”  aid Ogden. “Perhap  we could continue thi  di cu ion in ide?” “In ide?” “Ye , Mr. Gaunt. I’ve already told you. I’m here about Morfin. We  ent an owl —” “I’ve no u e for owl ,”  aid Gaunt. “I don’t open letter .” “Then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of vi itor ,”  aid Ogden tartly. “I am here following a  eriou  breach of Wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hour  of thi  morning —” “All right, all right, all right!” bellowed Gaunt. “Come in the bleeding hou e, then, and much good it’ll do you!” The hou e  eemed to contain three tiny room . Two door  led off the main room, which  erved a  kitchen and living room combined. Morfin wa   itting in a filthy armchair be ide the  moking fire, twi ting a live adder between hi  thick finger  and crooning  oftly at it in Par eltongue: Hi y, hi y, little  nakey, Slither on the floor You be good to Morfin Or he’ll nail you to the door. There wa  a  cuffling noi e in the corner be ide the open window, and Harry realized that there wa   omebody el e in the room, a girl who e ragged gray dre  wa  the exact color of the dirty  tone wall behind her. She wa   tanding be ide a  teaming pot on a grimy black  tove, and wa  fiddling around with the  helf of  qualidlooking pot  and pan  above it. Her hair wa  lank and dull and  he had a plain, pale, rather heavy face. Her eye , like her brother’ ,  tared in oppo ite direction . She looked a little cleaner than the two men, but Harry thought he had never  een a more defeatedlooking per on. “M’daughter, Merope,”  aid Gaunt grudgingly, a  Ogden looked inquiringly toward her. “Good morning,”  aid Ogden. She did not an wer, but with a frightened glance at her father turned her back on the room and continued  hifting the pot  on the  helf behind her. “Well, Mr. Gaunt,”  aid Ogden, “to get  traight to the point, we have rea on to believe that your  on, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late la t night.” There wa  a deafening clang. Merope had dropped one of the pot . “Pick it up!” Gaunt bellowed at her. “That’  it, grub on the floor like  ome filthy Muggle, what’  your wand for, you u ele   ack of muck?” “Mr. Gaunt, plea e!”  aid Ogden in a  hocked voice, a  Merope, who had already picked up the pot, flu hed blotchily  carlet, lo t her grip on the pot again, drew her wand  hakily from her pocket, pointed it at the pot, and muttered a ha ty, inaudible  pell that cau ed the pot to  hoot acro  the floor away from her, hit the oppo ite wall, and crack in two. Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. Gaunt  creamed, “Mend it, you pointle  lump, mend it!” Merope  tumbled acro  the room, but before  he had time to rai e her wand, Ogden had lifted hi  own and  aid firmly, “Reparo. ” The pot mended it elf in tantly. Gaunt looked for a moment a  though he wa  going to  hout at Ogden, but  eemed to think better of it: In tead, he jeered at hi  daughter, “Lucky the nice man from the Mini try’  here, i n’t it? Perhap  he’ll take you off my hand , perhap  he doe n’t mind dirty Squib . . . .” Without looking at anybody or thanking Ogden, Merope picked up the pot and returned it, hand  trembling, to it   helf. She then  tood quite  till, her back again t the wall between the filthy window and the  tove, a  though  he wi hed for nothing more than to  ink into the  tone and vani h. “Mr. Gaunt,” Ogden began again, “a  I’ve  aid: the rea on for my vi it —” “I heard you the fir t time!”  napped Gaunt. “And  o what? Morfin gave a Muggle a bit of what wa  coming to him — what about it, then?” “Morfin ha  broken Wizarding law,”  aid Ogden  ternly. “‘Morfin ha  broken Wizarding law.’” Gaunt imitated Ogden’  voice, making it pompou  and  ing ong. Morfin cackled again. “He taught a filthy Muggle a le on, that’  illegal now, i  it?” “Ye ,”  aid Ogden. “I’m afraid it i .” He pulled from an in ide pocket a  mall  croll of parchment and unrolled it. “What’  that, then, hi   entence?”  aid Gaunt, hi  voice ri ing angrily. “It i  a  ummon  to the Mini try for a hearing —” “Summon ! Summon ? Who do you think you are,  ummoning my  on anywhere?” “I’m Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad,”  aid Ogden. “And you think we’re  cum, do you?”  creamed Gaunt, advancing on Ogden now, with a dirty yellownailed finger pointing at hi  che t. “Scum who’ll come running when the Mini try tell  ‘em to? Do you know who you’re talking to, you filthy little Mudblood, do you?” “I wa  under the impre ion that I wa   peaking to Mr. Gaunt,”  aid Ogden, looking wary, but  tanding hi  ground. “That’  right!” roared Gaunt. For a moment, Harry thought Gaunt wa  making an ob cene hand ge ture, but then realized that he wa   howing Ogden the ugly, black toned ring he wa  wearing on hi  middle finger, waving it before Ogden’  eye . “See thi ? See thi ? Know what it i ? Know where it came from? Centurie  it’  been in our family, that’  how far back we go, and pureblood all the way! Know how much I’ve been offered for thi , with the Peverell coat of arm  engraved on the  tone?” “I’ve really no idea,”  aid Ogden, blinking a  the ring  ailed within an inch of hi  no e, “and it’  quite be ide the point, Mr. Gaunt. Your  on ha  committed —” With a howl of rage, Gaunt ran toward hi  daughter. For a  plit  econd, Harry thought he wa  going to throttle her a  hi  hand flew to her throat; next moment, he wa  dragging her toward Ogden by a gold chain around her neck. “See thi ?” he bellowed at Ogden,  haking a heavy gold locket at him, while Merope  pluttered and ga ped for breath. “I  ee it, I  ee it!”  aid Ogden ha tily. “Slytherin !” yelled Gaunt. “Salazar Slytherin’ ! We’re hi  la t living de cendant , what do you  ay to that, eh?” “Mr. Gaunt, your daughter!”  aid Ogden in alarm, but Gaunt had already relea ed Merope;  he  taggered away from him, back to her corner, ma aging her neck and gulping for air. “So!”  aid Gaunt triumphantly, a  though he had ju t proved a complicated point beyond all po ible di pute. “Don’t you go talking to u  a  if we’re dirt on your  hoe ! Generation  of pureblood , wizard  all — more than you can  ay, I don’t doubt!” And he  pat on the floor at Ogden  feet. Morfin cackled again. Merope, huddled be ide the window, her head bowed and her face hidden by her lank hair,  aid nothing. “Mr. Gaunt,”  aid Ogden doggedly, “I am afraid that neither your ance tor  nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand. I am here becau e of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle he acco ted late la t night. Our information” — he glanced down at hi   croll of parchment — “i  that Morfin performed a jinx or hex on the  aid Muggle, cau ing him to erupt in highly painful hive .” Morfin giggled. “Be quiet, boy,”  narled Gaunt in Par eltongue, and Morfin fell  ilent again. “And  o what if he did, then?” Gaunt  aid defiantly to Ogden, “I expect you’ve wiped the Muggle’  filthy face clean for him, and hi  memory to boot—” “That’  hardly the point, i  it, Mr. Gaunt?”  aid Ogden. “Thi  wa  an unprovoked attack on a defen ele  —” “Ar, I had you marked out a  a Mugglelover the moment I  aw you,”  neered Gaunt, and he  pat on the floor again. “Thi  di cu ion i  getting u  nowhere,”  aid Ogden firmly. “It i  clear from your  on’  attitude that he feel  no remor e for hi  action .” He glanced down at hi   croll of parchment again. “Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to an wer the charge  of u ing magic in front of a Muggle and cau ing harm and di tre  to that  ame Mugg —” Ogden broke off. The jingling, clopping  ound  of hor e  and loud, laughing voice  were drifting in through the open window. Apparently the winding lane to the village pa ed very clo e to the cop e where the hou e  tood. Gaunt froze, li tening, hi  eye  wide. Morfin hi ed and turned hi  face toward the  ound , hi  expre ion hungry. Merope rai ed her head. Her face, Harry  aw, wa   tarkly white. “My God, what an eye ore!” rang out a girl’  voice, a  clearly audible through the open window a  if  he had  tood in the room be ide them. “Couldn’t your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?” “It’  not our ,”  aid a young man’  voice. “Everything on the other  ide of the valley belong  to u , but that cottage belong  to an old tramp called Gaunt, and hi  children. The  on’  quite mad, you  hould hear  ome of the  torie  they tell in the village —” The girl laughed. The jingling, clopping noi e  were growing louder and louder. Morfin made to get out of hi  armchair. “Keep your  eat,”  aid hi  father warningly, in Par eltongue. “Tom,”  aid the girl’  voice again, now  o clo e they were clearly right be ide the hou e, “I might be wrong — but ha   omebody nailed a  nake to that door?” “Good lord, you’re right!”  aid the man’  voice. “That’ll be the  on, I told you he’  not right in the head. Don’t look at it, Cecilia, darling.” The jingling and clopping  ound  were now growing faint again. “‘Darling,’” whi pered Morfin in Par eltongue, looking at hi   i ter. “‘Darling, he called her. So he wouldn’t have you anyway.” Merope wa   o white Harry felt  ure  he wa  going to faint. “What’  that?”  aid Gaunt  harply, al o in Par eltongue, looking from hi   on to hi  daughter. “What did you  ay, Morfin?” “She like  looking at that Muggle,”  aid Morfin, a viciou  expre ion on hi  face a  he  tared at hi   i ter, who now looked terrified. “Alway  in the garden when he pa e , peering through the hedge at him, i n’t  he? And la t night — “ Merope  hook her head jerkily, imploringly, but Morfin went on ruthle ly, “Hanging out of the window waiting for him to ride home, wa n’t  he?” “Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle?”  aid Gaunt quietly. All three of the Gaunt   eemed to have forgotten Ogden, who wa  looking both bewildered and irritated at thi  renewed outbreak of incomprehen ible hi ing and ra ping. “I  it true?”  aid Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a  tep or two toward the terrified girl. “My daughter—pureblooded de cendant of Salazar Slytherin — hankering after a filthy, dirtveined Muggle?” Merope  hook her head frantically, pre ing her elf into the wall, apparently unable to  peak. “But I got him, Father!” cackled Morfin. “I got him a  he went by and he didn’t look  o pretty with hive  all over him, did he, Merope?” “You di gu ting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitor!” roared Gaunt, lo ing control, and hi  hand  clo ed around hi  daughter’  throat. Both Harry and Ogden yelled “No!” at the  ame time; Ogden rai ed hi  wand and cried, “Rela kio!” Gaunt wa  thrown backward, away from hi  daughter; he tripped over a chair and fell flat on hi  back. With a roar of rage, Morfin leapt out of hi  chair and ran at Ogden, brandi hing hi  bloody knife and firing hexe  indi criminately from hi  wand. Ogden ran for hi  life. Dumbledore indicated that they ought to follow and Harry obeyed, Merope’   cream  echoing in hi  ear . Ogden hurtled up the path and erupted onto the main lane, hi  arm  over hi  head, where he collided with the glo y che tnut hor e ridden by a very hand ome, darkhaired young man. Both he and the pretty girl riding be ide him on a gray hor e roared with laughter at the  ight of Ogden, who bounced off the hor e’  flank and  et off again, hi  frock coat flying, covered from head to foot in du t, running pellmell up the lane. “I think that will do, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. He took Harry by the elbow and tugged. Next moment, they were both  oaring weightle ly through darkne , until they landed  quarely on their feet, back in Dumbledore’  now twilit office. “What happened to the girl in the cottage?”  aid Harry at once, a  Dumbledore lit extra lamp  with a flick of hi  wand. “Merope, or whatever her name wa ?” “Oh,  he  urvived,”  aid Dumbledore, re eating him elf behind hi  de k and indicating that Harry  hould  it down too. “Ogden Apparated back to the Mini try and returned with reinforcement  within fifteen minute . Morfin and hi  father attempted to fight, but both were overpowered, removed from the cottage, and  ub equently convicted by the Wizengamot. Morfin, who already had a record of Muggle attack , wa   entenced to three year  in Azkaban. Marvolo, who had injured  everal Mini try employee  in addition to Ogden, received  ix month .” “Marvolo?” Harry repeated wonderingly. “That’  right,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling in approval. “I am glad to  ee you’re keeping up.” “That old man wa  — ?” “Voldemort’  grandfather, ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Marvolo, hi   on, Morfin, and hi  daughter, Merope, were the la t of the Gaunt , a very ancient Wizarding family noted for a vein of in tability and violence that flouri hed through the generation  due to their habit of marrying their own cou in . Lack of  en e coupled with a great liking for grandeur meant that the family gold wa   quandered  everal generation  before Marvolo wa  born. He, a  you  aw, wa  left in  qualor and poverty, with a very na ty temper, a fanta tic amount of arrogance and pride, and a couple of family heirloom  that he trea ured ju t a  much a  hi   on, and rather more than hi  daughter.” “So Merope,”  aid Harry, leaning forward in hi  chair and  taring at Dumbledore, “ o Merope wa  . . . Sir, doe  that mean  he wa  . . . Voldemort’  mother?” “It doe ,”  aid Dumbledore. “And it  o happen  that we al o had a glimp e of Voldemort’  father. I wonder whether you noticed?” “The Muggle Morfin attacked? The man on the hor e?” “Very good indeed,”  aid Dumbledore, beaming. “Ye , that wa  Tom Riddle  enior, the hand ome Muggle who u ed to go riding pa t the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cheri hed a  ecret, burning pa ion.” “And they ended up married?” Harry  aid in di belief, unable to imagine two people le  likely to fall in love. “I think you are forgetting,”  aid Dumbledore, “that Merope wa  a witch. I do not believe that her magical power  appeared to their be t advantage when  he wa  being terrorized by her father. Once Marvolo and Morfin were  afely in Azkaban, once  he wa  alone and free for the fir t time in her life, then, I am  ure,  he wa  able to give full rein to her abilitie  and to plot her e cape from the de perate life  he had led for eighteen year .” “Can you not think of any mea ure Merope could have taken to make Tom Riddle forget hi  Muggle companion, and fall in love with her in tead?” “The Imperiu  Cur e?” Harry  ugge ted. “Or a love potion?” “Very good. Per onally, I am inclined to think that  he u ed a love potion. I am  ure it would have  eemed more romantic to her, and I do not think it would have been very difficult,  ome hot day, when Riddle wa  riding alone, to per uade him to take a drink of water. In any ca e, within a few month  of the  cene we have ju t witne ed, the village of Little Hangleton enjoyed a tremendou   candal. You can imagine the go ip it cau ed when the  quire’   on ran off with the tramp’  daughter, Merope.” “But the villager ’  hock wa  nothing to Marvolo’ . He returned from Azkaban, expecting to find hi  daughter dutifully awaiting hi  return with a hot meal ready on hi  table. In tead, he found a clear inch of du t and her note of farewell, explaining what  he had done.” “From all that I have been able to di cover, he never mentioned her name or exi tence from that time forth. The  hock of her de ertion may have contributed to hi  early death — or perhap  he had  imply never learned to feed him elf. Azkaban had greatly weakened Marvolo, and he did not live to  ee Morfin return to the cottage.” “And Merope? She …  he died, didn’t  he? Wa n’t Voldemort brought up in an orphanage?” “Ye , indeed,”  aid Dumbledore. “We mu t do a certain amount of gue ing here, although I do not think it i  difficult to deduce what happened. You  ee, within a few month  of their runaway marriage, Tom Riddle reappeared at the manor hou e in Little Hangleton without hi  wife. The rumor flew around the neighborhood that he wa  talking of being ‘hoodwinked’ and ‘taken in.’ What he meant, I am  ure, i  that he had been under an enchantment that had now lifted, though I dare ay he did not dare u e tho e preci e word  for fear of being thought in ane. When they heard what he wa   aying, however, the villager  gue ed that Merope had lied to Tom Riddle, pretending that  he wa  going to have hi  baby, and that he had married her for thi  rea on.” “But  he did have hi  baby.” “But not until a year after they were married. Tom Riddle left her while  he wa   till pregnant.” “What went wrong?” a ked Harry. “Why did the love potion  top working?” “Again, thi  i  gue work,”  aid Dumbledore, “but I believe that Merope, who wa  deeply in love with her hu band, could not bear to continue en laving him by magical mean . I believe that  he made the choice to  top giving him the potion. Perhap , be otted a   he wa ,  he had convinced her elf that he would by now have fallen in love with her in return. Perhap   he thought he would  tay for the baby’   ake. If  o,  he wa  wrong on both count . He left her, never  aw her again, and never troubled to di cover what became of hi   on.” The  ky out ide wa  inky black and the lamp  in Dumbledore’  office  eemed to glow more brightly than before. “I think that will do for tonight, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore after a moment or two. “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Harry. He got to hi  feet, but did not leave. “Sir … i  it important to know all thi  about Voldemort’  pa t?” “Very important, I think,”  aid Dumbledore. “And it… it’  got  omething to do with the prophecy?” “It ha  everything to do with the prophecy.” “Right,”  aid Harry, a little confu ed, but rea ured all the  ame. He turned to go, then another que tion occurred to him, and he turned back again. “Sir, am I allowed to tell Ron and Hermione everything you’ve told me?” Dumbledore con idered him for a moment, then  aid, “Ye , I think Mr. Wea ley and Mi  Granger have proved them elve  tru tworthy. But Harry, I am going to a k you to a k them not to repeat any of thi  to anybody el e. It would not be a good idea if word got around how much I know, or  u pect, about Lord Voldemort’   ecret .” “No,  ir, I’ll make  ure it’  ju t Ron and Hermione. Good night.” He turned away again, and wa  almo t at the door when he  aw it. Sitting on one of the little  pindlelegged table  that  upported  o many fraillooking  ilver in trument , wa  an ugly gold ring  et with a large, cracked, black  tone. “Sir,”  aid Harry,  taring at it. “That ring—” “Ye ?”  aid Dumbledore. “You were wearing it when we vi ited Profe or Slughorn that night.” “So I wa ,” Dumbledore agreed. “But i n’t it…  ir, i n’t it the  ame ring Marvolo Gaunt  howed Ogden?” Dumbledore bowed hi  head. “The very  ame.” “But how come — ? Have you alway  had it?” “No, I acquired it very recently,”  aid Dumbledore. “A few day  before I came to fetch you from your aunt and uncle’ , in fact.” “That would be around the time you injured your hand, then,  ir?” “Around that time, ye , Harry.” Harry he itated. Dumbledore wa   miling. “Sir, how exactly — ?” “Too late, Harry! You  hall hear the  tory another time. Good night.” “Good night,  ir.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 11: Hermione’  helping hand A  Hermione had predicted, the  ixth year ’ free period  were not the hour  of bli ful relaxation Ron had anticipated, but time  in which to attempt to keep up with the va t amount of homework they were being  et. Not only were they  tudying a  though they had exam  every day, but the le on  them elve  had become more demanding than ever before. Harry barely under tood half of what Profe or McGonagall  aid to them the e day ; even Hermione had had to a k her to repeat in truction  once or twice. Incredibly, and to Hermione’  increa ing re entment, Harry’  be t  ubject had  uddenly become Potion , thank  to the HalfBlood Prince. Nonverbal  pell  were now expected, not only in Defen e Again t the Dark Art , but in Charm  and Tran figuration too. Harry frequently looked over at hi  cla mate  in the common room or at mealtime  to  ee them purple in the face and  training a  though they had overdo ed on UNoPoo; but he knew that they were really  truggling to make  pell  work without  aying incantation  aloud. It wa  a relief to get out ide into the greenhou e ; they were dealing with more dangerou  plant  than ever in Herbology, but at lea t they were  till allowed to  wear loudly if the Venomou  Tentacula  eized them unexpectedly from behind. One re ult of their enormou  workload and the frantic hour  of practicing nonverbal  pell  wa  that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had  o far been unable to find time to go and vi it Hagrid. He had  topped coming to meal  at the  taff table, an ominou   ign, and on the few occa ion  when they had pa ed him in the corridor  or out in the ground , he had my teriou ly failed to notice them or hear their greeting . “We’ve got to go and explain,”  aid Hermione, looking up at Hagrid’  huge empty chair at the  taff table the following Saturday at breakfa t. “We’ve got Quidditch tryout  thi  morning!”  aid Ron. “And we’re  uppo ed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are we going to tell him we hated hi   tupid  ubject?” “We didn’t hate it!”  aid Hermione. “Speak for your elf, I haven’t forgotten the  krewt ,”  aid Ron darkly. “And I’m telling you now, we’ve had a narrow e cape. You didn’t hear him going on about hi  gormle  brother — we’d have been teaching Grawp how to tie hi   hoelace  if we’d  tayed.” “I hate not talking to Hagrid,”  aid Hermione, looking up et. “We’ll go down after Quidditch,” Harry a ured her. He too wa  mi ing Hagrid, although like Ron he thought that they were better off without Grawp in their live . “But trial  might take all morning, the number of people who have applied.” He felt  lightly nervou  at confronting the fir t hurdle of hi  Captaincy. “I dunno why the team’  thi  popular all of a  udden.” “Oh, come on, Harry,”  aid Hermione,  uddenly impatient. “It’  not Quidditch that’  popular, it’  you! You’ve never been more intere ting, and frankly, you’ve never been more fanciable.” Ron gagged on a large piece of kipper. Hermione  pared him one look of di dain before turning back to Harry. “Everyone know  you’ve been telling the truth now, don’t they? The whole Wizarding world ha  had to admit that you were right about Voldemort being back and that you really have fought him twice in the la t two year  and e caped both time . And now they’re calling you ‘the Cho en One’ — well, come on, can’t you  ee why people are fa cinated by you?” Harry wa  finding the Great Hall very hot all of a  udden, even though the ceiling  till looked cold and rainy. “And you’ve been through all that per ecution from the Mini try when they were trying to make out you were un table and a liar. You can  till  ee the mark  on the back of your hand where that evil woman made you write with your own blood, but you  tuck to your  tory anyway. …” “You can  till  ee where tho e brain  got hold of me in the Mini try, look,”  aid Ron,  haking back hi   leeve . “And it doe n’t hurt that you’ve grown about a foot over the  ummer either,” Hermione fini hed, ignoring Ron. “I’m tall,”  aid Ron incon equentially. The po t owl  arrived,  wooping down through rainflecked window ,  cattering everyone with droplet  of water. Mo t people were receiving more po t than u ual; anxiou  parent  were keen to hear from their children and to rea ure them, in turn, that all wa  well at home. Harry had received no mail  ince the  tart of term; hi  only regular corre pondent wa  now dead and although he had hoped that Lupin might write occa ionally, he had  o far been di appointed. He wa  very  urpri ed, therefore, to  ee the  nowy white Hedwig circling among t all the brown and gray owl . She landed in front of him carrying a large,  quare package. A moment later, an identical package landed in front of Ron, cru hing beneath it hi  minu cule and exhau ted owl, Pigwidgeon. “Ha!”  aid Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of Advanced PotionMaking, fre h from Flouri h and Blott . “Oh good,”  aid Hermione, delighted. “Now you can give that graffitied copy back.” “Are you mad?”  aid Harry. “I’m keeping it! Look, I’ve thought it out —” He pulled the old copy of Advanced PotionMaking out of hi  bag and tapped the cover with hi  wand, muttering, “Dijjindo!” The cover fell off. He did the  ame thing with the brandnew book (Hermione looked  candalized). He then  wapped the cover , tapped each, and  aid, “Reparo!” There  at the Prince’  copy, di gui ed a  a new book, and there  at the fre h copy from Flouri h and Blott , looking thoroughly  econdhand. “I’ll give Slughorn back the new one, he can’t complain, it co t nine Galleon .” Hermione pre ed her lip  together, looking angry and di approving, but wa  di tracted by a third owl landing in front of her carrying that day’  copy of the Daily Prophet. She unfolded it ha tily and  canned the front page. “Anyone we know dead?” a ked Ron in a determinedly ca ual voice; he po ed the  ame que tion every time Hermione opened her paper. “No, but there have been more dementor attack ,”  aid Hermione. “And an arre t.” “Excellent, who?”  aid Harry, thinking of Bellatrix Le trange. “Stan Shunpike,”  aid Hermione. “What?”  aid Harry,  tartled. “‘Stanley Shunpike, conductor on the popular Wizarding conveyance the Knight Bu , ha  been arre ted on  u picion of Death Eater activity. Mr. Shunpike, 21, wa  taken into cu tody late la t night after a raid on hi  Clapham home. . .’” “Stan Shunpike, a Death Eater?”  aid Harry, remembering the  potty youth he had fir t met three year  before. “No way!” “He might have been put under the Imperiu  Cur e,”  aid Ron rea onably. “You never can tell.” “It doe n’t look like it,”  aid Hermione, who wa   till reading. “It  ay  here he wa  arre ted after he wa  overheard talking about the Death Eater ’  ecret plan  in a pub.” She looked up with a troubled expre ion on her face. “If he wa  under the Imperiu  Cur e, he’d hardly  tand around go iping about their plan , would he?” “It  ound  like he wa  trying to make out he knew more than he did,”  aid Ron. “I n’t he the one who claimed he wa  going to become Mini ter of Magic when he wa  trying to chat up tho e veela?” “Yeah, that’  him,”  aid Harry. “I dunno what they’re playing at, taking Stan  eriou ly.” “They probably want to look a  though they’re doing  omething,”  aid Hermione, frowning. “People are terrified — you know the Patil twin ’ parent  want them to go home? And Eloi e Midgen ha  already been withdrawn. Her father picked her up la t night.” “What!”  aid Ron, goggling at Hermione. “But Hogwart  i   afer than their home , bound to be! We’ve got Auror , and all tho e extra protective  pell , and we’ve got Dumbledore!” “I don’t think we’ve got him all the time,”  aid Hermione very quietly, glancing toward the  taff table over the top of the Prophet. “Haven’t you noticed? Hi   eat’  been empty a  often a  Hagrid’  thi  pa t week.” Harry and Ron looked up at the  taff table. The headma ter’  chair wa  indeed empty. Now Harry came to think of it, he had not  een Dumbledore  ince their private le on a week ago. “I think he’  left the  chool to do  omething with the Order,”  aid Hermione in a low voice. “I mean . . . it’  all looking  eriou , i n’t it?” Harry and Ron did not an wer, but Harry knew that they were all thinking the  ame thing. There had been a horrible incident the day before, when Hannah Abbott had been taken out of Herbology to be told her mother had been found dead. They had not  een Hannah  ince. When they left the Gryffindor table five minute  later to head down to the Quidditch pitch, they pa ed Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. Remembering what Hermione had  aid about the Patil twin ’ parent  wanting them to leave Hogwart , Harry wa  un urpri ed to  ee that the two be t friend  were whi pering together, looking di tre ed. What did  urpri e him wa  that when Ron drew level with them, Parvati  uddenly nudged Lavender, who looked around and gave Ron a wide  mile. Ron blinked at her, then returned the  mile uncertainly. Hi  walk in tantly became  omething more like a  trut. Harry re i ted the temptation to laugh, remembering that Ron had refrained from doing  o after Malfoy had broken Harry’  no e; Hermione, however, looked cold and di tant all the way down to the  tadium through the cool, mi ty drizzle, and departed to find a place in the  tand  without wi hing Ron good luck. A  Harry had expected, the trial  took mo t of the morning. Half of Gryffindor Hou e  eemed to have turned up, from fir t year  who were nervou ly clutching a  election of the dreadful old  chool broom , to  eventh year  who towered over the re t, looking coolly intimidating. The latter included a large, wiryhaired boy Harry recognized immediately from the Hogwart  Expre . “We met on the train, in old Sluggy’  compartment,” he  aid confidently,  tepping out of the crowd to  hake Harry’  hand. “Cormac McLaggen, Keeper.” “You didn’t try out la t year, did you?” a ked Harry, taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking that he would probably block all three goal hoop  without even moving. “I wa  in the ho pital wing when they held the trial ,”  aid McLaggen, with  omething of a  wagger. “Ate a pound of doxy egg  for a bet.” “Right,”  aid Harry. “Well. . . if you wait over there …” He pointed over to the edge of the pitch, clo e to where Hermione wa   itting. He thought he  aw a flicker of annoyance pa  over McLaggen’  face and wondered whether McLaggen expected preferential treatment becau e they were both “old Sluggy’ ” favorite . Harry decided to  tart with a ba ic te t, a king all applicant  for the team to divide into group  of ten and fly once around the pitch. Thi  wa  a good deci ion: the fir t ten wa  made up of fir t year , and it could not have been plainer that they had hardly ever flown before. Only one boy managed to remain airborne for more than a few  econd , and he wa   o  urpri ed he promptly cra hed into one of the goal po t . The  econd group wa  compri ed of ten of the  illie t girl  Harry had ever encountered, who, when he blew hi  whi tle, merely fell about giggling and clutching one another. Romilda Vane wa  among t them. When he told them to leave the pitch, they did  o quite cheerfully and went to  it in the  tand  to heckle everyone el e. The third group had a pileup halfway around the pitch. Mo t of the fourth group had come without broom tick . The fifth group were Hufflepuff . “If there’  anyone el e here who’  not from Gryffindor,” roared Harry, who wa   tarting to get  eriou ly annoyed, “leave now, plea e! There wa  a pau e, then a couple of little Ravenclaw  went  printing off the pitch,  norting with laughter. After two hour , many complaint , and  everal tantrum , one involving a cra hed Comet Two Sixty and  everal broken teeth, Harry had found him elf three Cha er : Katie Bell, returned to the team after an excellent trial; a new find called Demelza Robin , who wa  particularly good at dodging Bludger ; and Ginny Wea ley, who had outflown all the competition and  cored  eventeen goal  to boot. Plea ed though he wa  with hi  choice , Harry had al o  houted him elf hoar e at the many complainer  and wa  now enduring a  imilar battle with the rejected Beater . “That’  my final deci ion and if you don’t get out of the way of the Keeper  I’ll hex you,” he bellowed. Neither of hi  cho en Beater  had the old brilliance of Fred and George, but he wa   till rea onably plea ed with them: Jimmy Peake , a  hort but broadche ted thirdyear boy who had managed to rai e a lump the  ize of an egg on the back of Harry’  head with a ferociou ly hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed well. They now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the  tand  to watch the  election of their la t team member. Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keeper  until la t, hoping for an emptier  tadium and le  pre ure on all concerned. Unfortunately, however, all the rejected player  and a number of people who had come down to watch after a lengthy breakfa t had joined the crowd by now,  o that it wa  larger than ever. A  each Keeper flew up to the goal hoop , the crowd roared and jeered in equal mea ure. Harry glanced over at Ron, who had alway  had a problem with nerve ; Harry had hoped that winning their final match la t term might have cured it, but apparently not: Ron wa  a delicate  hade of green. None of the fir t five applicant   aved more than two goal  apiece. To Harry’  great di appointment, Cormac McLaggen  aved four penaltie  out of five. On the la t one, however, he  hot off in completely the wrong direction; the crowd laughed and booed and McLaggen returned to the ground grinding hi  teeth. Ron looked ready to pa  out a  he mounted hi  Clean weep Eleven. “Good luck!” cried a voice from the  tand . Harry looked around, expecting to  ee Hermione, but it wa  Lavender Brown. He would have quite liked to have hidden hi  face in hi  hand , a   he did a moment later, but thought that a  the Captain he ought to  how  lightly more grit, and  o turned to watch Ron do hi  trial. Yet he need not have worried: Ron  aved one, two, three, four, five penaltie  in a row. Delighted, and re i ting joining in the cheer  of the crowd with difficulty, Harry turned to McLaggen to tell him that, mo t unfortunately, Ron had beaten him, only to find McLaggen’  red face inche  from hi  own. He  tepped back ha tily. “Hi   i ter didn’t really try,”  aid McLaggen menacingly. There wa  a vein pul ing in hi  temple like the one Harry had often admired in Uncle Vernon’ . “She gave him an ea y  ave.” “Rubbi h,”  aid Harry coldly. “That wa  the one he nearly mi ed.” McLaggen took a  tep nearer Harry, who  tood hi  ground thi  time. “Give me another go.” “No,”  aid Harry. “You’ve had your go. You  aved four. Ron  aved five. Ron’  Keeper, he won it fair and  quare. Get out of my way.” He thought for a moment that McLaggen might punch him, but he contented him elf with an ugly grimace and  tormed away, growling what  ounded like threat  to thin air. Harry turned around to find hi  new team beaming at him. “Well done,” he croaked. “You flew really well —” “You did brilliantly, Ron!” Thi  time it really wa  Hermione running toward them from the  tand ; Harry  aw Lavender walking off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather grumpy expre ion on her face. Ron looked extremely plea ed with him elf and even taller than u ual a  he grinned at the team and at Hermione. After fixing the time of their fir t full practice for the following Thur day, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade goodbye to the re t of the team and headed off toward Hagrid’ . A watery  un wa  trying to break through the cloud  now and it had  topped drizzling at la t. Harry felt extremely hungry; he hoped there would be  omething to eat at Hagrid’ . “I thought I wa  going to mi  that fourth penalty,” Ron wa   aying happily. “Tricky  hot from Demelza, did you  ee, had a bit of  pin on it —” “Ye , ye , you were magnificent,”  aid Hermione, looking amu ed. “I wa  better than that McLaggen anyway,”  aid Ron in a highly  ati fied voice. “Did you  ee him lumbering off in the wrong direction on hi  fifth? Looked like he’d been Confunded. …” To Harry’   urpri e, Hermione turned a very deep  hade of pink at the e word . Ron noticed nothing; he wa  too bu y de cribing each of hi  other penaltie  in loving detail. The great gray hippogriff, Buckbeak, wa  tethered in front of Hagrid’  cabin. He clicked hi  razor harp beak at their approach and turned hi  huge head toward them. “Oh dear,”  aid Hermione nervou ly. “He’   till a bit  cary, i n’t he?” “Come off it, you’ve ridden him, haven’t you?”  aid Ron. Harry  tepped forward and bowed low to the hippogriff without breaking eye contact or blinking. After a few  econd , Buckbeak  ank into a bow too. “How are you?” Harry a ked him in a low voice, moving forward to  troke the feathery head. “Mi ing him? But you’re okay here with Hagrid, aren’t you?” “Oi!”  aid a loud voice. Hagrid had come  triding around the corner of hi  cabin wearing a large flowery apron and carrying a  ack of potatoe . Hi  enormou  boarhound, Fang, wa  at hi  heel ; Fang gave a booming bark and bounded forward. “Git away from him! He’ll have yer finger  — oh. It’  yeh lot.” Fang wa  jumping up at Hermione and Ron, attempting to lick their ear . Hagrid  tood and looked at them all for a  plit  econd, then turned and  trode into hi  cabin,  lamming the door behind him. “Oh dear!”  aid Hermione, looking  tricken. “Don’t worry about it,”  aid Harry grimly. He walked over to the door and knocked loudly. “Hagrid! Open up, we want to talk to you!” There wa  no  ound from within. “If you don’t open the door, we’ll bla t it open!” Harry  aid, pulling out hi  wand. “Harry!”  aid Hermione,  ounding  hocked. “You can’t po ibly —” “Yeah, I can!”  aid Harry. “Stand back —” But before he could  ay anything el e, the door flew open again a  Harry had known it would, and there  tood Hagrid, glowering down at him and looking, de pite the flowery apron, po itively alarming. “I’m a teacher!” he roared at Harry. “A teacher, Potter! How dare yeh threaten ter break down my door!” “I’m  orry,  ir”  aid Harry, empha izing the la t word a  he  towed hi  wand in ide hi  robe . Hagrid looked  tunned. “Since when have yeh called me ’ ir’?” “Since when have you called me ‘Potter’?” “Oh, very clever,” growled Hagrid. “Very amu in’. That’  me out marted, innit? All righ’, come in then, yeh ungrateful little . . .” Mumbling darkly, he  tood back to let them pa . Hermione  curried in after Harry, looking rather frightened. “Well?”  aid Hagrid grumpily, a  Harry, Ron, and Hermione  at down around hi  enormou  wooden table, Fang laying hi  head immediately upon Harry’  knee and drooling all over hi  robe . “What’  thi ? Feelin’  orry for me? Reckon I’m lonely or  ummat?” “No,”  aid Harry at once. “We wanted to  ee you.” “We’ve mi ed you!”  aid Hermione tremulou ly. “Mi ed me, have yeh?”  norted Hagrid. “Yeah. Righ’.” He  tomped around, brewing up tea in hi  enormou  copper kettle, muttering all the while. Finally he  lammed down three bucket ized mug  of mahoganybrown tea in front of them and a plate of hi  rock cake . Harry wa  hungry enough even for Hagrid’  cooking, and took one at once. “Hagrid,”  aid Hermione timidly, when he joined them at the table and  tarted peeling hi  potatoe  with a brutality that  ugge ted that each tuber had done him a great per onal wrong, “we really wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creature , you know.” Hagrid gave another great  nort. Harry rather thought  ome bogey  landed on the potatoe , and wa  inwardly thankful that they were not  taying for dinner. “We did!”  aid Hermione. “But none of u  could fit it into our  chedule !” “Yeah. Righ’,”  aid Hagrid again. There wa  a funny  quelching  ound and they all looked around: Hermione let out a tiny  hriek, and Ron leapt out of hi   eat and hurried around the table away from the large barrel  tanding in the corner that they had only ju t noticed. It wa  full of what looked like footlong maggot ,  limy, white, and writhing. “What are they, Hagrid?” a ked Harry, trying to  ound intere ted rather than revolted, but putting down hi  rock cake all the  ame. “Ju ’ giant grub ,”  aid Hagrid. “And they grow into … ?”  aid Ron, looking apprehen ive. “They won’ grow inter nuthin’,”  aid Hagrid. “I got ‘em ter feed ter Aragog.” And without warning, he bur t into tear . “Hagrid!” cried Hermione, leaping up, hurrying around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of maggot , and putting an arm around hi   haking  houlder . “What i  it?” “It’ . . . him . ..” gulped Hagrid, hi  beetleblack eye   treaming a  he mopped hi  face with hi  apron. “It’  . . . Aragog. … I think he’  dyin’. . , . He got ill over the  ummer an’ he’  not gettin’ better…. I don’ know what I’ll do if he … if he … We’ve bin tergether  o long. …” Hermione patted Hagrid’   houlder, looking at a complete lo  for anything to  ay. Harry knew how  he felt. He had known Hagrid to pre ent a viciou  baby dragon with a teddy bear,  een him croon over giant  corpion  with  ucker  and  tinger , attempt to rea on with hi  brutal giant of a halfbrother, but thi  wa  perhap  the mo t incomprehen ible of all hi  mon ter fancie : the gigantic talking  pider, Aragog, who dwelled deep in the Forbidden Fore t and which he and Ron had only narrowly e caped four year  previou ly. “I  there — i  there anything we can do?” Hermione a ked, ignoring Ron’  frantic grimace  and head haking . “I don’ think there i , Hermione,” choked Hagrid, attempting to  tem the flood of hi  tear . “See, the re t o’ the tribe … Aragog’  family . . . they’re gettin’ a bit funny now he’  ill… bit re tive …” “Yeah, I think we  aw a bit of that  ide of them,”  aid Ron in an undertone. “… I don’ reckon it’d be  afe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the mo’,” Hagrid fini hed, blowing hi  no e hard on hi  apron and looking up. “But thank  fer offerin’, Hermione. … It mean  a lot.” After that, the atmo phere lightened con iderably, for although neither Harry nor Ron had  hown any inclination to go and feed giant grub  to a murderou , gargantuan  pider, Hagrid  eemed to take it for granted that they would have liked to have done and became hi  u ual  elf once more. “Ar, I alway  knew yeh’d find it hard ter  queeze me inter yer timetable ,” he  aid gruffly, pouring them more tea. “Even if yeh applied fer TimeTurner  —” “We couldn’t have done,”  aid Hermione. “We  ma hed the entire  tock of Mini try TimeTurner  when we were there la t  ummer. It wa  in the Daily Prophet.” “Ar, well then,”  aid Hagrid. “There’  no way yeh could’ve done it. … I’m  orry I’ve bin — yeh know — I’ve ju ’ bin worried about Aragog … an I did wonder whether, if Profe or GrubblyPlank had bin teachin’ yeh —” At which all three of them  tated categorically and untruthfully that Profe or GrubblyPlank, who had  ub tituted for Hagrid a few time , wa  a dreadful teacher, with the re ult that by the time Hagrid waved them off the premi e  at du k, he looked quite cheerful. “I’m  tarving,”  aid Harry, once the door had clo ed behind them and they were hurrying through the dark and de erted ground ; he had abandoned the rock cake after an ominou  cracking noi e from one of hi  back teeth. “And I’ve got that detention with Snape tonight, I haven’t got much time for dinner.” A  they came into the ca tle they  potted Cormac McLaggen entering the Great Hall. It took him two attempt  to get through the door ; he ricocheted off the frame on the fir t attempt. Ron merely guffawed gloatingly and  trode off into the Hall after him, but Harry caught Hermione’  arm and held her back. “What?”  aid Hermione defen ively. “If you a k me,”  aid Harry quietly, “McLaggen look  like he wa  Confunded thi  morning. And he wa   tanding right in front of where you were  itting.” Hermione blu hed. “Oh, all right then, I did it,”  he whi pered. “But you  hould have heard the way he wa  talking about Ron and Ginny! Anyway, he’  got a na ty temper, you  aw how he reacted when he didn’t get in — you wouldn’t have wanted  omeone like that on the team.” “No,”  aid Harry. “No, I  uppo e that’  true. But wa n’t that di hone t, Hermione? I mean, you’re a prefect, aren’t you?” “Oh, be quiet,”  he  napped, a  he  mirked. “What are you two doing?” demanded Ron, reappearing in the doorway to the Great Hall and looking  u piciou . “Nothing,”  aid Harry and Hermione together, and they hurried after Ron. The  mell of roa t beef made Harry’   tomach ache with hunger, but they had barely taken three  tep  toward the Gryffindor table when Profe or Slughorn appeared in front of them, blocking their path. “Harry, Harry, ju t the man I wa  hoping to  ee!” he boomed genially, twiddling the end  of hi  walru  mu tache and puffing out hi  enormou  belly, “I wa  hoping to catch you before dinner! What do you  ay to a  pot of  upper tonight in my room  in tead? We’re having a little party, ju t a few ri ing  tar , I’ve got McLaggen coming and Zabini, the charming Melinda Bobbin — I don’t know whether you know her? Her family own  a large chain of apothecarie  — and, of cour e, I hope very much that Mi  Granger will favor me by coming too.” Slughorn made Hermione a little bow a  he fini hed  peaking. It wa  a  though Ron wa  not pre ent; Slughorn did not  o much a  look at him. “I can’t come, Profe or,”  aid Harry at once. “I’ve got a detention with Profe or Snape.” “Oh dear!”  aid Slughorn, hi  face falling comically. “Dear, dear, I wa  counting on you, Harry! Well, now, I’ll ju t have to have a word with Severu  and explain the  ituation. I’m  ure I’ll be able to per uade him to po tpone your detention. Ye , I’ll  ee you both later!” He bu tled away out of the Hall. “He’  got no chance of per uading Snape,”  aid Harry, the moment Slughorn wa  out of ear hot. “Thi  detention’  already been po tponed once; Snape did it for Dumbledore, but he won’t do it for anyone el e.” “Oh, I wi h you could come, I don’t want to go on my own!”  aid Hermione anxiou ly; Harry knew that  he wa  thinking about McLaggen. “I doubt you’ll be alone, Ginny’ll probably be invited,”  napped Ron, who did not  eem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Slughorn. After dinner they made their way back to Gryffindor Tower. The common room wa  very crowded, a  mo t people had fini hed dinner by now, but they managed to find a free table and  at down; Ron, who had been in a bad mood ever  ince the encounter with Slughorn, folded hi  arm  and frowned at the ceiling. Hermione reached out for a copy of the Evening Prophet, which  omebody had left abandoned on a chair. “Anything new?”  aid Harry. “Not really. . .” Hermione had opened the new paper and wa   canning the in ide page . “Oh, look, your dad’  in here, Ron — he’  all right!”  he added quickly, for Ron had looked around in alarm. “It ju t  ay  he’  been to vi it the Malfoy ’ hou e. ‘Thi   econd  earch of the Death Eater  re idence doe  not  eem to have yielded any re ult . Arthur Wea ley of the Office for the Detection and Confi cation of Counterfeit Defen ive Spell  and Protective Object   aid that hi  team had been acting upon a confidential tipoff.’” “Yeah, mine!”  aid Harry. “I told him at King  Cro  about Malfoy and that thing he wa  trying to get Borgin to fix! Well, if it’  not at their hou e, he mu t have brought whatever it i  to Hogwart  with him —” “But how can he have done, Harry?”  aid Hermione, putting down the new paper with a  urpri ed look. “We were all  earched when we arrived, weren’t we?” “Were you?”  aid Harry, taken aback. “I wa n’t!” “Oh no, of cour e you weren’t, I forgot you were late. Well, Filch ran over all of u  with Secrecy Sen or  when we got into the entrance hall. Any Dark object would have been found, I know for a fact Crabbe had a  hrunken head confi cated. So you  ee, Malfoy can’t have brought in anything dangerou !” Momentarily  tymied, Harry watched Ginny Wea ley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before  eeing a way around thi  objection. “Someone’   ent it to him by owl, then,” he  aid. “Hi  mother or  omeone.” “All the owl  are being checked too,”  aid Hermione. “Filch told u   o when he wa  jabbing tho e Secrecy Sen or  everywhere he could reach.” Really  tumped thi  time, Harry found nothing el e to  ay. There did not  eem to be any way Malfoy could have brought a dangerou  or Dark object into the  chool. He looked hopefully at Ron, who wa   itting with hi  arm  folded,  taring over at Lavender Brown. “Can you think of any way Malfoy — ?” “Oh, drop it, Harry,”  aid Ron. “Li ten, it’  not my fault Slughorn invited Hermione and me to hi   tupid party, neither of u  wanted to go, you know!”  aid Harry, firing up. “Well, a  I’m not invited to any partie ,”  aid Ron, getting to hi  feet again, “I think I’ll go to bed.” He  tomped off toward the door to the boy ’ dormitorie , leaving Harry and Hermione  taring after him. “Harry?”  aid the new Cha er, Demelza Robin , appearing  uddenly at hi   houlder. “I’ve got a me age for you.” “From Profe or Slughorn?” a ked Harry,  itting up hopefully. “No … from Profe or Snape,”  aid Demelza. Harry’  heart  ank. “He  ay  you’re to come to hi  office at half pa t eight tonight to do your detention — er — no matter how many party invitation  you’ve received. And he wanted you to know you’ll be  orting out rotten flobberworm  from good one , to u e in Potion  and — and he  ay  there’  no need to bring protective glove .” “Right,”  aid Harry grimly. “Thank  a lot, Demelza.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 12: Silver and opal  Where wa  Dumbledore, and what wa  he doing? Harry caught  ight of the headma ter only twice over the next few week . He rarely appeared at meal  anymore, and Harry wa   ure Hermione wa  right in thinking that he wa  leaving the  chool for day  at a time. Had Dumbledore forgotten the le on  he wa   uppo ed to be giving Harry? Dumbledore had  aid that the le on  were leading to  omething to do with the prophecy; Harry had felt bol tered, comforted, and now he felt  lightly abandoned. Halfway through October came their fir t trip of the term to Hog meade. Harry had wondered whether the e trip  would  till be allowed, given the increa ingly tight  ecurity mea ure  around the  chool, but wa  plea ed to know that they were going ahead; it wa  alway  good to get out of the ca tle ground  for a few hour . Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which wa  proving  tormy, and whiled away the time until breakfa t by reading hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking. He did not u ually lie in bed reading hi  textbook ; that  ort of behavior, a  Ron rightly  aid, wa  indecent in anybody except Hermione, who wa   imply weird that way. Harry felt, however, that the HalfBlood Prince  copy of Advanced PotionMaking hardly qualified a  a textbook. The more Harry pored over the book, the more he realized how much wa  in there, not only the handy hint  and  hortcut  on potion  that wa  earning him  uch a glowing reputation with Slughorn, but al o the imaginative little jinxe  and hexe   cribbled in the margin , which Harry wa   ure, judging by the cro ing out and revi ion , that the Prince had invented him elf. Harry had already attempted a few of the Prince’   elfinvented  pell . There had been a hex that cau ed toenail  to grow alarmingly fa t (he had tried thi  on Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining re ult ); a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth (which he had twice u ed, to general applau e, on an un u pecting Argu  Filch); and, perhap  mo t u eful of all, Muffliato, a  pell that filled the ear  of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing,  o that lengthy conver ation  could be held in cla  with out being overheard. The only per on who did not find the e charm  amu ing wa  Hermione, who maintained a rigidly di approving expre ion throughout and refu ed to talk at all if Harry had u ed the Muffliato  pell on anyone in the vicinity. Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book  ideway   o a  to examine more clo ely the  cribbled in truction  for a  pell that  eemed to have cau ed the Prince  ome trouble. There were many cro ing out and alteration , but finally, crammed into a corner of the page, the  cribble: Levicorpu  (nvbl) While the wind and  leet pounded relentle ly on the window , and Neville  nored loudly, Harry  tared at the letter  in bracket . Nvbl . . that had to mean “nonverbal.” Harry rather doubted he would be able to bring off thi  particular  pell; he wa   till having difficulty with nonverbal  pell ,  omething Snape had been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. cla . On the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more effective teacher than Snape  o far. Pointing hi  wand at nothing in particular, he gave it an upward flick and  aid Levicorpu ! in ide hi  head. “Aaaaaaaargh!” There wa  a fla h of light and the room wa  full of voice : Everyone had woken up a  Ron had let out a yell. Harry  ent Advanced PotionMaking flying in panic; Ron wa  dangling up ide down in midair a  though an invi ible hook had hoi ted him up by the ankle. “Sorry!” yelled Harry, a  Dean and Seamu  roared with laughter, and Neville picked him elf up from the floor, having fallen out of Bed. “Hang on — I’ll let you down —” He groped for the potion book and riffled through it in a panic, trying to find the right page; at la t he located it and deciphered the cramped word underneath the  pell: Praying that thi  wa  the counterjinx, Harry thought Liberacorpu ! with all hi  might. There wa  another fla h of light, and Ron fell in a heap onto hi  mattre . “Sorry,” repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and Seamu  continued to roar with laughter. “Tomorrow,”  aid Ron in a muffled voice, “I’d rather you  et the alarm clock.” By the time they had got dre ed, padding them elve  out with  everal of Mr . Wea ley  handknitted  weater  and carrying cloak ,  carve , and glove , Ron’   hock had  ub ided and he had decided that Harry’  new  pell wa  highly amu ing;  o amu ing, in fact, that he lo t no time in regaling Hermione with the  tory a  they  at down for breakfa t. “… and then there wa  another fla h, of light and I landed on the bed again!” Ron grinned, helping him elf to  au age . Hermione had not cracked a  mile during thi  anecdote, and now turned an expre ion of wintry di approval upon Harry. “Wa  thi   pell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of your ?”  he a ked. Harry frowned at her. “Alway  jump to the wor t conclu ion, don’t you?” “Wa  it?” “Well. . . yeah, it wa , but  o what?” “So you ju t decided to try out an unknown, handwritten incantation and  ee what would happen?” “Why doe  it matter if it’  handwritten?”  aid Harry, preferring not to an wer the re t of the que tion. “Becau e it’  probably not Mini try of Magic approved,”  aid Hermione. “And al o,”  he added, a  Harry and Ron rolled their eye , “becau e I’m  tarting to think thi  Prince character wa  a bit dodgy.” Both Harry and Ron  houted her down at once. “It wa  a laugh!”  aid Ron, upending a ketchup bottle over hi   au age . “Ju t a laugh, Hermione, that’  all!” “Dangling people up ide down by the ankle?”  aid Hermione. “Who put  their time and energy into making up  pell  like that?” “Fred and George,”  aid Ron,  hrugging, “it’  their kind of thing. And, er—” “My dad,”  aid Harry. He had only ju t remembered. “What?”  aid Ron and Hermione together. “My dad u ed thi   pell,”  aid Harry. “I — Lupin told me.” ‘Thi  la t part wa  not true; in fact, Harry had  een hi  father u e the  pell on Snape, but he had never told Ron and Hermione about that particular excur ion into the Pen ieve. Now, however, a wonderful po ibility occurred to him. Could the HalfBlood Prince po ibly be — ? “Maybe your dad did u e it, Harry,”  aid Hermione, “but he’  not the only one. We’ve  een a whole bunch of people u e it, in ca e you’ve forgotten. Dangling people in the air. Making them float along, a leep, helple .” Harry  tared at her. With a  inking feeling, he too remembered the behavior of the Death Eater  at the Quidditch World Cup. Ron came to hi  aid. “That wa  different,” he  aid robu tly. “They were abu ing it. Harry and hi  dad were ju t having a laugh. You don’t like the Prince, Hermione,” he added, pointing a  au age at her  ternly, “becau e he’  better than you at Potion  —” “It’  got nothing to do with that!”  aid Hermione, her cheek  reddening. “I ju t think it’  very irre pon ible to  tart performing  pell  when you don’t even know what they’re for, and  top talking about ‘the Prince’ a  if it’  hi  title, I bet it’  ju t a  tupid nickname, and it doe n’t  eem a  though he wa  a very nice per on to me!” “I don’t  ee where you get that from,”  aid Harry heatedly. “If he’d been a budding Death Eater he wouldn’t have been boa ting about being ‘halfblood,’ would he?” Even a  he  aid it, Harry remembered that hi  father had been pureblood, but he pu hed the thought out of hi  mind; he would worry about that later. “The Death Eater  can’t all be pureblood, there aren’t enough pureblood wizard  left,”  aid Hermione  tubbornly. “I expect mo t of them are halfblood  pretending to be pure. It’  only Muggleborn  they hate, they’d be quite happy to let you and Ron join up.” “There i  no way they’d let me be a Death Eater!”  aid Ron indignantly, a bit of  au age flying off the fork he wa  now brandi hing at Hermione and hitting Ernie Macmillan on the head. “My whole family are blood traitor ! That’  a  bad a  Muggleborn  to Death Eater !” “And they’d love to have me,”  aid Harry  arca tically. “We’d be be t pal  if they didn’t keep trying to do me in.” Thi  made Ron laugh; even Hermione gave a grudging  mile, and a di traction arrived in the  hape of Ginny. “Hey, Harry, I’m  uppo ed to give you thi .” It wa  a  croll of parchment with Harry’  name written upon it in familiar thin,  lanting writing. “Thank , Ginny. . . It’  Dumbledore’  next le on!” Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the parchment and quickly reading it  content . “Monday evening!” He felt  uddenly light and happy. “Want to join u  in Hog meade, Ginny?” he a ked. “I’m going with Dean — might  ee you there,”  he replied, waving at them a   he left. Filch wa   tanding at the oak front door  a  u ual, checking off the name  of people who had permi ion to go into Hog meade. The proce  took even longer than normal a  Filch wa  triplechecking everybody with hi  Secrecy Sen or. “What doe  it matter if we’re  muggling Dark  tuff OUT?” demanded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy Sen or with apprehen ion. “Surely you ought to be checking what we bring back IN?” Hi  cheek earned him a few extra jab  with the Sen or, and he wa   till wincing a  they  tepped out into the wind and  leet. The walk into Hog meade wa  not enjoyable. Harry wrapped hi   carf over hi  lower face; the expo ed part  oon felt both raw and numb. The road to the village wa  full of  tudent  bent double again t the bitter wind. More than once Harry wondered whether they might not have had a better time in the warm common room, and when they finally reached Hog meade and  aw that Zonko’  Joke Shop had been boarded up, Harry took it a  confirmation that thi  trip wa  not de tined to be fun. Ron pointed, with a thickly gloved hand, toward Honeyduke , which wa  mercifully open, and Harry and Hermione  taggered in hi  wake into the crowded  hop. “Thank God,”  hivered Ron a  they were enveloped by warm, toffee cented air. “Let’   tay here all afternoon.” “Harry, m’boy!”  aid a booming voice from behind them. “Oh no,” muttered Harry. The three of them turned to  ee Profe or Slughorn, who wa  wearing an enormou  furry hat and an overcoat with matching fur collar, clutching a large bag of cry talized pineapple, and occupying at lea t a quarter of the  hop. “Harry, that’  three of my little  upper  you’ve mi ed now!”  aid Slughorn, poking him genially in the che t. “It won’t do, m’boy, I’m determined to have you! Mi  Granger love  them, don’t you?” “Ye ,”  aid Hermione helple ly, “they’re really —” “So why don’t you come along, Harry?” demanded Slughorn. “Well, I’ve had Quidditch practice, Profe or,”  aid Harry, who had indeed been  cheduling practice  every time Slughorn had  ent him a little, violet ribbonadorned invitation. Thi   trategy meant that Ron wa  not left out, and they u ually had a laugh with Ginny, imagining Hermione  hut up with McLaggen and Zabini. “Well, I certainly expect you to win your fir t match after all the hard work!”  aid Slughorn. “But a little recreation never hurt any body. Now, how about Monday night, you can’t po ibly want to practice in thi  weather….” “I can’t, Profe or, I’ve got — er — an appointment with Profe or Dumbledore that evening.” “Unlucky again!” cried Slughorn dramatically. “Ah, well . . . you can’t evade me forever, Harry!” And with a regal wave, he waddled out of the  hop, taking a  little notice of Ron a  though he had been a di play of Cockroach Clu ter . “I can’t believe you’ve wriggled out of another one,”  aid Hermione,  haking her head. “They’re not that bad, you know. . . They’re even quite fun  ometime . . . .” But then  he caught  ight of Ron’  expre ion. “Oh, look — they’ve got deluxe  ugar quill  — tho e would la t hour !” Glad that Hermione had changed the  ubject, Harry  howed much more intere t in the new extralarge  ugar quill  than he would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely  hrugged when Hermione a ked him where he wanted to go next. “Let’  go to the Three Broom tick ,”  aid Harry. “It’ll be warm.” They bundled their  carve  back over their face  and left the  weet hop. The bitter wind wa  like knive  on their face  after the  ugary warmth of Honeyduke . The  treet wa  not very bu y; nobody wa  lingering to chat, ju t hurrying toward their de tination . The exception  were two men a little ahead of them,  tanding ju t out ide the Three Broom tick . One wa  very tall and thin;  quinting through hi  rainwa hed gla e  Harry recognized the barman who worked in the other Hog meade pub, the Hog’  Head. A  Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew clo er, the barman drew hi  cloak more tightly around hi  neck and walked away, leaving the  horter man to fumble with  omething in hi  arm . They were barely feet from him when Harry realized who the man wa . “Mundungu !” The  quat, bandylegged man with long,  traggly, ginger hair jumped and dropped an ancient  uitca e, which bur t open, relea ing what looked like the entire content  of a junk  hop window. “Oh, ‘ello, ‘Arry,”  aid Mundungu  Fletcher, with a mo t unconvincing  tab at airine . “Well, don’t let me keep ya.” And he began  crabbling on the ground to retrieve the content  of hi   uitca e with every appearance of a man eager to be gone. “Are you  elling thi   tuff?” a ked Harry, watching Mundungu  grab an a ortment of grubbylooking object  from the ground. “Oh, well, gotta  crape a living,”  aid Mundungu . “Gimme that!” Ron had  tooped down and picked up  omething  ilver. “Hang on,” Ron  aid  lowly. “Thi  look  familiar —” “Thank you!”  aid Mundungu ,  natching the goblet out of Ron’  hand and  tuffing it back into the ca e. “Well, I’ll  ee you all _ OUCH!” Harry had pinned Mundungu  again t the wall of the pub by the throat. Holding him fa t with one hand, he pulled out hi  wand. “Harry!”  quealed Hermione. “You took that from Sinu ’  hou e,”  aid Harry, who wa  almo t no e to no e with Mundungu  and wa  breathing in an unplea ant  mell of old tobacco and  pirit . “That had the Black family cre t on it.” “I — no — what — ?”  pluttered Mundungu , who wa   lowly turning purple. “What did you do, go back the night he died and  trip the place?”  narled Harry. “I — no — “ “Give it to me!” “Harry, you mu tn’t!”  hrieked Hermione, a  Mundungu   tarted to turn blue. There wa  a bang, and Harry felt hi  hand  fly off Mundungu ’  throat. Ga ping and  pluttering, Mundungu   eized hi  fallen ca e, then — CRACK— he Di apparated. Harry  wore at the top of hi  voice,  pinning on the  pot to  ee where Mundungu  had gone. “COME BACK, YOU THIEVING — !” “There’  no point, Harry.” Tonk  had appeared out of nowhere, her mou y hair wet with  leet. “Mundungu  will probably be in London by now. There’  no point yelling.” “He’  nicked Siriu ’   tuff! Nicked it!” “Ye , but  till,”  aid Tonk , who  eemed perfectly untroubled by thi  piece of information. “You  hould get out of the cold.” She watched them go through the door of the Three Broom tick . The moment he wa  in ide, Harry bur t out, “He wa  nicking Siriu ’   tuff!” “I know, Harry, but plea e don’t  hout, people are  taring,” whi pered Hermione. “Go and  it down, I’ll get you a drink.” Harry wa   till fuming when Hermione returned to their table a few minute  later holding three bottle  of butterbeer. “Can’t the Order control Mundungu ?” Harry demanded of the other two in a furiou  whi per. “Can’t they at lea t  top him  tealing everything that’  not fixed down when he’  at headquarter ?” “Shh!”  aid Hermione de perately, looking around to make  ure nobody wa  li tening; there were a couple of warlock   itting clo e by who were  taring at Harry with great intere t, and Zabini wa  lolling again t a pillar not far away. “Harry, I’d be annoyed too, I know it’  your thing  he’   tealing—” Harry gagged on hi  butterbeer; he had momentarily forgotten that he owned number twelve, Grimmauld Place. “Yeah, it’  my  tuff!” he  aid. “No wonder he wa n’t plea ed to  ee me! Well, I’m going to tell Dumbledore what’  going on, he’  the only one who  care  Mundungu .” “Good idea,” whi pered Hermione, clearly plea ed that Harry wa  calming down. “Ron, what are you  taring at?” “Nothing,”  aid Ron, ha tily looking away from the bar, but Harry knew he wa  trying to catch the eye of the curvy and attractive barmaid, Madam Ro merta, for whom he had long nur ed a  oft  pot. “I expect ‘nothing’ ’ in the back getting more firewhi ky,”  aid Hermione wa pi hly. Ron ignored thi  jibe,  ipping hi  drink in what he evidently con idered to be a dignified  ilence. Harry wa  thinking about Siriu , and how he had hated tho e  ilver goblet  anyway. Hermione drummed her finger  on the table, her eye  flickering between Ron and the bar. The moment Harry drained the la t drop  in hi  bottle  he  aid, “Shall we call it a day and go back to  chool, then?” The other two nodded; it had not been a fun trip and the weather wa  getting wor e the longer they  tayed. Once again they drew their cloak  tightly around them, rearranged their  carve , pulled on their glove , then followed Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub and back up the High Street. Harry’  thought   trayed to Ginny a  they trudged up the road to Hogwart  through the frozen  lu h. They had not met up with her, undoubtedly, thought Harry, becau e  he and Dean were cozily clo eted in Madam Puddifoot’  Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couple . Scowling, he bowed hi  head again t the  wirling  leet and trudged on. It wa  a little while before Harry became aware that the voice  of Katie Bell and her friend, which were being carried back to him on the wind, had become  hriller and louder. Harry  quinted at their indi tinct figure . The two girl  were having an argument about  omething Katie wa  holding in her hand. “It’  nothing to do with you, Leanne!” Harry heard Katie  ay. They rounded a corner in the lane,  leet coming thick and fa t, blurring Harry’  gla e . Ju t a  he rai ed a gloved hand to wipe them, Leanne made to grab hold of the package Katie wa  holding; Katie tugged it back and the package fell to the ground. At once, Katie ro e into the air, not a  Ron had done,  u pended comically by the ankle, but gracefully, her arm  out tretched, a  though  he wa  about to fly. Yet there wa   omething wrong,  omething eerie. . . . Her hair wa  whipped around her by the fierce wind, but her eye  were clo ed and her face wa  quite empty of expre ion. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne had all halted in their track , watching. Then,  ix feet above the ground, Katie let out a terrible  cream. Her eye  flew open but whatever  he could  ee, or whatever  he wa  feeling, wa  clearly cau ing her terrible angui h. She  creamed and  creamed; Leanne  tarted to  cream too and  eized Katie’  ankle , trying to tug her back to the ground. Harry, Ron, and Hermione ru hed forward to help, but even a  they grabbed Katie’  leg ,  he fell on top of them; Harry and Ron managed to catch her but  he wa  writhing  o much they could hardly hold her. In tead they lowered her to the ground where  he thra hed and  creamed, apparently unable to recognize any of them. Harry looked around; the land cape  eemed de erted. “Stay there!” he  houted at the other  over the howling wind. “I’m going for help!” He began to  print toward the  chool; he had never  een anyone behave a  Katie had ju t behaved and could not think what had cau ed it; he hurtled around a bend in the lane and collided with what  eemed to be an enormou  bear on it  hind leg . “Hagrid!” he panted, di entangling him elf from the hedgerow into which he had fallen. “Harry!”  aid Hagrid, who had  leet trapped in hi  eyebrow  and beard, and wa  wearing hi  great,  haggy beaver kin coat. “Ju ’ bin vi itin’ Grawp, he’  comin’ on  o well yeh wouldn’ —” “Hagrid,  omeone’  hurt back there, or cur ed, or  omething —” “Wha ?”  aid Hagrid, bending lower to hear what Harry wa   aying over the raging wind. “Someone’  been cur ed!” bellowed Harry. “Cur ed? Who’  bin cur ed — not Ron? Hermione?” “No, it’  not them, it’  Katie Bell — thi  way . . .” Together they ran back along the lane. It took them no time to find the little group of people around Katie, who wa   till writhing and  creaming on the ground; Ron, Hermione, and Leanne were all trying to quiet her. “Get back!”  houted Hagrid. “Lemme  ee her!” “Something’  happened to her!”  obbed Leanne. “I don’t know what —” Hagrid  tared at Katie for a  econd, then without a word, bent down,  cooped her into hi  arm , and ran off toward the ca tle with her. Within  econd , Katie’  piercing  cream  had died away and the only  ound wa  the roar of the wind. Hermione hurried over to Katie’  wailing friend and put an arm around her. “It’  Leanne, i n’t it?” The girl nodded. “Did it ju t happen all of a  udden, or — ?” “It wa  when that package tore,”  obbed Leanne, pointing at the now  odden brownpaper package on the ground, which had  plit open to reveal a greeni h glitter. Ron bent down, hi  hand out tretched, but Harry  eized hi  arm and pulled him back. “Don’t touch it!” He crouched down. An ornate opal necklace wa  vi ible, poking out of the paper. “I’ve  een that before,”  aid Harry,  taring at the thing. “It wa  on di play in Borgin and Burke  age  ago. The label  aid it wa  cur ed. Katie mu t have touched it.” He looked up at Leanne, who had  tarted to  hake uncontrollably. “How did Katie get hold of thi ?” “Well, that’  why we were arguing. She came back from the bathroom in the Three Broom tick  holding it,  aid it wa  a  urpri e for  omebody at Hogwart  and  he had to deliver it. She looked all funny when  he  aid it. … Oh no, oh no, I bet  he’d been Imperiu ed and I didn’t realize!” Leanne  hook with renewed  ob . Hermione patted her  houlder gently. “She didn’t  ay who’d given it to her, Leanne?” “No . . .  he wouldn’t tell me . . . and I  aid  he wa  being  tupid and not to take it up to  chool, but  he ju t wouldn’t li ten and . . . and then I tried to grab it from her . . . and — and —” Leanne let out a wail of de pair. “We’d better get up to  chool,”  aid Hermione, her arm  till around Leanne. “We’ll be able to find out how  he i . Come on. . . .” Harry he itated for a moment, then pulled hi   carf from around hi  face and, ignoring Ron’  ga p, carefully covered the necklace in it and picked it up. “We’ll need to  how thi  to Madam Pomfrey,” he  aid. A  they followed Hermione and Leanne up the road, Harry wa  thinking furiou ly. They had ju t entered the ground  when he  poke, unable to keep hi  thought  to him elf any longer. “Malfoy know  about thi  necklace. It wa  in a ca e at Borgin and Burke  four year  ago, I  aw him having a good look at it while I wa  hiding from him and hi  dad. Thi  i  what he wa  buying that day when we followed him! He remembered it and he went back for it!” , “I — I dunno, Harry,”  aid Ron he itantly. “Load  of people go to Borgin and Burke  . . . and didn’t that girl  ay Katie got it in the girl ’ bathroom?” “She  aid  he came back from the bathroom with it,  he didn’t nece arily get it in the bathroom it elf—” “McGonagall!”  aid Ron warningly. Harry looked up. Sure enough, Profe or McGonagall wa  hurrying down the  tone  tep  through  wirling  leet to meet them. “Hagrid  ay  you four  aw what happened to Katie Bell — up tair  to my office at once, plea e! What’  that you’re holding, Potter?” “It’  the thing  he touched,”  aid Harry. “Good lord,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, looking alarmed a   he took the necklace from Harry. “No, no, Filch, they’re with me!”  he added ha tily, a  Filch came  huffling eagerly acro  the entrance hall holding hi  Secrecy Sen or aloft. “Take thi  necklace to Profe or Snape at once, but be  ure not to touch it, keep it wrapped in the  carf!” Harry and the other  followed Profe or McGonagall up tair  and into her office. The  leet pattered window  were rattling in their frame , and the room wa  chilly de pite the fire crackling in the grate. Profe or McGonagall clo ed the door and  wept around her de k to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the  till  obbing Leanne. “Well?”  he  aid  harply. “What happened?” Haltingly, and with many pau e  while  he attempted to control her crying, Leanne told Profe or McGonagall how Katie had gone to the bathroom in the Three Broom tick  and returned holding the unmarked package, how Katie had  eemed a little odd, and how they had argued about the advi ability of agreeing to deliver unknown object , the argument culminating in the tu le over the parcel, which tore open. At thi  point, Leanne wa   o overcome, there wa  no getting another word out of her. “All right,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, not unkindly, “go up to the ho pital wing, plea e, Leanne, and get Madam Pomfrey to give you  omething for  hock.” When  he had left the room, Profe or McGonagall turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “What happened when Katie touched the necklace?” “She ro e up in the air,”  aid Harry, before either Ron or Hermione could  peak, “and then began to  cream, and collap ed. Profe or, can I  ee Profe or Dumbledore, plea e?” “The headma ter i  away until Monday, Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, looking  urpri ed. “Away?” Harry repeated angrily. “Ye , Potter, away!”  aid Profe or McGonagall tartly. “But anything you have to  ay about thi  horrible bu ine  can be  aid to me, I’m  ure!” For a  plit  econd, Harry he itated. Profe or McGonagall did not invite confidence ; Dumbledore, though in many way  more intimidating,  till  eemed le  likely to  corn a theory, however wild. Thi  wa  a lifeanddeath matter, though, and no moment to worry about being laughed at. “I think Draco Malfoy gave Katie that necklace, Profe or.” On one  ide of him, Ron rubbed hi  no e in apparent embarra ment; on the other, Hermione  huffled her feet a  though quite keen to put a bit of di tance between her elf and Harry. “That i  a very  eriou  accu ation, Potter,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, after a  hocked pau e. “Do you have any proof?” “No,”  aid Harry, “but…” and he told her about following Malfoy to Borgin and Burke  and the conver ation they had overheard between him and Mr. Borgin. When he had fini hed  peaking, Profe or McGonagall looked  lightly confu ed. “Malfoy took  omething to Borgin and Burke  for repair?” “No, Profe or, he ju t wanted Borgin to tell him how to mend  omething, he didn’t have it with him. But that’  not the point, the thing i  that he bought  omething at the  ame time, and I think it wa  that necklace —” “You  aw Malfoy leaving the  hop with a  imilar package?” “No, Profe or, he told Borgin to keep it in the  hop for him —” “But Harry,” Hermione interrupted, “Borgin a ked him if he wanted to take it with him, and Malfoy  aid no —” “Becau e he didn’t want to touch it, obviou ly!”  aid Harry angrily. “What he actually  aid wa , ‘How would I look carrying that down the  treet?’”  aid Hermione. “Well, he would look a bit of a prat carrying a necklace,” interjected Ron. “Oh, Ron,”  aid Hermione de pairingly, “it would be all wrapped up,  o he wouldn’t have to touch it, and quite ea y to hide in ide a cloak,  o nobody would  ee it! I think whatever he re erved at Borgin and Burke  wa  noi y or bulky,  omething he knew would draw attention to him if he carried it down the  treet — and in any ca e,”  he pre ed on loudly, before Harry could interrupt, “I a ked Borgin about the necklace, don’t you remember? When I went in to try and find out what Malfoy had a ked him to keep, I  aw it there. And Borgin ju t told me the price, he didn’t  ay it wa  already  old or anything —” “Well, you were being really obviou , he realized what you were up to within about five  econd , of cour e he wa n’t going to tell you — anyway, Malfoy could’ve  ent off for it  ince —” “That’  enough!”  aid Profe or McGonagall, a  Hermione opened her mouth to retort, looking furiou . “Potter, I appreciate you telling me thi , but we cannot point the finger of blame at Mr. Malfoy purely becau e he vi ited the  hop where thi  necklace might have been purcha ed. The  ame i  probably true of hundred  of people —” “— that’  what I  aid —” muttered Ron. “— and in any ca e, we have put  tringent  ecurity mea ure  in place thi  year. I do not believe that necklace can po ibly have entered thi   chool without our knowledge —” “But —” “— and what i  more,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, with an air of awful finality, “Mr. Malfoy wa  not in Hog meade today.” Harry gaped at her, deflating. “How do you know, Profe or?” “Becau e he wa  doing detention with me. He ha  now failed to complete hi  Tran figuration homework twice in a row. So, thank you for telling me your  u picion , Potter,”  he  aid a   he marched pa t them, “but I need to go up to the ho pital wing now to check on Katie Bell. Good day to you all.” She held open her office door. They had no choice but to file pa t her without another word. Harry wa  angry with the other two for  iding with McGonagall; neverthele , he felt compelled to join in once they  tarted di cu ing what had happened. “So who do you reckon Katie wa   uppo ed to give the necklace to?” a ked Ron, a  they climbed the  tair  to the common room. “Goodne  only know ,”  aid Hermione. “But whoever it wa  ha  had a narrow e cape. No one could have opened that package without touching the necklace.” “It could’ve been meant for load  of people,”  aid Harry. “Dumbledore — the Death Eater  would love to get rid of him, he mu t be one of their top target . Or Slughorn — Dumbledore reckon  Voldemort really wanted him and they can’t be plea ed that he’   ided with Dumbledore. Or —” “Or you,”  aid Hermione, looking troubled. “Couldn’t have been,”  aid Harry, “or Katie would’ve ju t turned around in the lane and given it to me, wouldn’t  he? I wa  behind her all the way out of the Three Broom tick . It would have made much more  en e to deliver the parcel out ide Hogwart , what with Filch  earching everyone who goe  in and out. I wonder why Malfoy told her to take it into the ca tle?” “Harry, Malfoy wa n’t in Hog meade!”  aid Hermione, actually  tamping her foot in fru tration. “He mu t have u ed an accomplice, then,”  aid Harry. “Crabbe or Goyle — or, come to think of it, another Death Eater, he’ll have load  better cronie  than Crabbe and Goyle now he’  joined up —” Ron and Hermione exchanged look  that plainly  aid There’  no point arguing with him. “Dilligrout,”  aid Hermione firmly a  they reached the Fat Lady. The portrait  wung open to admit them to the common room. It wa  quite full and  melled of damp clothing; many people  eemed to have returned from Hog meade early becau e of the bad weather. There wa  no buzz of fear or  peculation, however: Clearly, the new  of Katie’  fate had not yet  pread. “It wa n’t a very  lick attack, really, when you  top and think about it,”  aid Ron, ca ually turfing a fir t year out of one of the good armchair  by the fire  o that he could  it down. “The cur e didn’t even make it into the ca tle. Not what you’d call foolproof.” “You’re right,”  aid Hermione, prodding Ron out of the chair with her foot and offering it to the fir t year again. “It wa n’t very well thoughtout at all.” “But  ince when ha  Malfoy been one of the world’  great thinker ?” a ked Harry. Neither Ron nor Hermione an wered him. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 13: The Secret Riddle Katie wa  removed to St. Mungo’  Ho pital for Magical Maladie  and Injurie  the following day, by which time the new  that  he had been cur ed had  pread all over the  chool, though the detail  were confu ed and nobody other than Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne  eemed to know that Katie her elf had not been the intended target. “Oh, and Malfoy know , of cour e,”  aid Harry to Ron and Hermione, who continued their new policy of feigning deafne  whenever Harry mentioned hi  MalfoyI aDeathEater theory. Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would return from wherever he had been in time for Monday night’  le on, but having had no word to the contrary, he pre ented him elf out ide Dumbledore’  office at eight o’clock, knocked, and wa  told to enter. There  at Dumbledore looking unu ually tired; hi  hand wa  a  black and burned a  ever, but he  miled when he ge tured to Harry to  it down. The Pen ieve wa   itting on the de k again, ca ting  ilvery  peck  of light over the ceiling. “You have had a bu y time while I have been away,” Dumbledore  aid. “I believe you witne ed Katie’  accident.” “Ye ,  ir. How i   he?” “Still very unwell, although  he wa  relatively lucky. She appear  to have bru hed the necklace with the  malle t po ible amount of  kin; there wa  a tiny hole in her glove. Had  he put it on, had  he even held it in her ungloved hand,  he would have died, perhap  in tantly. Luckily Profe or Snape wa  able to do enough to prevent a rapid  pread of the cur e —” “Why him?” a ked Harry quickly. “Why not Madam Pomfrey?” “Impertinent,”  aid a  oft voice from one of the portrait  on the wall, and Phinea  Nigellu  Black, Siriu ’  greatgreatgrandfather, rai ed hi  head from hi  arm  where he had appeared to be  leeping. “I would not have permitted a  tudent to que tion the way Hogwart  operated in my day.” “Ye , thank you, Phinea ,”  aid Dumbledore quellingly. “Profe or Snape know  much more about the Dark Art  than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. Anyway, the St. Mungo’   taff are  ending me hourly report , and I am hopeful that Katie will make a full recovery in time.” “Where were you thi  weekend,  ir?” Harry a ked, di regarding a  trong feeling that he might be pu hing hi  luck, a feeling apparently  hared by Phinea  Nigellu , who hi ed  oftly. “I would rather not  ay ju t now,”  aid Dumbledore. “However, I  hall tell you in due cour e.” “You will?”  aid Harry,  tartled. “Ye , I expect  o,”  aid Dumbledore, withdrawing a fre h bottle of  ilver memorie  from in ide hi  robe  and uncorking it with a prod of hi  wand. “Sir,”  aid Harry tentatively, “I met Mundungu  in Hog meade.” “Ah ye , I am already aware that Mundungu  ha  been treating your inheritance with lightfingered contempt,”  aid Dumbledore, frowning a little. “He ha  gone to ground  ince you acco ted him out ide the Three Broom tick ; I rather think he dread  facing me. However, re t a ured that he will not be making away with any more of Siriu ’  old po e ion .” “That mangy old halfblood ha  been  tealing Black heirloom ?”  aid Phinea  Nigellu , incen ed; and he  talked out of hi  frame, undoubtedly to vi it hi  portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place. “Profe or,”  aid Harry, after a  hort pau e, “did Profe or McGonagall tell you what I told her after Katie got hurt? About Draco Malfoy?” “She told me of your  u picion , ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “And do you — ?” “I  hall take all appropriate mea ure  to inve tigate anyone who might have had a hand in Katie’  accident,”  aid Dumbledore. “But what concern  me now, Harry, i  our le on.” Harry felt  lightly re entful at thi : If their le on  were  o very important, why had there been  uch a long gap between the fir t and  econd? However, he  aid no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched a  Dumbledore poured the fre h memorie  into the Pen ieve and began  wirling the  tone ba in once more between hi  longfingered hand . “You will remember, I am  ure, that we left the tale of Lord Voldemort’  beginning  at the point where the hand ome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned hi  witch wife, Merope, and returned to hi  family home in Little Hangleton. Merope wa  left alone in London, expecting the baby who would one day become Lord Voldemort.” “How do you know  he wa  in London,  ir?” “Becau e of the evidence of one Caractacu  Burke,”  aid Dumbledore, “who, by an odd coincidence, helped found the very  hop whence came the necklace we have ju t been di cu ing.” He  willed the content  of the Pen ieve a  Harry had  een him  will them before, much a  a gold pro pector  ift  for gold. Up out of the  wirling,  ilvery ma  ro e a little old man revolving  lowly in the Pen ieve,  ilver a  a gho t but much more  olid, with a thatch of hair that completely covered hi  eye . “Ye , we acquired it in curiou  circum tance . It wa  brought in by a young witch ju t before Chri tma , oh, many year  ago now. She  aid  he needed the gold badly, well, that much wa  obviou . Covered in rag  and pretty far along . . . Going to have a baby,  ee. She  aid the locket had been Slytherin’ . Well, we hear that  ort of  tory all the time, ‘Oh, thi  wa  Merlin’ , thi  wa , hi  favorite teapot,’ but when I looked at it, it had hi  mark all right, and a few  imple  pell  were enough to tell me the truth. Of cour e, that made it near enough pricele . She didn’t  eem to have any idea how much it wa  worth. Happy to get ten Galleon  for it. Be t bargain we ever made!” Dumbledore gave the Pen ieve an extravigorou   hake and Caractacu  Burke de cended back into the  wirling ma  of memory from whence he had come. “He only gave her ten Galleon ?”  aid Harry indignantly. “Caractacu  Burke wa  not famed for hi  genero ity,”  aid Dumbledore. “So we know that, near the end of her pregnancy, Merope wa  alone in London and in de perate need of gold, de perate enough to  ell her one and only valuable po e ion, the locket that wa  one of Marvolo’  trea ured family heirloom .” “But  he could do magic!”  aid Harry impatiently. “She could have got food and everything for her elf by magic, couldn’t  he?” “Ah,”  aid Dumbledore, “perhap   he could. But it i  my belief—I am gue ing again, but I am  ure I am right — that when her hu band abandoned her, Merope  topped u ing magic. I do not think that  he wanted to be a witch any longer. Of cour e, it i  al o po ible that her unrequited love and the attendant de pair  apped her of her power ; that can happen. In any ca e, a  you are about to  ee, Merope refu ed to rai e her wand even to  ave her own life.” “She wouldn’t even  tay alive for her  on?” Dumbledore rai ed hi  eyebrow . “Could you po ibly be feeling  orry for Lord Voldemort?” “No,”  aid Harry quickly, “but  he had a choice, didn’t  he, not like my mother —” “Your mother had a choice too,”  aid Dumbledore gently. “Ye , Merope Riddle cho e death in  pite of a  on who needed her, but do not judge her too har hly, Harry. She wa  greatly weakened by long  uffering and  he never had your mother’  courage. And now, if you will  tand …” “Where are we going?” Harry a ked, a  Dumbledore joined him at the front of the de k. “Thi  time,”  aid Dumbledore, “we are going to enter my memory. I think you will find it both rich in detail and  ati fyingly accurate. After you, Harry …” Harry bent over the Pen ieve; hi  face broke the cool  urface of the memory and then he wa  falling through darkne  again. . . . Second  later, hi  feet hit firm ground; he opened hi  eye  and found that he and Dumbledore were  tanding in a bu tling, oldfa hioned London  treet. “There I am,”  aid Dumbledore brightly, pointing ahead of them to a tall figure cro ing the road in front of a hor edrawn milk cart. Thi  younger Albu  Dumbledore’  long hair and beard were auburn. Having reached their  ide of the  treet, he  trode off along the pavement, drawing many curiou  glance  due to the flamboyantly cut  uit of plum velvet that he wa  wearing. “Nice  uit,  ir,”  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf, but Dumbledore merely chuckled a  they followed hi  younger  elf a  hort di tance, finally pa ing through a  et of iron gate  into a bare courtyard that fronted a rather grim,  quare building  urrounded by high railing . He mounted the few  tep  leading to the front door and knocked once. After a moment or two, the door wa  opened by a  cruffy girl wearing an apron. “Good afternoon. I have an appointment with a Mr . Cole, who, I believe, i  the matron here?” “Oh,”  aid the bewilderedlooking girl, taking in Dumbledore’  eccentric appearance. “Um. . . ju t a mo’ . . . MRS. COLE!”  he bellowed over her  houlder. Harry heard a di tant voice  houting  omething in re pon e. The girl turned back to Dumbledore. “Come in,  he’  on ‘er way.” Dumbledore  tepped into a hallway tiled in black and white; the whole place wa   habby but  potle ly clean. Harry and the older Dumbledore followed. Before the front door had clo ed behind them, a  kinny, hara edlooking woman came  currying toward them. She had a  harpfeatured face that appeared more anxiou  than unkind, and  he wa  talking over her  houlder to another aproned helper a   he walked toward Dumbledore. “. . . and take the iodine up tair  to Martha, Billy Stubb  ha  been picking hi   cab  and Eric Whalley’  oozing all over hi   heet  — chicken pox on top of everything el e,”  he  aid to nobody in particular, and then her eye  fell upon Dumbledore and  he  topped dead in her track , looking a  a toni hed a  if a giraffe had ju t cro ed her thre hold. “Good afternoon,”  aid Dumbledore, holding out hi  hand. Mr . Cole  imply gaped. “My name i  Albu  Dumbledore. I  ent you a letter reque ting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today.” Mr . Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that Dumbledore wa  not a hallucination,  he  aid feebly, “Oh ye . Well — well then — you’d better come into my room. Ye .” She led Dumbledore into a  mall room that  eemed part  itting room, part office. It wa  a   habby a  the hallway and the furniture wa  old and mi matched. She invited Dumbledore to  it on a rickety chair and  eated her elf behind a cluttered de k, eyeing him nervou ly. “I am here, a  I told you in my letter, to di cu  Tom Riddle and arrangement  for hi  future,”  aid Dumbledore. “Are you family?” a ked Mr . Cole. “No, I am a teacher,”  aid Dumbledore. “I have come to offer Tom a place at my  chool.” “What  chool’  thi , then?” “It i  called Hogwart ,”  aid Dumbledore. “And how come you’re intere ted in Tom?” “We believe he ha  qualitie  we are looking for.” “You mean he’  won a  cholar hip? How can he have done? He’  never been entered for one.” “Well, hi  name ha  been down for our  chool  ince birth —” “Who regi tered him? Hi  parent ?” There wa  no doubt that Mr . Cole wa  an inconveniently  harp woman. Apparently Dumbledore thought  o too, for Harry now  aw him  lip hi  wand out of the pocket of hi  velvet  uit, at the  ame time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mr . Cole’  de ktop. “Here,”  aid Dumbledore, waving hi  wand once a  he pa ed her the piece of paper, “I think thi  will make everything clear.” Mr . Cole’  eye   lid out of focu  and back again a   he gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment. “That  eem  perfectly in order,”  he  aid placidly, handing it back. Then her eye  fell upon a bottle of gin and two gla e  that had certainly not been pre ent a few  econd  before. “Er — may I offer you a gla  of gin?”  he  aid in an extrarefined voice. “Thank you very much,”  aid Dumbledore, beaming. It  oon became clear that Mr . Cole wa  no novice when it came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a generou  mea ure,  he drained her own gla  in one gulp. Smacking her lip  frankly,  he  miled at Dumbledore for the fir t time, and he didn’t he itate to pre  hi  advantage. “I wa  wondering whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle’  hi tory? I think he wa  born here in the orphanage?” “That’  right,”  aid Mr . Cole, helping her elf to more gin. “I remember it clear a  anything, becau e I’d ju t  tarted here my elf. New Year’  Eve and bitter cold,  nowing, you know. Na ty night. And thi  girl, not much older than I wa  my elf at the time, came  taggering up the front  tep . Well,  he wa n’t the fir t. We took her in, and  he had the baby within the hour. And  he wa  dead in another hour.” Mr . Cole nodded impre ively and took another generou  gulp of gin. “Did  he  ay anything before  he died?” a ked Dumbledore. “Anything about the boy’  father, for in tance?” “Now, a  it happen ,  he did,”  aid Mr . Cole, who  eemed to be rather enjoying her elf now, with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for her  tory. “I remember  he  aid to me, ‘I hope he look  like hi  papa,’ and I won’t lie,  he wa  right to hope it, becau e  he wa  no beauty — and then  he told me he wa  to be named Tom, for hi  father, and Marvolo, for her father — ye , I know, funny name, i n’t it? We wondered whether  he came from a circu  — and  he  aid the boy’   urname wa  to be Riddle. And  he died  oon after that without another word. “Well, we named him ju t a   he’d  aid, it  eemed  o important to the poor girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor any family at all,  o he  tayed in the orphanage and he’  been here ever  ince.” Mr . Cole helped her elf, almo t ab entmindedly, to another healthy mea ure of gin. Two pink  pot  had appeared high on her cheekbone . Then  he  aid, “He’  a funny boy.” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “I thought he might be.” “He wa  a funny baby too. He hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when he got a little older, he wa . . . odd.” “Odd in what way?” a ked Dumbledore gently. “Well, he —” But Mr . Cole pulled up  hort, and there wa  nothing blurry or vague about the inqui itorial glance  he  hot Dumbledore over her gin gla . “He’  definitely got a place at your  chool, you  ay?” “Definitely,”  aid Dumbledore. “And nothing I  ay can change that?” “Nothing,”  aid Dumbledore. “You’ll be taking him away, whatever?” “Whatever,” repeated Dumbledore gravely. She  quinted at him a  though deciding whether or not to tru t him. Apparently  he decided  he could, becau e  he  aid in a  udden ru h, “He  care  the other children.” “You mean he i  a bully?” a ked Dumbledore. “I think he mu t be,”  aid Mr . Cole, frowning  lightly, “but it’  very hard to catch him at it. There have been incident . . . . Na ty thing  …” Dumbledore did not pre  her, though Harry could tell that he wa  intere ted. She took yet another gulp of gin and her ro y cheek  grew ro ier  till. “Billy Stubb ’  rabbit. . . well, Tom  aid he didn’t do it and I don’t  ee how he could have done, but even  o, it didn’t hang it elf from the rafter , did it?” “I  houldn’t think  o, no,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “But I’m jiggered if I know how he got up there to do it. All I know i  he and Billy had argued the day before. And then” — Mr . Cole took another  wig of gin,  lopping a little over her chin thi  time — “on the  ummer outing — we take them out, you know, once a year, to the country ide or to the  ea ide — well, Amy Ben on and Denni  Bi hop were never quite right afterward , and all we ever got out of them wa  that they’d gone into a cave with Tom Riddle. He  wore they’d ju t gone exploring, but  omething happened in there, I’m  ure of it. And, well, there have been a lot of thing , funny thing . . . .” She looked around at Dumbledore again, and though her cheek  were flu hed, her gaze wa   teady. “I don’t think many people will be  orry to  ee the back of him.” “You under tand, I’m  ure, that we will not be keeping him permanently?”  aid Dumbledore. “He will have to return here, at the very lea t, every  ummer.” “Oh, well, that’  better than a whack on the no e with a ru ty poker,”  aid Mr . Cole with a  light hiccup. She got to her feet, and Harry wa  impre ed to  ee that  he wa  quite  teady, even though twothird  of the gin wa  now gone. “I  uppo e you’d like to  ee him?” “Very much,”  aid Dumbledore, ri ing too. She led him out of her office and up the  tone  tair , calling out in truction  and admonition  to helper  and children a   he pa ed. The orphan , Harry  aw, were all wearing the  ame kind of grayi h tunic. They looked rea onably wellcared for, but there wa  no denying that thi  wa  a grim place in which to grow up. “Here we are,”  aid Mr . Cole, a  they turned off the  econd landing and  topped out ide the fir t door in a long corridor. She knocked twice and entered. “Tom? You’ve got a vi itor. Thi  i  Mr. Dumberton —  orry, Dunderbore. He’  come to tell you — well, I’ll let him do it.” Harry and the two Dumbledore  entered the room, and Mr . Cole clo ed the door on them. It wa  a  mall bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe and an iron bed tead. A boy wa   itting on top of the gray blanket , hi  leg   tretched out in front of him, holding a book. There wa  no trace of the Gaunt  in Tom Riddle’  face. Merope had got her dying wi h: He wa  hi  hand ome father in miniature, tall for eleven year  old, darkhaired, and pale. Hi  eye  narrowed  lightly a  he took in Dumbledore’  eccentric appearance. There wa  a moment’   ilence. “How do you do, Tom?”  aid Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out hi  hand. The boy he itated, then took it, and they  hook hand . Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair be ide Riddle,  o that the pair of them looked rather like a ho pital patient and vi itor. “I am Profe or Dumbledore.” “‘Profe or’?” repeated Riddle. He looked wary. “I  that like ‘doctor’? What are you here for? Did  he get you in to have a look at me?” He wa  pointing at the door through which Mr . Cole had ju t left. “No, no,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “I don’t believe you,”  aid Riddle. “She want  me looked at, doe n’t  he? Tell the truth!” He  poke the la t three word  with a ringing force that wa  almo t  hocking. It wa  a command, and it  ounded a  though he had given it many time  before. Hi  eye  had widened and he wa  glaring at Dumbledore, who made no re pon e except to continue  miling plea antly. After a few  econd  Riddle  topped glaring, though he looked, if anything, warier  till. “Who are you?” “I have told you. My name i  Profe or Dumbledore and I work at a  chool called Hogwart . I have come to offer you a place at my  chool — your new  chool, if you would like to come.” Riddle’  reaction to thi  wa  mo t  urpri ing. He leapt from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, looking furiou . “You can’t kid me! The a ylum, that’  where you’re from, i n’t it? ‘Profe or,’ ye , of cour e — well, I’m not going,  ee? That old cat’  the one who  hould be in the a ylum. I never did anything to little Amy Ben on or Denni  Bi hop, and you can a k them, they’ll tell you! “I am not from the a ylum,”  aid Dumbledore patiently. “I am a teacher and, if you will  it down calmly, I  hall tell you about Hogwart . Of cour e, if you would rather not come to the  chool, nobody will force you —” “I’d like to  ee them try,”  neered Riddle. “Hogwart ,” Dumbledore went on, a  though he had not heard Riddle’  la t word , “i  a  chool for people with  pecial abilitie  —” “I’m not mad!” “I know that you are not mad. Hogwart  i  not a  chool for mad people. It i  a  chool of magic.” There wa   ilence. Riddle had frozen, hi  face expre ionle , but hi  eye  were flickering back and forth between each of Dumbledore’ , a  though trying to catch one of them lying. “Magic?” he repeated in a whi per. “That’  right,”  aid Dumbledore. “It’ . . . it’  magic, what I can do?” “What i  it that you can do?” “All  ort ,” breathed Riddle. A flu h of excitement wa  ri ing up hi  neck into hi  hollow cheek ; he looked fevered. “I can make filing  move without touching them. I can make animal  do what I want them to do, without training them. I can make bad thing  happen to people who annoy me. I can make them hurt if I want to.” Hi  leg  were trembling. He  tumbled forward and  at down on the bed again,  taring at hi  hand , hi  head bowed a  though in prayer. “I knew I wa  different,” he whi pered to hi  own quivering finger . “I knew I wa   pecial. Alway , I knew there wa   omething.” “Well, you were quite right,”  aid Dumbledore, who wa  no longer  miling, but watching Riddle intently. “You are a wizard.” Riddle lifted hi  head. Hi  face wa  tran figured: There wa  a wild happine  upon it, yet for  ome rea on it did not make him better looking; on the contrary, hi  finely carved feature   eemed  omehow rougher, hi  expre ion almo t be tial. “Are you a wizard too?” “Ye , I am.” “Prove it,”  aid Riddle at once, in the  ame commanding tone he had u ed when he had  aid, “Tell the truth.” Dumbledore rai ed hi  eyebrow . “If, a  I take it, you are accepting your place at Hogwart —” “Of cour e I am!” “Then you will addre  me a  ‘Profe or’ or ’ ir.’” Riddle’  expre ion hardened for the mo t fleeting moment before he  aid, in an unrecognizably polite voice, “I’m  orry,  ir. I meant — plea e, Profe or, could you  how me — ?” Harry wa   ure that Dumbledore wa  going to refu e, that he would tell Riddle there would be plenty of time for practical demon tration  at Hogwart , that they were currently in a building full of Muggle  and mu t therefore be cautiou . To hi  great  urpri e, however, Dumbledore drew hi  wand from an in ide pocket of hi   uit jacket, pointed it at the  habby wardrobe in the corner, and gave the wand a ca ual flick. The wardrobe bur t into flame . Riddle jumped to hi  feet; Harry could hardly blame him for howling in  hock and rage; all hi  worldly po e ion  mu t be in there. But even a  Riddle rounded on Dumbledore, the flame  vani hed, leaving the wardrobe completely undamaged. Riddle  tared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then, hi  expre ion greedy, he pointed at the wand. “Where can I get one of them?” “All in good time,”  aid Dumbledore. “I think there i   omething trying to get out of your wardrobe.” And  ure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from in ide it. For the fir t time, Riddle looked frightened. “Open the door,”  aid Dumbledore. Riddle he itated, then cro ed the room and threw open the wardrobe door. On the topmo t  helf, above a rail of threadbare clothe , a  mall cardboard box wa   haking and rattling a  though there were  everal frantic mice trapped in ide it. “Take it out,”  aid Dumbledore. Riddle took down the quaking box. He looked unnerved. “I  there anything in that box that you ought not to have?” a ked Dumbledore. Riddle threw Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating look. “Ye , I  uppo e  o,  ir,” he  aid finally, in an expre ionle  voice. “Open it,”  aid Dumbledore. Riddle took off the lid and tipped the content  onto hi  bed without looking at them. Harry, who had expected  omething much more exciting,  aw a me  of  mall, everyday object : a yoyo, a  ilver thimble, and a tarni hed mouth organ among them. Once free of the box, they  topped quivering and lay quite  till upon the thin blanket . “You will return them to their owner  with your apologie ,”  aid Dumbledore calmly, putting hi  wand back into hi  jacket. “I  hall know whether it ha  been done. And be warned: Thieving i  not tolerated at Hogwart .” Riddle did not look remotely aba hed; he wa   till  taring coldly and apprai ingly at Dumbledore. At la t he  aid in a colorle  voice, “Ye ,  ir.” “At Hogwart ,” Dumbledore went on, “we teach you not only to u e magic, but to control it. You have — inadvertently, I am  ure — been u ing your power  in a way that i  neither taught nor tolerated at our  chool. You are not the fir t, nor will you be the la t, to allow your magic to run away with you. But you  hould know that Hogwart  can expel  tudent , and the Mini try of Magic — ye , there i  a Mini try — will puni h lawbreaker   till more  everely. All new wizard  mu t accept that, in entering our world, they abide by our law .” “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Riddle again. It wa  impo ible to tell what he wa  thinking; hi  face remained quite blank a  he put the little cache of  tolen object  back into the cardboard box. When he had fini hed, he turned to Dumbledore and  aid baldly, “I haven’t got any money.” “That i  ea ily remedied,”  aid Dumbledore, drawing a leather moneypouch from hi  pocket. “There i  a fund at Hogwart  for tho e who require a i tance to buy book  and robe . You might have to buy  ome of your  pellbook  and  o on  econdhand, but —” “Where do you buy  pellbook ?” interrupted Riddle, who had taken the heavy money bag without thanking Dumbledore, and wa  now examining a fat gold Galleon, “In Diagon Alley,”  aid Dumbledore. “I have your li t of book  and  chool equipment with me. I can help you find everything —” “You’re coming with me?” a ked Riddle, looking up. “Certainly, if you —” “I don’t need you,”  aid Riddle. “I’m u ed to doing thing  for my elf, I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to thi  Diagon Alley —  ir?” he added, catching Dumbledore’  eye. Harry thought that Dumbledore would in i t upon accompanying Riddle, but once again he wa   urpri ed. Dumbledore handed Riddle the envelope containing hi  li t of equipment, and after telling Riddle exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from the orphanage, he  aid, “You will be able to  ee it, although Muggle  around you — nonmagical people, that i  — will not. A k for Tom the barman — ea y enough to remember, a  he  hare  your name —” Riddle gave an irritable twitch, a  though trying to di place an irk ome fly. “You di like the name ‘Tom’?” “There are a lot of Tom ,” muttered Riddle. Then, a  though he could not  uppre  the que tion, a  though it bur t from him in  pite of him elf, he a ked, “Wa  my father a wizard? He wa  called Tom Riddle too, they’ve told me.” “I’m afraid I don’t know,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  voice gentle. “My mother can’t have been magic, or  he wouldn’t have died,”  aid Riddle, more to him elf than Dumbledore. “It mu t’ve been him. So — when I’ve got all my  tuff— when do I come to thi  Hogwart ?” “All the detail  are on the  econd piece of parchment in your envelope,”  aid Dumbledore. “You will leave from King’  Cro  Station on the fir t of September. There i  a train ticket in there too.” Riddle nodded. Dumbledore got to hi  feet and held out hi  hand again. Taking it, Riddle  aid, “I can  peak to  nake . I found out when we’ve been to the country on trip  — they find me, they whi per to me. I  that normal for a wizard?” Harry could tell that he had withheld mention of thi   trange t power until that moment, determined to impre . “It i  unu ual,”  aid Dumbledore, after a moment’  he itation, “but not unheard of.” Hi  tone wa  ca ual but hi  eye  moved curiou ly over Riddle’  face. They  tood for a moment, man and boy,  taring at each other. Then the hand hake wa  broken; Dumbledore wa  at the door. “Goodbye, Tom. I  hall  ee you at Hogwart .” “I think that will do,”  aid the whitehaired Dumbledore at Harry’   ide, and  econd  later, they were  oaring weightle ly through darkne  once more, before landing  quarely in the pre entday office. “Sit down,”  aid Dumbledore, landing be ide Harry. Harry obeyed, hi  mind  till full of what he had ju t  een. “He believed it much quicker than I did — I mean, when you told him he wa  a wizard,”  aid Harry. “I didn’t believe Hagrid at fir t, when he told me.” “Ye , Riddle wa  perfectly ready to believe that he wa  — to u e hi  word — ’ pecial,’”  aid Dumbledore. “Did you know — then?” a ked Harry. “Did I know that I had ju t met the mo t dangerou  Dark wizard of all time?”  aid Dumbledore. “No, I had no idea that he wa  to grow up to be what he i . However, I wa  certainly intrigued by him. I returned to Hogwart  intending to keep an eye upon him,  omething I  hould have done in any ca e, given that he wa  alone and friendle , but which, already, I felt I ought to do for other ’  ake a  much a  hi . “Hi  power , a  you heard, were  urpri ingly welldeveloped for  uch a young wizard and — mo t intere tingly and ominou ly of all — he had already di covered that he had  ome mea ure of control over them, and begun to u e them con ciou ly. And a  you  aw, they were not the random experiment  typical of young wizard : He wa  already u ing magic again t other people, to frighten, to puni h, to control. The little  torie  of the  trangled rabbit and the young boy and girl he lured into a cave were mo t  ugge tive. . . . ‘I can make them hurt if I want to. . . .’” “And he wa  a Par elmouth,” interjected Harry. “Ye , indeed; a rare ability, and one  uppo edly connected with the Dark Art , although a  we know, there are Par elmouth  among the great and the good too. In fact, hi  ability to  peak to  erpent  did not make me nearly a  unea y a  hi  obviou  in tinct  for cruelty,  ecrecy, and domination. “Time i  making fool  of u  again,”  aid Dumbledore, indicating the dark  ky beyond the window . “But before we part, I want to draw your attention to certain feature  of the  cene we have ju t witne ed, for they have a great bearing on the matter  we  hall be di cu ing in future meeting . “Fir tly, I hope you noticed Riddle’  reaction when I mentioned that another  hared hi  fir t name, ‘Tom’?” Harry nodded. “There he  howed hi  contempt for anything that tied him to other people, anything that made him ordinary. Even then, he wi hed to be different,  eparate, notoriou . He  hed hi  name, a  you know, within a few  hort year  of that conver ation and created the ma k of ‘Lord Voldemort’ behind which he ha  been hidden for  o long. “I tru t that you al o noticed that Tom Riddle wa  already highly  elf ufficient,  ecretive, and, apparently, friendle ? He did not want help or companion hip on hi  trip to Diagon Alley. He preferred to operate alone. The adult Voldemort i  the  ame. You will hear many of hi  Death Eater  claiming that they are in hi  confidence, that they alone are clo e to him, even under tand him. They are deluded. Lord Voldemort ha  never had a friend, nor do I believe that he ha  ever wanted one. “And la tly — I hope you are not too  leepy to pay attention to thi , Harry — the young Tom Riddle liked to collect trophie . You  aw the box of  tolen article  he had hidden in hi  room. The e were taken from victim  of hi  bullying behavior,  ouvenir , if you will, of particularly unplea ant bit  of magic. Bear in mind thi  magpielike tendency, for thi , particularly, will be important later. “And now, it really i  time for bed.” Harry got to hi  feet. A  he walked acro  the room, hi  eye  fell I upon the little table on which Marvolo Gaunt’  ring had re ted la t I time, but the ring wa  no longer there. “Ye , Harry?”  aid Dumbledore, for Harry had come to a halt. “The ring’  gone,”  aid Harry, looking around. “But I thought I you might have the mouth organ or  omething.” Dumbledore beamed at him, peering over the top of hi  halfw moon  pectacle . “Very a tute, Harry, but the mouth organ wa  only ever a mouth organ.” And on that enigmatic note he waved to Harry, who under tood him elf to be di mi ed. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 14: Felix Felici  Harry had Herbology fir t thing the following morning. He had been unable to tell Ron and Hermione about hi  le on with Dumbledore over breakfa t for fear of being overheard, but he filled them in a  they walked acro  the vegetable patch toward the greenhou e . The weekend’  brutal wind had died out at la t; the weird mi t had returned and it took them a little longer than u ual to find the correct greenhou e. “Wow,  cary thought, the boy YouKnowWho,”  aid Ron quietly, a  they took their place  around one of the gnarled Snargaluff  tump  that formed thi  term  project, and began pulling on their protective glove . “But I  till don’t get why Dumbledore’   howing you all thi . I mean, it’  really intere ting and everything, but what’  the point?” “Dunno,”  aid Harry, in erting a gum  hield. “But he  ay  it  all important and it’ll help me  urvive.” “I think it’  fa cinating,”  aid Hermione earne tly. “It make  ab olute  en e to know a  much about Voldemort a  po ible. How el e will you find out hi  weakne e ?” “So how wa  Slughorn’  late t party?” Harry a ked her thickly through the gum  hield. “Oh, it wa  quite fun, really,”  aid Hermione, now putting on protective goggle . “I mean, he drone  on about famou  exploit  a bit, and he ab olutely fawn  on McLaggen becau e he’   o well connected, but he gave u   ome really nice food and he introduced u  to Gwenog Jone .” “Gwenog Jone ?”  aid Ron, hi  eye  widening under hi  own goggle . “The Gwenog Jone ? Captain of the Holyhead Harpie ?” “That’  right,”  aid Hermione. “Per onally, I thought  he wa  a bit full of her elf, but —” “Quite enough chat over here!”  aid Profe or Sprout bri kly, bu tling over and looking  tern. “You’re lagging behind, everybody el e ha   tarted, and Neville’  already got hi  fir t pod!” They looked around;  ure enough, there  at Neville with a bloody lip and  everal na ty  cratche  along the  ide of hi  face, but clutching an unplea antly pul ating green object about the  ize of a grapefruit. “Okay, Profe or, we’re  tarting now!”  aid Ron, adding quietly, when  he had turned away again, “ hould ve u ed Muffliato, Harry.” “No, we  houldn’t!”  aid Hermione at once, looking, a   he alway  did, inten ely cro  at the thought of the HalfBlood Prince and hi   pell . “Well, come on … we’d better get going. …” She gave the other two an apprehen ive look; they all took deep breath  and then dived at the gnarled  tump between them. It  prang to life at once; long, prickly, bramblelike vine  flew out of the top and whipped through the air. One tangled it elf in Hermione’  hair, and Ron beat it back with a pair of  ecateur ; Harry  ucceeded in trapping a couple of vine  and knotting them together; a hole opened in the middle of all the tentaclelike branche ; Hermione plunged her arm bravely into thi  hole, which clo ed like a trap around her elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vine , forcing the hole to open again, and Hermione  natched her arm free, clutching in her finger  a pod ju t like Neville’ . At once, the prickly vine   hot back in ide, and the gnarled  tump  at there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood. “You know, I don’t think I’ll be having any of the e in my garden when I’ve got my own place,”  aid Ron, pu hing hi  goggle  up onto hi  forehead and wiping  weat from hi  face. “Pa  me a bowl,”  aid Hermione, holding the pul ating pod at arm’  length; Harry handed one over and  he dropped the pod into it with a look of di gu t on her face. “Don’t be  queami h,  queeze it out, they’re be t when they’re fre h!” called Profe or Sprout. “Anyway,”  aid Hermione, continuing their interrupted conver ation a  though a lump of wood had not ju t attacked them, “Slughorn’  going to have a Chri tma  party, Harry, and there’  no way you’ll be able to wriggle out of thi  one becau e he actually a ked me to check your free evening ,  o he could be  ure to have it on a night you can come.” Harry groaned. Meanwhile, Ron, who wa  attempting to bur t the pod in the bowl by putting both hand  on it,  tanding up, and  qua hing it a  hard a  he could,  aid angrily, “And thi  i  another party ju t for Slughorn’  favorite , i  it?” “Ju t for the Slug Club, ye ,”  aid Hermione. The pod flew out from under Ron’  finger  and hit the green hou e gla , rebounding onto the back of Profe or Sprout’  head and knocking off her old, patched hat. Harry went to retrieve the pod; when he got back, Hermione wa   aying, “Look, I didn’t make up the name ‘Slug Club’ —” “‘Slug Club,’”repeated Ron with a  neer worthy of Malfoy. “It’  pathetic. Well, I hope you enjoy your party. Why don’t you try hooking up with McLaggen, then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug —” “We’re allowed to bring gue t ,”  aid Hermione, who for  ome rea on had turned a bright, boiling  carlet, “and I wa  going to a k you to come, but if you think it’  that  tupid then I won’t bother!” Harry  uddenly wi hed the pod had flown a little farther,  o that he need not have been  itting here with the pair of them. Unnoticed by either, he  eized the bowl that contained the pod and began to try and open it by the noi ie t and mo t energetic mean  he could think of; unfortunately, he could  till hear every word of their conver ation. “You were going to a k me?” a ked Ron, in a completely different voice. “Ye ,”  aid Hermione angrily. “But obviou ly if you’d rather 1 hooked up with McLaggen …” There wa  a pau e while Harry continued to pound the re ilient pod with a trowel. “No, I wouldn’t,”  aid Ron, in a very quiet voice. Harry mi ed the pod, hit the bowl, and  hattered it. ‘”Reparo,”‘ he  aid ha tily, poking the piece  with hi  wand, and the bowl  prang back together again. The cra h, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and Hermione to Harry’  pre ence. Hermione looked flu tered and immediately  tarted fu ing about for her copy of “Fle hEating Tree  of the World” to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pod ; Ron, on the other hand, looked  heepi h but al o rather plea ed with him elf. “Hand that over, Harry,”  aid Hermione hurriedly. “It  ay  we’re  uppo ed to puncture them with  omething  harp. . . .” Harry pa ed her the pod in the bowl; he and Ron both  napped their goggle  back over their eye  and dived, once more, for the  tump. It wa  not a  though he wa  really  urpri ed, thought Harry, a  he wre tled with a thorny vine intent upon throttling him; he had had an inkling that thi  might happen  ooner or later. But he wa  not  ure how he felt about it. … He and Cho were now too embarra ed to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if Ron and Hermione  tarted going out together, then  plit up? Could their friend hip  urvive it? Harry remembered the few week  when they had not been talking to each other in the third year; he had not enjoyed trying to bridge the di tance between them. And then, what if they didn’t  plit up? What if they became like Bill and Fleur, and it became excruciatingly embarra ing to be in their pre ence,  o that he wa   hut out for good? “Gotcha!” yelled Ron, pulling a  econd pod from the  tump ju t a  Hermione managed to bur t the fir t one open,  o that the bowl wa  full of tuber  wriggling like pale green worm . The re t of the le on pa ed without further mention of Slughorn’  party. Although Harry watched hi  two friend  more clo ely over the next few day , Ron and Hermione did not  eem any different except that they were a little politer to each other than u ual. Harry  uppo ed he would ju t have to wait to  ee what happened under the influence of butterbeer in Slughorn’  dimly lit room on the night of the party. In the meantime, however, he had more pre ing worrie . Katie Bell wa   till in St. Mungo’  Ho pital with no pro pect of leaving, which meant that the promi ing Gryffindor team Harry had been training  o carefully  ince September wa  one Cha er  hort. He kept putting off replacing Katie in the hope that  he would return, but their opening match again t Slytherin wa  looming, and he finally had to accept that  he would not be back in time to play. Harry did not think he could  tand another fullHou e tryout. With a  inking feeling that had little to do with Quidditch, he cornered Dean Thoma  after Tran figuration one day. Mo t of the cla  had already left, although  everal twittering yellow bird  were  till zooming around the room, all of Hermione’  creation; nobody el e had  ucceeded in conjuring  o much a  a feather from thin air. “Are you  till intere ted in playing Cha er?” “Wha — ? Yeah, of cour e!”  aid Dean excitedly. Over Dean’   houlder, Harry  aw Seamu  Finnegan  lamming hi  book  into hi  bag, looking  our. One of the rea on  why Harry would have preferred not to have to a k Dean to play wa  that he knew Seamu  would not like it. On the other hand, he had to do what wa  be t for the team, and Dean had outflown Seamu  at the tryout . “Well then, you’re in,”  aid Harry. “There’  a practice tonight,  even o’clock.” “Right,”  aid Dean. “Cheer , Harry! Blimey, I can’t wait to tell Ginny!” He  printed out of the room, leaving Harry and Seamu  alone together, an uncomfortable moment made no ea ier when a bird dropping landed on Seamu ’  head a  one of Hermione’  canarie  whizzed over them. Seamu  wa  not the only per on di gruntled by the choice of Katie’   ub titute. There wa  much muttering in the common room about the fact that Harry had now cho en two of hi  cla mate  for the team. A  Harry had endured much wor e muttering  than thi  in hi   chool career, he wa  not particularly bothered, but all the  ame, the pre ure wa  increa ing to provide a win in the upcoming match again t Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, Harry knew that the whole Hou e would forget that they had criticized him and  wear that they had alway  known it wa  a great team. If they lo t. . . well, Harry thought wryly, he had  till endured wor e muttering . . . . Harry had no rea on to regret hi  choice once he  aw Dean fly that evening; he worked well with Ginny and Demelza. The Beater , Peake  and Coote, were getting better all the time. The only problem wa  Ron. Harry had known all along that Ron wa  an incon i tent player who  uffered from nerve  and a lack of confidence, and unfortunately, the looming pro pect of the opening game of the  ea on  eemed to have brought out all hi  old in ecuritie . After letting in half a dozen goal , mo t of them  cored by Ginny, hi  technique became wilder and wilder, until he finally punched an oncoming Demelza Robin  in the mouth. “It wa  an accident, I’m  orry, Demelza, really  orry!” Ron  houted after her a   he zigzagged back to the ground, dripping blood everywhere. “I ju t —” “Panicked,” Ginny  aid angrily, landing next to Demelza and examining her fat lip. “You prat, Ron, look at the  tate of her!” “I can fix that,”  aid Harry, landing be ide the two girl , pointing hi  wand at Demelza  mouth, and  aying “Epi key.” “And Ginny, don’t call Ron a prat, you’re not the Captain of thi  team —” “Well, you  eemed too bu y to call him a prat and I thought  omeone  hould —” Harry forced him elf not to laugh. “In the air, everyone, let’  go. . . .” Overall it wa  one of the wor t practice  they had had all term, though Harry did not feel that hone ty wa  the be t policy when they were thi  clo e to the match. “Good work, everyone, I think we’ll flatten Slytherin,” he  aid bracingly, and the Cha er  and Beater  left the changing room looking rea onably happy with them elve . “I played like a  ack of dragon dung,”  aid Ron in a hollow voice when the door had  wung  hut behind Ginny. “No, you didn’t,”  aid Harry firmly. “You’re the be t Keeper I tried out, Ron. Your only problem i  nerve .” He kept up a relentle  flow of encouragement all the way back to the ca tle, and by the time they reached the  econd floor, Ron wa  looking marginally more cheerful. When Harry pu hed open the tape try to take their u ual  hortcut up to Gryffindor Tower, however, they found them elve  looking at Dean and Ginny, who were locked in a clo e embrace and ki ing fiercely a  though glued together. It wa  a  though  omething large and  caly erupted into life in Harry’   tomach, clawing at hi  in ide : Hot blood  eemed to flood hi  brain,  o that all thought wa  extingui hed, replaced by a  avage urge to jinx Dean into a jelly. Wre tling with thi   udden madne , he heard Ron’  voice a  though from a great di tance away. “Oi!” Dean and Ginny broke apart and looked around. “What?”  aid Ginny. “I don’t want to find my own  i ter  nogging people in public!” “Thi  wa  a de erted corridor till you came butting in!”  aid Ginny. Dean wa  looking embarra ed. He gave Harry a  hifty grin that Harry did not return, a  the newborn mon ter in ide him wa  roaring for Dean’  in tant di mi al from the team. “Er . . . c’mon, Ginny,”  aid Dean, “let’  go back to the common room. …” “You go!”  aid Ginny. “I want a word with my dear brother!” Dean left, looking a  though he wa  not  orry to depart the  cene. “Right,”  aid Ginny, to ing her long red hair out of her face and glaring at Ron, “let’  get thi   traight once and for all. It i  none of your bu ine  who I go out with or what I do with them, Ron —” “Yeah, it i !”  aid Ron, ju t a  angrily. “D’ you think I want people  aying my  i ter’  a —” “A what?”  houted Ginny, drawing her wand. “A what, exactly?” “He doe n’t mean anything, Ginny —”  aid Harry automatically, though the mon ter wa  roaring it  approval of Ron’  word . “Oh ye  he doe !”  he  aid, flaring up at Harry. “Ju t becau e he’  never  nogged anyone in hi  life, ju t becau e the be t ki  he’  ever had i  from our Auntie Muriel —” “Shut your mouth!” bellowed Ron, bypa ing red and turning maroon. “No, I will not!” yelled Ginny, be ide her elf. “I’ve  een you with Phlegm, hoping  he’ll ki  you on the cheek every time you  ee her, it’  pathetic! If you went out and got a bit of  nogging done your  elf, you wouldn’t mind  o much that everyone el e doe  it!” Ron had pulled out hi  wand too; Harry  tepped  wiftly between them. “You don’t know what you’re talking about!” Ron roared, trying to get a clear  hot at Ginny around Harry, who wa  now  tanding in front of her with hi  arm  out tretched. “Ju t becau e I don’t do it in public — !” Ginny  creamed with deri ive laughter, trying to pu h Harry out of the way. “Been ki ing Pigwidgeon, have you? Or have you got a picture of Auntie Muriel  ta hed under your pillow?” You — A  treak of orange light flew under Harry  left arm and mi ed Ginny by inche ; Harry pu hed Ron up again t the wall. “Don’t be  tupid —” “Harry’   nogged Cho Chang!”  houted Ginny, who  ounded clo e to tear  now. “And Hermione  nogged Viktor Krum, it’  only you who act  like it’   omething di gu ting, Ron, and that’  becau e you’ve got about a  much experience a  a twelveyearold!” And with that,  he  tormed away. Harry quickly let go of Ron; the look on hi  face wa  murderou . They both  tood there, breathing heavily, until Mr . Norri , Rich’  cat, appeared around the corner, which broke the ten ion. “C’mon,”  aid Harry, a  the  ound of Filch’   huffling feet reached their ear . They hurried up the  tair  and along a  eventhfloor corridor. “Oi, out of the way!” Ron barked at a  mall girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of toad pawn. Harry hardly noticed the  ound of  hattering gla ; he felt di oriented, dizzy; being  truck by a lightning bolt mu t be  omething like thi . It’  ju t becau e  he’  Ron’   i ter, he told him elf. You ju t didn’t like  eeing her ki ing Dean becau e  he’  Ron’   i ter. . . . But unbidden into hi  mind came an image of that  ame de erted corridor with him elf ki ing Ginny in tead. . . . The mon ter in hi  che t purred . . . but then he  aw Ron ripping open the tape try curtain and drawing hi  wand on Harry,  houting thing  like “betrayal of tru t” . . . “ uppo ed to be my friend” . . . “D’you think Hermione did  nog Krum?” Ron a ked abruptly, a  they approached the Fat Lady. Harry gave a guilty  tart and wrenched hi  imagination away from a corridor in which no Ron intruded, in which he and Ginny were quite alone — “What?” he  aid confu edly. “Oh … er …” The hone t an wer wa  “ye ,” but he did not want to give it. However, Ron  eemed to gather the wor t from the look on Harry’  face. “Dilligrout,” he  aid darkly to the Fat Lady, and they climbed through the portrait hole into the common room. Neither of them mentioned Ginny or Hermione again; indeed, they barely  poke to each other that evening and got into bed in  ilence, each ab orbed in hi  own thought , Harry lay awake for a long time, looking up at the canopy of hi  fourpo ter and trying to convince him elf that hi  feeling  for Ginny were entirely elderbrotherly. They had lived, had they not, like brother and  i ter all  ummer, playing Quidditch, tea ing Ron, and having a laugh about Bill and Phlegm? He had known Ginny for year  now. … It wa  natural that he  hould feel protective . . . natural that he  hould want to look out for her . . . want to rip Dean limb from limb for ki ing her… No … he would have to control that particular brotherly feeling. . . . Ron gave a great grunting  nore. She’  Ron’   i ter, Harry told him elf firmly. Ron’   i ter. She’  outofbound . He would not ri k hi  friend hip with Ron for anything. He punched hi  pillow into a more comfortable  hape and waited for  leep to come, trying hi  utmo t not to allow hi  thought  to  tray anywhere near Ginny. Harry awoke next morning feeling  lightly dazed and confu ed by a  erie  of dream  in which Ron had cha ed him with a Beater’  bat, but by midday he would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the real one, who wa  not only cold houldering Ginny and Dean, but al o treating a hurt and bewildered Hermione with an icy,  neering indifference. What wa  more, Ron  eemed to have become, overnight, a  touchy and ready to la h out a  the average Bla tEnded Skrewt. Harry  pent the day attempting to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no  ucce ; finally, Hermione departed for bed in high dudgeon, and Ron  talked off to the boy ’ dormitory after  wearing angrily at  everal frightened fir t year  for looking at him. To Harry’  di may, Ron’  new aggre ion did not wear off over the next few day . Wor e  till, it coincided with an even deeper dip in hi  Keeping  kill , which made him  till more aggre ive,  o that during the final Quidditch practice before Saturday  match, he failed to  ave every  ingle goal the Cha er  aimed at him, but bellowed at everybody  o much that he reduced Demelza Robin  to tear . “You  hut up and leave her alone!”  houted Peake , who wa  about twothird  Ron’  height, though admittedly carrying a heavy bat. “ENOUGH!” bellowed Harry, who had  een Ginny glowering in Ron’  direction and, remembering her reputation a  an accompli hed ca ter of the BatBogey Hex,  oared over to intervene before thing  got out of hand. “Peake , go and pack up the Bludger . Demelza, pull your elf together, you played really well today, Ron . . .” he waited until the re t of the team were out of ear hot before  aying it, “you’re my be t mate, but carry on treating the re t of them like thi  and I’m going to kick you off the team.” He really thought for a moment that Ron might hit him, but then  omething much wor e happened: Ron  eemed to  ag on hi  broom. all the fight went out of him and he  aid, “I re ign. I’m pathetic.” “You’re not pathetic and you’re not re igning!”  aid Harry fiercely,  eizing Ron by the front of hi  robe . “You can  ave anything when you’re on form, it’  a mental problem you’ve got!” “You calling me mental?” “Yeah, maybe I am!” They glared at each other for a moment, then Ron  hook hi  head wearily. “I know you haven’t got any time to find another Keeper,  o I’ll play tomorrow, but if we lo e, and we will, I’m taking my elf off the team.” Nothing Harry  aid made any difference. He tried boo ting Ron’  confidence all through dinner, but Ron wa  too bu y being grumpy and  urly with Hermione to notice. Harry per i ted in the common room that evening, but hi  a ertion that the whole team would be deva tated if Ron left wa   omewhat undermined by the fact that the re t of the team wa   itting in a huddle in a di tant corner, clearly muttering about Ron and ca ting him na ty look . Finally Harry tried getting angry again in the hope of provoking Ron into a defiant, and hopefully goal aving, attitude, but thi   trategy did not appear to work any better than encouragement; Ron went to bed a  dejected and hopele  a  ever. Harry lay awake for a very long time in the darkne . He did not want to lo e the upcoming match; not only wa  it hi  fir t a  Captain, but he wa  determined to beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if he could not yet prove hi   u picion  about him. Yet if Ron played a  he had done in the la t few practice , their chance  of winning were very  lim. . . . If only there wa   omething he could do to make Ron pull him elf together . . . make him play at the top of hi  form . . .  omething that would en ure that Ron had a really good day. . . . And the an wer came to Harry in one,  udden, gloriou   troke of in piration. Breakfa t wa  the u ual excitable affair next morning; the Slytherin  hi ed and booed loudly a  every member of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall. Harry glanced at the ceiling and  aw a clear, pale blue  ky: a good omen. The Gryffindor table, a  olid ma  of red and gold, cheered a  Harry and Ron approached. Harry grinned and waved; Ron grimaced weakly and  hook hi  head. “Cheer up, Ron!” called Lavender. “I know you’ll be brilliant!” : Ron ignored her. “Tea?” Harry a ked him. “Coffee? Pumpkin juice?” “Anything,”  aid Ron glumly, taking a moody bite of toa t. A few minute  later Hermione, who had become  o tired of Ron’  recent unplea ant behavior that  he had not come down to breakfa t with them, pau ed on her way up the table. “How are you both feeling?”  he a ked tentatively, her eye  on the back of Ron’  head. “Fine,”  aid Harry, who wa  concentrating on handing Ron a gla  of pumpkin juice. “There you go, Ron. Drink up.” Ron had ju t rai ed the gla  to hi  lip  when Hermione  poke  harply. “Don’t drink that, Ron!” Both Harry and Ron looked up at her. “Why not?”  aid Ron. Hermione wa  now  taring at Harry a  though  he could not believe her eye . “You ju t put  omething in that drink.” “Excu e me?”  aid Harry. “You heard me. I  aw you. You ju t tipped  omething into Ron’  drink. You’ve got the bottle in your hand right now!” “I dont know what you’re talking about,”  aid Harry,  towing the little bottle ha tily in hi  pocket. “Ron, I warn you, don’t drink it!” Hermione  aid again, alarmed, but Ron picked up the gla , drained it in one gulp, and  aid, “Stop bo ing me around, Hermione.” She looked  candalized. Bending low  o that only Harry could hear her,  he hi ed, “You  hould be expelled for that. I’d never have believed it of you, Harry!” “Look who’  talking,” he whi pered back. “Confunded anyone lately?” She  tormed up the table away from them. Harry watched her go without regret. Hermione had never really under tood what a  eriou  bu ine  Quidditch wa . He then looked around at Ron, who wa   macking hi  lip . “Nearly time/’  aid Harry blithely. The fro ty gra  crunched underfoot a  they  trode down to the  tadium. “Pretty lucky the weather  thi  good, eh?” Harry a ked Ron. “Yeah,”  aid Ron, who wa  pale and  icklooking. Ginny and Demelza were already wearing their Quidditch robe  and waiting in the changing room. “Condition  look ideal,”  aid Ginny, ignoring Ron. “And gue  what? That Slytherin Cha er Vai ey — he took a Bludger in the head ye terday during their practice, and he’  too  ore to play! And even better than that — Malfoy’  gone off  ick too!” “What?”  aid Harry, wheeling around to  tare at her. “He’  ill? What’  wrong with him?” “No idea, but it’  great for u ,”  aid Ginny brightly. “They’re playing Harper in tead; he’  in my year and he’  an idiot.” Harry  miled back vaguely, but a  he pulled on hi   carlet robe  hi  mind wa  far from Quidditch. Malfoy had once before claimed he could not play due to injury, but on that occa ion he had made  ure the whole match wa  re cheduled for a time that  uited the Slytherin  better. Why wa  he now happy to let a  ub titute go on? Wa  he really ill, or wa  he faking? “Fi hy, i n’t it?” he  aid in an undertone to Ron. “Malfoy not playing?” “Lucky, I call it,”  aid Ron, looking  lightly more animated. “And Vai ey off too, he’  their be t goal  corer, I didn’t fancy — hey!” he  aid  uddenly, freezing halfway through pulling on hi  Keeper  glove  and  taring at Harry. “What?” “I… you . . .” Ron had dropped hi  voice, he looked both  cared and excited. “My drink … my pumpkin juice … you didn’t…?” Harry rai ed hi  eyebrow , but  aid nothing except, “We’ll be  tarting in about five minute , you’d better get your boot  on.” They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuou  roar  and boo . One end of the  tadium wa   olid red and gold; the other, a  ea of green and  ilver. Many Hufflepuff  and Ravenclaw  had taken  ide  too: Amid t all the yelling and clapping Harry could di tinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegood’  famou  liontopped hat. Harry  tepped up to Madam Hooch, the referee, who wa   tanding ready to relea e the ball  from the crate. “Captain   hake hand ,”  he  aid, and Harry had hi  hand cru hed by the new Slytherin Captain, Urquhart. “Mount your broom . On the whi tle . . . three . . . two . . . one . . .” The whi tle  ounded, Harry and the other  kicked off hard from the frozen ground, and they were away. Harry  oared around the perimeter of the ground , looking around for the Snitch and keeping one eye on Harper, who wa  zigzagging far below him. Then a voice that wa  jarringly different to the u ual commentator’   tarted up. “Well, there they go, and I think we’re all  urpri ed to  ee the team that Potter’  put together thi  year. Many thought, given Ronald Wea ley’  patchy performance a  Keeper la t year, that he might be off the team, but of cour e, a clo e per onal friend hip with the Captain doe  help. . . .” The e word  were greeted with jeer  and applau e from the Slytherin end of the pitch. Harry craned around on hi  broom to look toward the commentator’  podium. A call,  kinny blond buy with an upturned no e wa   tanding there, talking into the magical megaphone that had once been Lee Jordan’ ; Harry recognized Zacharia  Smith, a Hufflepuff player whom he heartily di liked. “Oh, and here come  Slytherin’  fir t attempt on goal, it’  Urquhart  treaking down the pitch and —” Harry   tomach turned over. “— Wea ley  ave  it, well, he’  bound to get lucky  ometime , I  uppo e. . . .” “That’  right, Smith, he i ,” muttered Harry, grinning to him elf, a  he dived among t the Cha er  with hi  eye   earching all around for  ome hint of the elu ive Snitch. With half an hour of the game gone, Gryffindor were leading  ixty point  to zero, Ron having made  ome truly  pectacular  ave ,  ome by the very tip  of hi  glove , and Ginny having  cored four of Gryffindor’   ix goal . Thi  effectively  topped Zacharia  wondering loudly whether the two Wea ley  were only there becau e Harry liked them, and he  tarted on Peake  and Coote in tead. “Of cour e, Coote i n’t really the u ual build for a Beater,”  aid Zacharia  loftily, “they’ve generally got a bit more mu cle —” “Hit a Bludger at him!” Harry called to Coote a  he zoomed pa t, but Coote, grinning broadly, cho e to aim the next Bludger at Harper in tead, who wa  ju t pa ing Harry in the oppo ite direction. Harry wa  plea ed to hear the dull thunk that meant the Bludger had found it  mark. It  eemed a  though Gryffindor could do no wrong. Again and again they  cored, and again and again, at the other end of the pitch, Ron  aved goal  with apparent ea e. He wa  actually  miling now, and when the crowd greeted a particularly good  ave with a rou ing choru  of the old favorite “Wea ley I  Our King,” he pretended to conduct them from on high. “Think  he’   omething  pecial today, doe n’t he?”  aid a  nide voice, and Harry wa  nearly knocked off hi  broom a  Harper collided with him hard and deliberately. “Your bloodtraitor pal…” Madam Hooch’  back wa  turned, and though Gryffindor  below  houted in anger, by the time  he looked around, Harper had already  ped off. Hi   houlder aching, Harry raced after him, determined to ram him back. … “And I think Harper of Slytherin’   een the Snitch!”  aid Zacharia  Smith through hi  megaphone. “Ye , he’  certainly  een  omething Potter ha n’t!” Smith really wa  an idiot, thought Harry, hadn’t he noticed them collide? But next moment, hi   tomach  eemed to drop out of the ,  ky — Smith wa  right and Harry wa  wrong: Harper had not  ped upward at random; he had  potted what Harry had not: The Snitch wa   peeding along high above them, glinting brightly again t the clear blue  ky. Harry accelerated; the wind wa  whi tling in hi  ear   o that it drowned all  ound of Smith’  commentary or the crowd, but Harper wa   till ahead of him, and Gryffindor wa  only a hundred point  up; if Harper got there fir t Gryffindor had lo t. . . and now Harper wa  feet from it, hi  hand out tretched. … “Oi, Harper!” yelled Harry in de peration. “How much did Malfoy pay you to come on in tead of him?” He did not know what made him  ay it, but Harper did a doubletake; he fumbled the Snitch, let it  lip through hi  finger , and  hot right pa t it. Harry made a great  wipe for the tiny, fluttering ball and caught it. “YES!” Hairy yelled. Wheeling around, he hurtled back toward the ground, the Snitch held high in hi  hand. A  the crowd realized what had happened, a great  hout went up that almo t drowned the  ound of the whi tle that  ignaled the end of the game. “Ginny, where’re you going?” yelled Harry, who had found hint  elf trapped in the mid t of a ma  midair hug with the re t of tin1 team, but Ginny  ped right on pa t them until, with an almighty cra h,  he collided with the commentator  podium. A  the crowd  hrieked and laughed, the Gryffindor team landed be ide the wreckage of wood under which Zacharia  wa  feebly  tirring,: Harry heard Ginny  aying blithely to an irate Profe or McGonagall, “Forgot to brake, Profe or,  orry.” Laughing, Harry broke free of the re t of the team and hugged Ginny, but let go very quickly. Avoiding her gaze, he clapped cheering Ron on the back in tead a , all enmity forgotten, the Gryffindor team left the pitch arm in arm, punching the air ami waving to their  upporter . The atmo phere in the changing room wa  jubilant. “Party up in the common room, Seamu   aid!” yelled Dean exuberantly. “C’mon, Ginny, Demelza!” Ron and Harry were the la t two in the changing room. They were ju t about to leave when Hermione entered. She wa  twi ting her Gryffindor  carf in her hand  and looked up et but determined. “I want a word with you, Harry.” She took a deep breath. “Yon  houldn’t have done it. You heard Slughorn, it  illegal.” “What are you going to do, turn u  in?” demanded Ron. “What are you two talking about?” a ked Harry, turning away to hang up hi  robe   o that neither of them would  ee him grinning, “You know perfectly well what we’re talking about!”  aid Hermione  hrilly. “You  piked Ron  juice with lucky potion at breakfa t! I’elix Felici !” “No, I didn’t,”  aid Harry, turning back to face them both. “Ye  you did, Harry, and that’  why everything went right, there were Slytherin player  mi ing and Ron  aved everything!” “I didn’t put it in!”  aid Harry, grinning broadly. He  lipped hi  hand in ide hi  jacket pocket and drew out the tiny bottle that Hermione had  een in hi  hand that morning. It wa  full of golden potion and the cork wa   till tightly  ealed with wax. “I wanted Ron to think I’d done it,  o I faked it when I knew you were looking.” He looked at Ron. “You  aved everything becau e you felt lucky. You did it all your elf.” He pocketed the potion again. “There really wa n’t anything in my pumpkin juice?” Ron  aid, a tounded. “But the weather’  good. . . and Vai ey couldn’t play. … I hone tly haven’t been given lucky potion?” ] Harry  hook hi  head. Ron gaped at him for a moment, then rounded on Hermione, imitating her voice. “You added Felix Felici  to Ron’  juice thi  morning, that’  why he  aved everything! See! I can  ave goal  without help, Hermione!” “I never  aid you couldn’t — Ron, you thought you’d been given it too!” But Ron had already  trode pa t her out of the door with hi  broom tick over hi   houlder. “Er,”  aid Harry into the  udden  ilence; he had not expected hi  plan to backfire like thi , “ hall. . .  hall we go up to the party, then?” “You go!”  aid Hermione, blinking back tear . “I’m  ick of Ron at the moment, I don’t know what I’m  uppo ed to have done. . . .” And  he  tormed out of the changing room too. Harry walked  lowly back up the ground  toward the ca tle through the crowd, many of whom  houted congratulation  at him, but he felt a great  en e of letdown; he had been  ure that if Ron won the match, he and Hermione would be friend  again immediately. He did not  ee how he could po ibly explain to Hermione that what  he had done to offend Ron wa  ki  Viktor Krum, not when the offen e had occurred  o long ago. Harry could not  ee Hermione at the Gryffindor celebration party, which wa  in full  wing when he arrived. Renewed cheer  and clapping greeted hi  appearance, and he wa   oon  urrounded by a mob of people congratulating him. What with trying to  hake off the Creevey brother , who wanted a blowbyblow match analy i , and the large group of girl  that encircled him, laughing at hi  lea t amu ing comment  and batting their eyelid , it wa   ome time before he could try and find Ron. At la t, he extricated him elf from Romilda Vane, who wa  hinting heavily that  he would like to go to Slughorn’  Chri tma  party with him. A  he wa  ducking toward the drink  table, he walked  traight into Ginny, Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on her  houlder and Crook hank  mewing hopefully at her heel . “Looking for Ron?”  he a ked,  mirking. “He’  over there, the filthy hypocrite.” Harry looked into the corner  he wa  indicating. There, in full view of the whole room,  tood Ron wrapped  o clo ely around Lavender Brown it wa  hard to tell who e hand  were who e. “It look  like he’  eating her face, doe n’t it?”  aid Ginny di pa ionately. “But I  uppo e he’  got to refine hi  technique  omehow. Good game, Harry.” She patted him on the arm; Harry felt a  wooping  en ation in hi   tomach, but then  he walked off to help her elf to more butterbeer. Crook hank  trotted after her, hi  yellow eye  fixed upon Arnold. Harry turned away from Ron, who did not look like he would be  urfacing  oon, ju t a  the portrait hole wa  clo ing. With a  inking feeling, he thought he  aw a mane of bu hy brown hair whipping out of  ight. He darted forward,  ide tepped Romilda Vane again, and pu hed open the portrait of the Fat Lady. The corridor out ide ,  eemed to be de erted. “Hermione?” He found her in the fir t unlocked cla room he tried. She wa   itting on the teacher’  de k, alone except for a  mall ring of twittering yellow bird  circling her head, which  he had clearly ju t conjured out of midair. Harry could not help admiring her  pellwork at a time like thi . “Oh, hello, Harry,”  he  aid in a brittle voice. “I wa  ju t practicing.” “Yeah . . . they’re — er — really good. …”  aid Harry. He had no idea what to  ay to her. He wa  ju t wondering whether there wa  any chance that  he had not noticed Ron, that  he had merely left the room becau e the party wa  a little too rowdy, when  he  aid, in an unnaturally highpitched voice, “Ron  eem  to be enjoying the celebration .” “Er . . . doe  he?”  aid Harry. “Don’t pretend you didn’t  ee him,”  aid Hermione. “He wa n’t exactly hiding it, wa  — ?” The door behind them bur t open. To Harry’  horror, Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand. ; ‘ “Oh,” he  aid, drawing up  hort at the  ight of Harry and Hermione. “Oop !”  aid Lavender, and  he backed out of the room, giggling. The door  wung  hut behind her. There wa  a horrible,  welling, billowing  ilence. Hermione wa   taring at Ron, who refu ed to look at her, but  aid with an odd mixture of bravado and awkwardne , “Hi, Harry! Wondered where you’d got to!” Hermione  lid off the de k. The little flock of golden bird  continued to twitter in circle  around her head  o that  he looked like a  trange, feathery model of the  olar  y tem. “You  houldn’t leave Lavender waiting out ide,”  he  aid quietly. “She’ll wonder where you’ve gone.” She walked very  lowly and erectly toward the door. Harry glanced at Ron, who wa  looking relieved that nothing wor e had happened. “Oppugno!” came a  hriek from the doorway. Harry  pun around to  ee Hermione pointing her wand at Ron, her expre ion wild: The little flock of bird  wa   peeding like a hail of fat golden bullet  toward Ron, who yelped and covered hi  face with hi  hand , but the bird  attacked, pecking and clawing at every bit of fle h they could reach. “Gerremoffme!” he yelled, but with one la t look of vindictive fury, Hermione wrenched open the door and di appeared through it. Harry thought he heard a  ob before it  lammed. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 15: The Unbreakable Vow Snow wa   wirling again t the icy window  once more; Chri tma  wa  approaching fa t. Hagrid had already  inglehandedly delivered the u ual twelve C hri tma  tree  to the Great Hall; garland  of holly and tin el had been twi ted around the bani ter  of the  tair ; everla ting candle  glowed from in ide the helmet  of  uit  of armor and great bunche  of mi tletoe had been hung at interval  along the corridor . Large group  of girl  tended to converge underneath the mi tletoe bunche  every time Harry went pa t, which cau ed blockage  in the corridor ; fortunat e ly, however, Harry’  frequent nighttime wandering  had given him an unu ually good knowledge of the ca tle’   ecret pa ageway ,  o that he wa  often, without too much difficulty, to naviga t e mi tletoefree route  between cla e . Ron, who might once have found the nece ity of the e detour  excu e for jealou y rather than hilarity,  imply roared with laughter about it all. Although Harry much preferred thi  new laughing, joking Ron to the moody, aggre ive model he had been enduring for the la t few week , the improved Ron came at a heavy price. Fir tly, Harry had to put up with the frequent pre ence of Lavender Brown, who  eemed to regard any moment that  he wa  not ki ing Ron a  a moment wa ted; and  econdly, Harry found him elf once more the be t friend of two people who  eemed unlikely ever to  peak to each other again. Ron, who e hand  and forearm   till bore  cratche  and cut  from Hermione’  bird attack, wa  taking a defen ive and re entful tone. “She can’t complain,” he told Harry. “She  nogged Krum. So  he’  found out  omeone want  to  nog me too. Well, it’  a free country. I haven’t done anything wrong.” Harry did not an wer, but pretended to be ab orbed in the book they were  uppo ed to have read before Charm  next morning (Quinte ence: A Q ue t). Determined a  he wa  to remain friend  with both Ron and Hermione, he wa   pending a lot of time with hi  mouth  hut tight. “I never promi ed Hermione anything , ” Ron mumbled. “I mean, all right, I wa  going to go to Slughorn’  Chri tma  party with her, but  he never  aid… ju t a  friend … I’m a free agent…” Harry turned a page of Quinte ence, aware that Ron wa  watching him. Ron’  voice trailed away in mutter , barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, though Harry thought he caught the word  “Krum” and “Can’t complain” again. Hermione’   chedule wa   o full that Harry could only talk to her properly in the evening , when Ron wa , in any ca e,  o tightly wrapped around Lavender that he did not notice what Harry wa  doing. Hermione refu ed to  it in the common room while Ron wa  there, So Harry generally joined her in the library, which meant that their conver ation  were held in whi per . “He’  at perfect liberty to ki  whomever he like ,”  aid Hermione, while the librarian , Madam Pince, prowled the  helve  behind them. “I really couldn’t care le .” She rai ed her quill and dotted an ‘i’  o ferociou ly that  he punctured a hole in her parchment. Harry  aid nothing. He thought hi  voice might  oon vani h from the lack of u e. He bent a little lower over Advanced PotionMaking and continued to make note  on Everla ting Elixir , occa ionally pau ing to decipher the p rince’  u eful addition  to Libatiu  B orage’  text. “And incidentally,”  aid Hermione, after a few moment , “you need to be careful.” “For the la t time,”  aid Harry,  peaking in a  lightly hoar e tone after threequarter  of an ho u r of  ilence, “I am not giving back thi  book . I’ve learned more from the Halfblood p rince than Snape or Slughorn have taught me in–“ “I’m not talking about your  tupid  ocalled prince,”  aid Hermione , giving hi  book a na ty look a  though it had been rude to her. “I’m talki ng about earlier. I went into the girl’  bathroom ju t before I came in here and there were about a dozen girl  in there, including that Romilda Vane , trying to decide how to  lip you a love potion. They’re all hoping they’re going to get you to take them to Slughorn’  party, and thay all  eem to have bought Fred and George’  love potion , which I’m afraid to  ay probably work –“ “Why didn’t you confi cate them then?” demanded Harry, it  eemed extraordinary that Hermione’  m ania for upholding the rule  could have abandoned her at thi  crucial juncture. “They didn’t have the potion  with them in the bathroom,”  aid Hermione  cornfully, “They were ju t di cu ing tactic . A  I doubt the Halfblood prince”  he gave the book another  cornful look “could dream up an antidote for a dozen different love potion  at once, I’d ju t invite  omeone to go with you, that’ll  top all the other  thinking they’ve  till got a chance. It’  tomor r ow night, they’re getting de perate.” “There i n’t anyone I want to invite,” mumbled Harry, who wa   till not trying to think about Ginny any more than he could help, de pite the fact the fact that  he kept cropping up in hi  dream  in way  that made him devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform Legilimency. “Well, ju t be careful what you drink, becau e Romilda Va ne looked like  he meant bu ine .”  aid Hermione grimly. She hitched up the long roll of parchment on which  he wa  writing her Arithma n cy e ay and continued to  cratch away with her quill. Harry wa t che d her with hi  mind a long way away. “Hang on a moment,” he  aid  lowly. “I thought Filch had banned anything bought at Wea ley’  Wizard Wheeze ?” “And when ha  anyone ever paid attention to what Filch ha  banned?” a ked Hermione,  till concentrating on her e ay. “But I thought all the owl  were being  earched. So how come the e gril  are able to bring love potion  into the  chool?” “Fred and George  end them di gui ed a  perfume  and cough potion ,”  aid Hermione. “It’  part of their Owl order  ervice.” “You know a lot about it.” Hermione gave him the kind of na ty look  he had ju t given hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking. “It wa  all on the back of the bottle  they  howed Ginny and me in the  ummer,”  he  aid coldly, “I don’t go around putting potion  in people’  drink … or pretending too eit h er, which i  ju t a  bad…” “Yeah, well, never mind that,”  aid Harry quickly. “The point i , Filch i  being fooled i n’t he? The e girl  are getting  tuff into the  chool di gui ed a   omething el e! So why couldn’t Malfoy have brought the necklace into the  chool –?” “Oh, Harry… not that again…” “Come on, why not?” demanded Harry. “Look , ”  ighed Hermione, “Secrecy Sen or  detect jinxe , cur e , and concealment charm , don’t they? They’re u ed to find d ark magic and d ark obje c t . They’d have picked up a powerful cur e , like the one in the necklace, withi n  econd . But  omething that’  ju t been put in the wrong bottle wouldn ‘ t regi ter — anyway Love potion  aren’t d ark or dangerou  -“ “Ea y for you to  ay,” muttered Harry, thinking of Romilda Vane. “–  o it would be down to Filch to reali e it wa n’t a cough potion, and he’  not a very good wizard, I doubt he can tell one potion from –“ Hermione  topped dead; Harry had heard it too. Somebody had moved clo e behind them among the dark book helve . They waited, and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appeared around the corner, her  unken cheek , her  kin like parchment, and her long hooked no e illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp  he wa  carrying. “The library i  now clo ed,”  he  aid, “Mind you return anything you have borrowed to the correct — what have you been doing to that book, you depraved boy?” “It i n’t the library’ , it’  mine!”  aid Harry ha tily,  natching hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking off the table a   he lunged at it with a clawlike hand. ” Spoiled!”  he hi ed . “De ecrated, befouled !” “It’  ju t a book that’  been written on!”  aid Harry, tugging it out of her grip. She looked a  though  he might have a  eizure; Hermione, who had ha tily packed her thing , grabbed Harry by the arm and frogmarched him away. “She’ll ban you from the library if you’re not careful. Why did you have to bring that  tupid book?” “It’  not my fault  he’  barking mad, Hermione. Or d’you think  he overheard you being rude about Filch? I’ve alway  thought there might be  omething between them…” “Oh, ha ha..” Enjoying the fact that they could  peak normally again, they made their way along the de erted lamplit corridor  back to the common room, arguing w hether or not Filch and Madam Pince were  ecretly in love with each other. “Bauble ”  aid Harry to the Fat Lady, thi  being the new, fe tive pa word. “Same to you,”  aid the fat lady with a rogui h grin, and  he  wung forward to admit them. “Hi, Harry!”  aid Romilda Vane, the moment he had climbed through the portrait hole. “Fancy a gillywater?” Hermione gave him a “whatdidItellyou?” look over her  houlder. “No thank ,”  aid Harry quickly. “I don’t like it much.” “Well, take the e anyway,”  aid Romilda, thru ting a box into hi  hand . “Chocolate Cauldron , they’ve got firewhi key in them. My gran  ent them to me, but I don’t like them.” “Oh– right — thank  a lot.”  aid Harry, who could not think what el e to  ay. ” Er– I ‘ m ju t going over here with …” He hurried off behind Hermione, hi  voice tailing away feebly. “Told you,”  aid Hermione  uccinctly, ” Sooner you a k  omeone,  ooner they’ll all leave you alone and you can –“ But her face  uddnly turned blank;  he had ju t  potted Ron and Lavender, who were i ntertwined in the  ame armchair. “Well, good night, Harry”  aid Hermione, though it wa  only  even o’clock in the evening, and  he left for the girl  ’ dormitory without another word. Harry went to bed comforting him elf that there wa  only one more day of le on  to  truggle through, plu  Slughorn’  party, after which he and Ron would depart together for the B urrow. It now  eemed impo ible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holiday  began, but perhap ,  omehow, the break would give them time to calm down, think better of their behavior… But hi  hope  were not high, and they  ank  till lower after enduring a Tran figuration le on with them both next day. They had ju t embarked upon the immen ely difficult topic of human tran figuration; working in front of mirror  , they were  upo ed to be changing the color of their own eyebrow . Hermione laughed unkindly at Ron’  di a trou  fir t attempt, during which he  omehow managed to give him elf a  pectacular handlebar mu tache; Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impre ion of Hermione jumping up and down in her  eat every time Profe    or McGonagall a ked a que tion, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amu ing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tear  again. She raced out of the cla room on the bell, leaving half her thing  behind; Harry, deciding that her need wa  greater than Ron’  ju t now,  cooped up her remaining po  e ion  and followed her. He finally tracked her down a   he emerged from a girl’  bathroom on the floor below. She wa  accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who wa  patting her vaguely on the back. “Oh, hello, Harry , ”  aid Luna . ” D id you know one of your eyebrow  i  bright yellow?” “Hi, Luna. Hermione , you left your  tuff…” He held out her book . “Oh, ye ,”  aid Hermione in a choked voice, taking her thing  and turning away quickly to hide the fact  he wa  wiping her eye  with her pencil ca e. “Thank you , Harry. Well, I’d better get going…” And  he hurried off, without ever giving Harry any time to offer word  of comfort, though admittedly he could not think of any. “She’  a bit up et , ”  aid Luna. “I thought at fir t it wa  Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be Hermione. She  aid  omething about Ron Wea ley…” “Yeah, they’ve had a row,”  aid Harry. “He  ay  funny thing   ometime , doe n’t he?”  aid Luna a  they  et off down the corridor together. “But he can be a bit unkind. I noticed that la t year.” ” I  ’po e , ”  aid Harry. Luna wa  demon trating her u ual knack of  peaking uncomfortable truth ; he had never met anyone quite like her. “So have you had a good term?” “Oh, it’  been al l right,”  aid Luna. ” A bit lonely without the D.A. Ginny’  been nice, though. She  topped two boy  in our Tran figuration cla  calling me ‘Loony’ the other day –“ “How would you like to come to S lughorn’  party with me tonight?” The word  were out of Harry’  mouth before he could  top them; he heard him elf  ay them a  though it were a  tranger  peaking. Luna turned her protuberant eye  to him in  urpri e. “Slughorn’  party? With you?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “We’re  uppo ed to bring gue t ,  o I thought you might like.. I mean…” He wa  keen to make hi  intention  perfectly clear. ” I mean, ju t a  friend , you know. But if you don’t want to…” He wa  already half hoping that  he didn’t want to. “O h no, I’d love to go with you a  friend !”  aid Luna, beaming a  he had never  een her beam before. “Nobody’  ever a ked me to a party before, a  a friend! I  that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? Should I dye mine too?” “No”  aid Harry firmly, “That wa  a mi take. I’ll get Hermione to put it right for me. So I’ll meet you in the entrance hall at eight o’clock then . “ “AHA!”  creamed a voice from overhead and both of them jumped; unnoticed by either of them, they had ju t pa ed underneath Peeve , who wa  hanging up ide down from a chandelier and grinning maliciou ly at them. “Potty a ked Loony to go to the part y ! Potty lurve  Loony! Potty luuuuuurve  Looooony!” And he zoomed away cackling and  hrieking, “Potty love  Loony!” “Nice to keep the e thing  private,”  aid Harry. And  ure enough, in no time at all the whole  chool  eemed to know that Harry Potter wa  taking Luna Lovegood to Slughorn’  party. “You could’ve taken anyone!”  aid Ron in di belief over dinner. “Anyone! And you cho e Loony Lovegood?” “Don’t call her that, Ron!”  napped Ginny, pau ing behind Harry on her way to join friend . “I’m really glad you’re taking her Harry,  he’   o excited.” And  he moved on down the table to  it with Dean. Harry tried to feel plea ed that Ginny wa  glad he wa  taking Luna to the party but could not quite manage it. A long way along the table Hermione wa   itting alone, playing with her  tew. Harry noticed Ron looking at her furtively. “You could  ay  orry , ”  ugge ted Harry bluntly. “What , and get attacked by another flock of canarie ?” muttered Ron. “What did you have to imitate her for?” “She laughed at my mu tache!” “So did I, it wa  the  tupide t thing I’ve ever  een.” But Ron did not  eem to have he a rd; Lavender had ju t arrived with Parvati. Squeezing her elf in between Harry and Ron, Lavender flung her arm  around Ron’  neck. “Hi, Harry,”  aid Parvati who, like Harry, looked faintly embarra ed and bored by the behavior of their two friend . “Hi,”  aid Harry, “How’re you? You’re  taying at Hogwart , then? I heard your parent  wanted you to leave.” “I managed to talk them out o f it for the time being,”  aid Parvati. “That Katie thing really freaked them out, but a  there ha n’t been anything  ince… Oh, hi, Hermione!” Parvati po itively beamed. Harry could tell that  he wa  feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Tran figuration. He looked around and  aw that Hermione wa  beaming back, if po ible even more brightly. Girl  were very  trange  ometime . “Hi, Parvati!”  aid Hermione, ignoring Ron and Lavender completely. “Are you going to Slughorn’  party tonight?” “No invite,”  aid Parvati gloomily. “I’d love to go, though, it  ound  like it’  going to be really good… You’re going, aren’t you?” “Ye , I’m meeting Cormac at eight, and we’re -“ There wa  a noi e like a plunger being withdrawn from a blocked  ink , and Ron  urfaced. Hermione acted a  though  he had not  een or heard anything. “- we’re going up to the party together.” “Cormac?”  aid Parvati. “Cormac McLaggen, you mean?” “That’  right,”  aid Hermione  weetly. “The one who *almo t*” -  he put a great deal of empha i  on the word - “bec a me Gryffindor Keeper.” “Are you going out with him, then?” a ked Parvati, wideeyed. “Oh - ye  - didn’t you know?”  aid Harmione, with a mo t unHermionei h giggle. “No!”  aid Parvati, looking po itively agog at thi   piece of go ip. “Wow , you like your Quidditch player , don’t you? Fir t Krum, then McLaggen.” “I like *really good* Quidditch player ,” Hermione corrected her,  till  miling. “Well,  ee you… Got to go and get ready for the party…” She left. At once Lavender and Parvati put their head  together to di cu  thi  new development, with everything they had ever heard about McLaggen, and all they had ever gue ed about Hermione. Ron looked  trangely blank and  aid nothing. Harry wa  left to ponder in  ilence the depth  to which girl  would  ink to get revenge. When he arrived in the entrance hall at eight o’clock that night, he found an unu ually large number of girl  lurking there, all of whom  eemed to be  taring at him re entfully a  he approached Luna. She wa  wearing a  et of  pangled  ilver robe  that were attracting a certain amount of giggle  from the onlooker , but otherwi e  he looked quite nice. Harry wa  glad, in any ca e, that  he had left off her radi h earring , her butterbeer cork necklace, and her Spectre pec . “Hi,” he  aid. “Shall we get going then?” “Oh ye ,”  he  aid happily. “Where i  the party?” “Slughorn’  office,”  aid Harry, leading her up the marble  tairca e away from all the  taring and muttering. “Did you hear, there’   uppo ed to be a vampire coming?” “Rufu  Scrimgeour?” a ked Luna. “I - what?”  aid Harry, di concerted. “You mean the Mini ter of Magic?” “Ye , he’  a vampire,”  aid Luna matteroffactly. “Father wrote a very long article about it when Scrimgeour fir t took over from Corneliu  Fudge, but he wa  forced not to publi h by  omebody from the Mini try. Obviou ly, they didn’t want the truth to get out!” Harry, who thought it mo t unlikely that Rufu  Scrimgeour wa  a vampire, but who wa  u ed to Luna repeating her father’  bizarre view  a  though they were fact, did not reply; they were already approaching Slughorn’  office and the  ound  of laughter, mu ic, and loud conver ation were growing louder with every  tep they took. Whether it had been built that way, or becau e he had u ed magical trickery to make it  o, Slughorn’  office wa  much larger than the u ual teacher’   tudy. The ceiling and wall  had been draped with emerald, crim on , and gold hanging ,  o that it looked a  though they were all in ide a va t tent. The room wa  crowded and  tuffy and bathed in the red light ca t by an ornate golden lamp dangling from the center of the ceiling in which real fairie  were fluttering, each a brilliant  peck of light. Loud  inging accompanied by what  ounded like mandolin  i ued from a di tant corner; a haze of pipe  moke hung over  everal elderly warlock  deep in conver ation, and a number of hou eelve  were negotiating their way  queakily through the fore t of knee , ob cured by the heavy  ilver platter  of food they were bearing,  o that they looked like little roving table . “Harry, m’boy!” boomed Slughorn, almo t a   oon a  Harry and Luna had  queezed in through the door. “Come in, come in,  o many people I’d like you to meet!” Slughorn wa  wearing a ta eled velvet hat to match hi   moking jacket. Gripping Harry’  arm  o tightly he might have been hoping to Di apparate with him, Slughorn led him purpo efully into the party; Harry  eized Luna’  hand and dragged her along with him. “Harry, I’d like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old  tudent of mine, author of ‘ Blood Brother : My L ife Among t the Vampire ’ - and, of cour e, hi  friend Sanguini.” Worple, who wa  a  mall,  tout, be pectacled man, grabbed Harry’  hand and  hook it enthu ia tically; the vampire Sanguini, who wa  tall and emaciated with dark  hadow  under hi  eye , merely nodded. He looked rather bored. A gaggle of girl  wa   tanding clo e to him, looking curiou  and excited. “Harry Potter, I am  imply delighted!”  aid Worple, peering  hort ightedly up into Harry’  face. “I wa   aying to Profe or Slughorn only the other day, ‘Where i  the biography of Harry Potter for which we have all been waiting?’” “Er,”  aid Harry, “were you?” “Ju t a  mode t a  Horace de cribed!”  aid Worple. “But  eriou ly” — hi  manner changed; it became  uddenly bu ine like — “I would be delighted to write it my elf— people are craving to know more about you, dear boy, craving! If you were prepared to grant me a few interview ,  ay in four- or fivehour  e ion , why, we could have the book fini hed within month . And all with very little effort on your part, I a ure you — a k Sanguini here if it i n’t quite — Sanguini,  tay here!” added Worple,  uddenly  tern, for the vampire had been edging toward the nearby group of girl , a rather hungry look in hi  eye. “Here, have a pa ty,”  aid Worple,  eizing one from a pa ing elf and  tuffing it into Sanguini’  hand before turning hi  attention back to Harry. “My dear boy, the gold you could make, you have no idea —” “I’m definitely not intere ted,”  aid Harry firmly, “and I’ve ju t  een a friend of mine,  orry.” He pulled Luna after him into the crowd; he had indeed ju t  een a long mane of brown hair di appear between what looked like two member  of the Weird Si ter . “Hermione! Hermione !” “Harry! There you are, thank goodne ! Hi, Luna !” “What’  happened to you?” a ked Harry, for Hermione looked di tinctly di heveled, rather a  though  he had ju t fought her way out of a thicket of Devil’  Snare. “Oh, I’ve ju t e caped — I mean, I’ve ju t left Cormac,”  he  aid. “Under the mi tletoe,”  he added in explanation, a  Harry continued to look que tioningly at her. “Serve  you right for coming with him,” he told her  everely. “I thought he’d annoy Ron mo t,”  aid Hermione di pa ionately. “I debated for a while about Zacharia  Smith, but I thought, on the whole —” “You con idered Smith?”  aid Harry, revoked. “Ye , I did, and I’m  tarting to wi h I’d cho en him, McLaggen make  Grawp look a gentleman. Let’  go thi  way, we’ll be able to  ee him coming, he’   o tall. . . .” The three of them made their way over to the other  ide of the room,  cooping up goblet  of mead on the way, realizing too late that Profe or Trelawney wa   tanding there alone. “Hello,”  aid Luna politely to Profe or Trelawney. “Good evening, my dear,”  aid Profe or Trelawney, focu ing upon Luna with  ome difficulty. Harry could  mell cooking  herry again. “I haven’t  een you in my cla e  lately. ..” “No, I’ve got Firenze thi  year,”  aid Luna. “Oh, of cour e,”  aid Profe or Trelawney with an angry, drunken titter. “Or Dobbin, a  I prefer to think of him. You would have thought, would you not, that now I am returned to the  chool Profe or Dumbledore might have got rid of the hor e? But no … we  hare cla e . . . . It’  an in ult, frankly, an in ult. Do you know. . .” Profe or Trelawney  eemed too tip y to have recognized Harry. Under cover of her furiou  critici m  of Firenze, Harry drew clo er to Hermione and  aid, “Let ‘   get  omething  traight. Are you planning to tell Ron that you interfered at Keeper tryout ?” Hermione rai ed her eyebrow . “Do you really think I’d  toop that low?” Harry looked at her  hrewdly. “Hermione, if you can a k 0111 McLaggen —” “There’  a difference,”  aid Hermione with dignity. “I’ve got no plan  to tell Ron anything about what might, or might not, have happened at Keeper tryout .” “Good,”  aid Harry fervently. “Becau e he’ll ju t fall apart again, and we’ll lo e the next match —” “Quidditch!”  aid Hermione angrily. “I  that all boy  care about? Cormac ha n’t a ked me one  ingle que tion about my elf, no, I’ve ju t been treated to ‘A Hundred Great Save  Made by Cormac McLaggen’ non top ever  ince — oh no, here he come !” She moved  o fa t it wa  a  though  he had Di apparated; one moment  he wa  there, the next,  he had  queezed between two guffawing witche  and vani hed. “Seen Hermione?” a ked McLaggen, forcing hi  way through the throng a minute later. “No,  orry,”  aid Harry, and he turned quickly to join in Luna’  conver ation, forgetting for a  plit  econd to whom  he wa  talking. “Harry Potter!”  aid Profe or Trelawney in deep, vibrant tone , noticing him for the fir t time. “Oh, hello,”  aid Harry unenthu ia tically. “My dear boy!”  he  aid in a very carrying whi per. “The rumor ! The  torie ! ‘The Cho en One’! Of cour e, I have known for a very long time. . . . The omen  were never good, Harry. . . But why have you not returned to Divination? For you, of all people, the  ubject i  of the utmo t importance!” “Ah, Sybi l l, we all think our  ubject’  mo t important!”  aid a loud voice, and Slughorn appeared at Profe or Trelawney   other  ide, hi  face very red, hi  velvet hat a little a kew, a gla  of mead in one hand and an enormou  mince pie in the other. “But I don’t t hink I’ve ever known  uch a natural at Potion !”  aid Slughorn, regarding Harry with a fond, if blood hot, eye. “In tinctive, you know — like hi  mother! I’ve only ever taught a few with thi  kind of ability, I can tell you that, Sybi l l — why even Severu  —” And to Harry’  horror, Slughorn threw out an arm and  eemed to  coop Snape out of thin air toward them. “Stop  kulking and come and join u , Severu !” hiccuped Slughorn happily. “I wa  ju t talking about Harry’  exceptional potionmaking! Some credit mu t go to you, of cour e, you taught him for five year !” Trapped, with Slughorn  arm around hi   houlder , Snape looked down hi  hooked no e at Harry, hi  black eye  narrowed. “Funny, I never had the impre ion that I managed to teach Potter anything at all.” “Well, then, it’  natural ability!”  houted Slughorn. “You  hould have  een what he gave me, fir t le on, Draught of Living Death — never had a  tudent produce finer on a fir t attempt, I don’t think even you, Severu  —” “Really?”  aid Snape quietly, hi  eye   till boring into Harry, who felt a certain di quiet. The la t thing he wanted wa  for Snape to  tart inve tigating the  ource of hi  newfound brilliance at Potion . “Remind me what other  ubject  you’re taking, Harry?” a ked Slughorn . “Defen e Again t the D ark Art , Charm , Tran figuration , Herbology…” “All the  ubject  required, in  hort, for an Auror ,”  aid Snap e with the fainte t  neer. “Yeah, well, that’  what I’d like to do,”  aid Harry defiantly. “And a great one you’ll make too!” boomed Slughorn. “I don’t think you  hould be an Auror, Harry,”  aid Luna unex pectedly. Everybody looked at her. “The Auror  are part of the Rotfang Con piracy, I thought everyone knew that. They’re planning to bring down the Mini try of Magic from within u ing a c om bination of Dark Magic and gum di ea e.” Harry inhaled half hi  mead up hi  no e a  he  tarted to lau gh. Really, it had been worth bringing Luna ju t for thi . Emerging, from hi  goblet, coughing,  opping wet but  till grinning, he  aw  omething calculated to rai e hi   pirit  even higher: Draco Malf o y being dragged by the ear toward them by Argu  Filch. “Profe or Slughorn,” wheezed Filch, hi  jowl  aquiver and the maniacal light of mi chiefdetection in hi  bulging eye , “I di covered thi  boy lurking in an up tair  corridor. He claim  to have been invited to your party and to have been delayed in  etting out. Did you i ue him with an invitation?” Malfoy pulled him elf free of Filch  grip, looking furiou . “All right, I wa n’t invited!” he  aid angrily. “I wa  trying to gate cra h, happy?” “No, I’m not!”  aid Filch, a  tatement at complete odd  with the glee on hi  face. “You’re in trouble, you are! Didn’t the headma  ter  ay that nighttime prowling ‘   out, unle  you’ve got permi ion, didn’t he, eh?” “That’  all right, Argu , that’  all right,”  aid Slughorn, waving it 1.1 nd. “It’  Chri tma , and it’  not a crime to want to come to a party . Ju t thi  once, we’ll forget any puni hment; you may  tay , Draco. Fil ich’  expre ion of outraged di appointment wa  perfectly pre di c t able; but why, Harry wondered, watching him, did Malfoy look almo t equally unhappy? And why wa  Snape looking at Malfoy a  though both angry and . . . wa  it p o ible? … a lit tl afraid? But almo t before Harry had regi tered what he had  een, Filch had turned and  huffled away, muttering under hi  breath; Malfoy h ad compo ed hi  face into a  mile and wa  thanking Slughorn for hi  genero ity, and Snape’  face wa   moothly in crutable again. “It’  nothing, nothing,”  aid Slughorn, waving away Malfoy’  t hank . “I did know your grandfather, after all….” “He alway   poke very highly of you,  ir,”  aid Malfoy quickly. “Said you were the be t potionmaker he’d ever known. …” Harry  tared at Malfoy. It wa  not the  uckingup that intrigued him; he had watched Malfoy do that to Snape for a long time. It wa  the fact that Malfoy did, after all, look a little ill. Thi  wa  the fir t time he had  een Malfoy clo e up for age ; he now  aw that Malfoy had dark  hadow  under hi  eye  and a di tinctly grayi h tinge to hi   kin. “I’d like a word with you, Draco,”  aid Snape  uddenly. “Now , Severu ,”  aid Slughorn, hiccuping again, “it’  Chri t ma , do n’t be too hard —” “I am hi  Head of Hou e, and I  hall decide how hard, or otherwi e, to be,”  aid Snape curtly. “Follow me, Draco.” They left, Snape leading the way, Malfoy looking re entful. Harry  tood there for a moment, irre olute, then  aid, “I’ll be back in a bit, Luna — er — bathroom.” “All right,”  he  aid cheerfully, and he thought he heard her, a  he hurried off into the crowd, re ume the  ubject of the Rotfang Con piracy with Profe or Trelawney, who  eemed  incerely in tere ted. It wa  ea y, once out of the party, to pull hi  Invi ibility Cloak out of hi  pocket and throw it over him elf, for the corridor wa  quite de erted. What wa  more difficult wa  finding Snape and Malfoy. Harry ran down the corridor, the noi e of hi  feet ma ked by the mu ic and loud talk  till i uing from Slughorn’  office behind him. Perhap  Snape had taken Malfoy to hi  office in the dungeon  … or perhap  he wa  e corting him back to the Slyt herin common room. . . . Harry pre ed hi  ear again t door after door a  he da hed down the corridor until, with a great jolt of excitement, he crouched down to the keyhole of the la t cla room in the corridor and heard voice . ” . . . cannot afford mi take , Draco, becau e if you are expelled —” “I didn’t have anything to do with it, all right?” “I hope you are telling the truth, becau e it wa  both clum y a nd fooli h. Already you are  u pected of having a hand in it.” “Who  u pect  me?”  aid Malfoy angrily. “For the la t time, I didn’t do it, okay? That Bell girl mu t ‘ ve had an enemy no on e know  about — don’t look at me like that! I know what you’re doing, I’m not  tupid, but it won’t work — I can  top you!” There wa  a pau e and then Snape  aid quietly, “Ah . . . Aunt Bellatrix ha  been teaching you Occlumency, I  ee. What thought  are you trying to conceal from your ma ter, Draco?” “I’m not trying to conceal anything from him, I ju t don’t want you butting in !” Harry pre ed hi  ear  till more clo ely again t the keyhole. . . . What had happened to make Malfoy  peak to Snape like thi  — Snape, toward whom he had alway   hown re pect, even liking? “So that i  why you have been avoiding me thi  term? You have feared my interference? You realize that, had anybody el e failed to come to my office when I had told them repeatedly to be there, Draco —” “So put me in detention! Report me to Dumbledore!” jeered Malfoy. There wa  another pau e. Then Snape  aid, “You know perfectly well that I do not wi h to do either of tho e thing  .” “You’d better  top telling me to come to your office then!” “Li ten to me,”  aid Snape, hi  voice  o low now that Harry had to pu h hi  ear very hard again t the keyhole to hear. “I am trying to help you. I  wore to your mother I would protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow, Draco —” “Look  like you’ll have to break it, then, becau e I don’t need your protection! It’  my job, he gave it to me and I’m doing it, I’ve got a plan and it’  going to work, it’  ju t taking a bit longer than I thought it would!” “What i  your plan ?” “It’  none of your bu ine  !” ” If you tell me what you are trying to do, I can a i t you …” “I have all the a i tance I need, thank , I’m not alone!” “You were certainly alone tonight, which wa  fooli h in the extreme, wandering the corridor  without lookout  or backup, the e are elementary mi take  —” “I would’ve had Crabbe and Goyle with me if you hadn’t put them in detention!” “Keep your voice down!”  pat Snape, for Malfoy ‘   voice had ri en excitedly. “If your friend  Crabbe and Goyle intend to pa  their Defen e Again t the Dark Art  OWL thi  time around, they will need to work a little harder than they are doing at pre  —” “What doe  it matter?”  aid Malfoy. “Defen e Again t the Dark Art  — it  all ju t a joke, i n’t it, an act? Like any of u  need protecting again t the Dark Art  —” “It i  an act that i  crucial to  ucce , Draco!”  aid Snape. “Where do you think I would have been all the e year , if I had not known how to act? Now li ten to me! You are being incautiou , wandering around at night, getting your elf caught, and if you are placing your reliance in a i tant  like Crabbe and Goyle —” “They’re not the only one , I’ve got other people on my  ide, better people!” “Then why not confide in me, and I can —” “I know what you’re up to! You want to  teal my glory!” There wa  another pau e, then Snape  aid coldly, “You are  peaking like a child. I quite under tand that your father  capture and impri onment ha  up et you, but —” Harry had barely a  econd ‘   warning; he heard Malfoy’  foot tep  on the other  ide of the door and flung him elf out of the way ju t a  it bur t open . Malfoy wa   triding away down the corridor, pa t the open door of Slughorn  office, around the di tant corner, and out of  ight. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry remained crouched down a  Snape emerged  lowly from the cla room. Hi  expre ion unfathomable, he returned to the party. Harry remained on the floor, hidden beneath the cloak, hi  mind racing. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 16: AVeryFro ty Chri tma  “So Snape wa  offering to help him? He wa  definitely offering to help him?” “If you a k. that once more,”  aid Harry, “I’m going to  tick thi   prout —” “I’m only checking!”  aid Ron. They were  tanding alone at the Burrow’  kitchen  ink, peeling a mountain of  prout  for Mr . Wea ley. Snow wa  drifting pa t the window in front of them. “Ye , Snape wa  offering to help him!”  aid Harry. “He  aid he’d promi ed Malfoy’  mother to protect him, that he’d made an Unbreakable Oath or  omething —” “An Unbreakable Vow?”  aid Ron, looking  tunned. “Nah, he can’t have. . . . Are you  ure?” “Ye , I’m  ure,”  aid Harry. “Why, what doe  it mean?” “Well, you can’t break an Unbreakable Vow. . . .” “I’d worked that much out for my elf, funnily enough. What happen  if you break it, then?” “You die,”  aid Ron  imply. “Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I wa  about five. I nearly did too, I wa  holding hand  with Fred and everything when Dad found u . He went mental,”  aid Ron, with a remini cent gleam in hi  eye . “Only time I’ve ever  een Dad a  angry a  Mum, Fred reckon  hi  left buttock ha  never been the  ame  ince.” “Yeah, well, pa ing over Fred’  left buttock —” “I beg your pardon?”  aid Fred’  voice a  the twin  entered the kitchen. “Aaah, George, look at thi . They’re u ing knive  and everything. Ble  them.” “I’ll be  eventeen in two and a bit month ’ time,”  aid Ron grumpily, “and then I’ll be able to do it by magic!” “But meanwhile,”  aid George,  itting down at the kitchen table and putting hi  feet up on it, “we can enjoy watching you demon trate the correct u e of a — whoop adai y!” “You made me do that!”  aid Ron angrily,  ucking hi  cut thumb. “You wait, when I’m  eventeen —” “I’m  ure you’ll dazzle u  all with hitherto un u pected magical  kill ,” yawned Fred. “And  peaking of hitherto un u pected  kill , Ronald,”  aid George, “what i  thi  we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called — unle  our information i  faulty — Lavender Brown?” Ron turned a little pink, but did not look di plea ed a  he turned back to the  prout . “Mind your own bu ine .” “What a  nappy retort,”  aid Fred. “I really don’t know how you think of them. No, what we wanted to know wa … how did it happen?” “What d’you mean?” “Did  he have an accident or  omething?” “What?” ..¦; “Well, how did  he  u tain  uch exten ive brain damage? Careful, now!” Mr . Wea ley entered the room ju t in time to  ee Ron throw the  prout knife at Fred, who had turned it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of hi  wand, “Ron!”  he  aid furiou ly. “Don’t you ever let me  ee you throwing knive  again!” “I wont,”  aid Ron, “let you  ee,” he added under hi  breath, a  he turned back to the  prout mountain. “Fred, George, I’m  orry, dear , but Remu  i  arriving tonight,  o Bill will have to  queeze in with you two.” ; “No problem,”  aid George. - “Then, a  Charlie i n’t coming home, that ju t leave  Harry and ;¦/ Ron in the attic, and if Fleur  hare  with Ginny —” “— that’ll make Ginny’  Chri tma  —” muttered Fred. “— everyone  hould be comfortable. Well, they’ll have a bed, anyway,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  ounding  lightly hara ed. “Percy definitely not  howing hi  ugly face, then?” a ked Fred. Mr . Wea ley turned away before  he an wered. “No, he’  bu y, I expect, at the Mini try.” “Or he’  the world’  bigge t prat,”  aid Fred, a  Mr . Wea ley left the kitchen. “One of the two. “Well, let’  get going, then, George.” “What are you two up to?” a ked Ron. “Cant you help u  with the e  prout ? You could ju t u e your wand and then we’ll be free too!” “No, I don’t think we can do that,”  aid Fred  eriou ly. “It’  very characterbuilding  tuff, learning to peel  prout  without magic, make  you appreciate how difficult it i  for Muggle  and Squib  —” “— and if you want people to help you, Ron,” added George, throwing the paper airplane at him, “I wouldn’t chuck knive  at them. Ju t a little hint. We’re off to the village, there’  a very pretty girl working in the paper  hop who think  my card trick  are  omething marvelou  . . , almo t like real magic. …” “Git ,”  aid Ron darkly, watching Fred and George  etting off acro  the  nowy yard. “Would’ve only taken them ten  econd  and then we could’ve gone too.” “I couldn’t,”  aid Harry. “I promi ed Dumbledore I wouldn’t wander off while I’m  taying here.” “Oh yeah,”  aid Ron. He peeled a few more  prout  and then  aid, “Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy  aying to each other?” “Yep,”  aid Harry. “I’m going to tell anyone who can put a  top to it, and Dumbledore’  top of the li t. I might have another word with your dad too.” “Pity you didn’t hear what Malfoy’  actually doing, though.” “I couldn’t have done, could I? That wa  the whole point, he wa  refu ing to tell Snape.” There wa   ilence for a moment or two, then Ron  aid, ” ‘Cour e, you know what they’ll all  ay? Dad and Dumbledore and all of them? They’ll  ay Snape i n’t really trying to help Malfoy, he wa  ju t trying to find out what Malfoy’  up to.” “They didn’t hear him,”  aid Harry flatly. “No one’  that good an actor, not even Snape.” “Yeah . . . I’m ju t  aying, though/’  aid Ron. Harry turned to face him, frowning. “You think I’m right, though?” , “Yeah, I do!”  aid Ron ha tily. “Seriou ly, I do! But they’re all convinced Snape’  in the Order, aren’t they?” Harry  aid nothing. It had already occurred to him that thi  would be the mo t likely objection to hi  new evidence; he could hear Hermione now: Obviou ly, Harry, he wa  pretending to offer help  o he could trick Malfoy into telling him what he’  doing. . . . Thi  wa  pure imagination, however, a  he had had no opportunity to tell Hermione what he had overheard. She had di appeared from Slughorn’  party before he returned to it, or  o he had been informed by an irate McLaggen, and  he had already gone to bed by the time he returned to the common room. A  he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day, he had barely had time to wi h her a happy Chri tma  and to tell her that he had  ome very important new  when they got back from the holiday . He wa  not entirely  ure that  he had heard him, though; Ron and Lavender had been  aying a thoroughly nonverbal goodbye ju t behind him at the time. Still, even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Malfoy wa  definitely up to  omething, and Snape knew it,  o Harry felt fully ju tified in  aying “I told you  o,” which he had done  everal time  to Ron already. Harry did not get the chance to  peak to Mr. Wea ley, who wa  working very long hour  at the Mini try, until Chri tma  Eve night. The Wea ley  and their gue t  were  itting in the living room, which Ginny had decorated  o lavi hly that it wa  rather like  itting in a paperchain explo ion. Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only one  who knew that the angel on top of the tree wa  actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle a  hr pulled up carrot  for Chri tma  dinner. Stupefied, painted gold,  tuffed into a miniature tutu and with  mall wing  glued to il.  back, it glowered down at them all, the uglie t angel Harry had ever  een, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet. They were all  uppo ed to be li tening to a Chri tma  broadca t by Mr . Wea ley  favorite  inger, Cele tina Warbeck, who e voice wa  warbling out of the large wooden wirele   et. Fleur, who  eemed to find Cele tina very dull, wa  talking  o loudly in the corner that a  cowling Mr . Wea ley kept pointing her wand at the volume control,  o that Cele tina grew louder and louder. Under cover of a particularly jazzy number called “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” Fred and George  tarted a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. Ron kept  hooting Bill and Fleur covert look , a  though hoping to pick up tip . Meanwhile, Remu  Lupin, who wa  thinner and more raggedlooking than ever, wa   itting be ide the fire,  taring into it  depth  a  though he could not hear Cele tina  voice. Oh, come and  tir my cauldron, And if you do it right, I’ll boil you up  ome hot  trong love To keep you warm tonight. “We danced to thi  when we were eighteen!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, wiping her eye  on her knitting. “Do you remember, Arthur?” “Mphf?”  aid Mr. Wea ley, who e head had been nodding over the  at uma he wa  peeling. “Oh ye  … marvelou  tune . . .” With an effort, he  at up a little  traighter and looked around at Harry, who wa   itting next to him. “Sorry about thi ,” he  aid, jerking hi  head toward the wirele  a  Cele tina broke into the choru . “Be over  oon.” “No problem,”  aid Harry, grinning. “Ha  it been bu y at the Mini try?” “Very,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “I wouldn’t mind if we were getting anywhere, but of the three arre t  we’ve made in the la t couple of month , I doubt that one of them i  a genuine Death Eater — only don’t repeat that, Harry,” he added quickly, looking much more awake all of a  udden. “They’re not  till holding Stan Shunpike, are they?” a ked Harry. “I’m afraid  o,”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “I know Dumbledore’  tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan. … I mean, anybody who ha  actually interviewed him agree  that he’  about a  much a Death Eater a  thi   at uma . . . but the top level  want to look a  though they’re making  ome progre , and ‘three arre t ’  ound  better than ‘three mi taken arre t  and relea e ’. . . but again, thi  i  all top  ecret. . . .” “I won’t  ay anything,”  aid Harry. He he itated for a moment, wondering how be t to embark on what he wanted to  ay; a  he mar haled hi  thought , Cele tina Warbeck began a ballad called “You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.” “Mr. Wea ley, you know what I told you at the  tation when we were  etting off for  chool?” “I checked, Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley at once. “I went and  earched the Malfoy ’ hou e. There wa  nothing, either broken or whole, that  houldn’t have been there.” “Yeah, I know, I  aw in the Prophet that you’d looked . . . but thi  i   omething different. . . . Well,  omething more …” And he told Mr. Wea ley everything he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape, A  Harry  poke, he  aw Lupin’  head turn a little toward him, taking in every word. When he had fini hed, there wa   ilence, except for Cele tina’  crooning. Oh, my poor heart, where ha  it gone? It’  left me for a  pell… “Ha  it occurred to you, Harry,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, “that Snape wa   imply pretending — ?” “Pretending to offer help,  o that he could find out what Malfoy’  up to?”  aid Harry quickly. “Yeah, I thought you’d  ay that. But how do we know?” “It i n’t our bu ine  to know,”  aid Lupin unexpectedly. He had turned hi  back on the fire now and faced Harry acro  Mr. Wea ley. “It’  Dumbledore’  bu ine . Dumbledore tru t  Severu , and that ought to be good enough for all of u .” “But,”  aid Harry, “ju t  ay — ju t  ay Dumbledore  wrong about Snape —” “People have  aid it, many time . It come  down to whether or not you tru t Dumbledore’  judgment. I do; therefore, I tru t Severu .” “But Dumbledore can make mi take ,” argued Harry. “He  ay  it him elf. And you” — he looked Lupin  traight in the eye — “do you hone tly like Snape?” “I neither like nor di like Severu ,”  aid Lupin. “No, Harry, I am  peaking the truth,” he added, a  Harry pulled a  keptical expre ion. “We  hall never be bo om friend , perhap ; after all that happened between Jame  and Siriu  and Severu , there i  too much bitterne  there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at Hogwart , Severu  made the Wolf bane Potion for me every month, made it perfectly,  o that I did not have to  uffer a  I u ually do at the full moon.” “But he ‘accidentally’ let it  lip that you’re a werewolf,  o you had to leave!”  aid Harry angrily. Lupin  hrugged. “The new  would have leaked out anyway. We both know he wanted my job, but he could have wreaked much wor e damage on me by tampering with the potion. He kept me healthy. I mu t be grateful.” “Maybe he didn’t dare me  with the potion with Dumbledore watching him!”  aid Harry. “You are determined to hate him, Harry,”  aid Lupin with a faint  mile. “And I under tand; with Jame  a  your father, with Siriu  a  your godfather, you have inherited an old prejudice. By all mean  tell Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me, but do not expect him to  hare your view of the matter; do not even expect him to be  urpri ed by what you tell him. It might have been on Dumbledore’  order  that Severu  que tioned Draco.” ; . . . and now you’ve torn it quite apart I’ll thank you to give back my heart! Cele tina ended her  ong on a very long, highpitched note and loud applau e i ued out of the wirele , which Mr . Wea ley joined in with enthu ia tically. “Eez eet over?”  aid Fleur loudly. “Thank goodne , what an ‘orrible —” “Shall we have a nightcap, then?” a ked Mr. Wea ley loudly, leaping to hi  feet. “Who want  eggnog?” “What have you been up to lately?” Harry a ked Lupin, a  Mr, Wea ley bu tled off to fetch the eggnog, and everybody el e  tretched and broke into conver ation. “Oh, I’ve been underground,”  aid Lupin. “Almo t literally. That’  why I haven’t been able to write, Harry;  ending letter  to you would have been  omething of a giveaway.” -: “What do you mean?” ‘ “I’ve been living among my fellow , my equal ,”  aid Lupin. “Werewolve ,” he added, at Harry  look of incomprehen ion. “Nearly all of them are on Voldemort’   ide. Dumbledore wanted a  py and here I wa  . . . readymade.” He  ounded a little bitter, and perhap  realized it, for he  miled more warmly a  he went on, “I am not complaining; it i  nece ary work and who can do it better than I? However, it ha  been difficult gaining their tru t. I bear the unmi takable  ign  of having tried to live among wizard , you  ee, wherea  they have  hunned normal  ociety and live on the margin ,  tealing — and  ometime  killing — to eat.” “How come they like Voldemort?” “They think that, under hi  rule, they will have a better life,”  aid Lupin. “And it i  hard to argue with Greyback out there. . . .” “Who’  Greyback?” “You haven’t heard of him?” Lupin’  hand  clo ed convul ively in hi  lap. “Fenrir Greyback i , perhap , the mo t  avage werewolf alive today. He regard  it a  hi  mi ion in life to bite and to contaminate a  many people a  po ible; he want  to create enough werewolve  to overcome the wizard . Voldemort ha  promi ed him prey in return for hi   ervice . Greyback  pecialize  in children. . . . Bite them young, he  ay , and rai e them away from their parent , rai e them to hate normal wizard . Voldemort ha  threatened to unlea h him upon people’   on  and daughter ; it i  a threat that u ually produce  good re ult .” Lupin pau ed and then  aid, “It wa  Greyback who bit me.” “What?”  aid Harry, a toni hed. “When — when you were a kid, you mean?” “Ye . My father had offended him. I did not know, for a very long time, the identity of the werewolf who had attacked me; I even felt pity for him, thinking that he had had no control, knowing by then how it felt to tran form. But Greyback i  not like that. At the full moon, he po ition  him elf clo e to victim , en uring that he i  near enough to  trike. He plan  it all. And thi  i  the man Voldemort i  u ing to mar hal the werewolve . I cannot pretend that my particular brand of rea oned argument i  making much headway again t Greyback’  in i tence that we werewolve  de erve blood, that we ought to revenge our elve  on normal people.” “But you are normal!”  aid Harry fiercely. “You’ve ju t got a — a problem —” Lupin bur t out laughing. “Sometime  you remind me a lot of Jame . He called it my ‘furry little problem in company. Many people were under the impre ion that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.” He accepted a gla  of eggnog from Mr. Wea ley with a word of thank , looking  lightly more cheerful, Harry, meanwhile, felt a ru h of excitement: Thi  la t mention of hi  father had reminded him that there wa   omething he had been looking forward to a king Lupin. “Have you ever heard of  omeone called the HalfBlood Prince?” “The HalfBlood what?” “Prince,”  aid Harry, watching him clo ely for  ign  of recognition. “There are no Wizarding prince ,”  aid Lupin, now  miling. “I  thi  a title you re thinking of adopting? I  hould have thought being ‘the Cho en One’ would be enough.” “It’  nothing to do with me!”  aid Harry indignantly. “The HalfBlood Prince i   omeone who u ed to go to Hogwart , I’ve got hi  old Potion  book. He wrote  pell  all over it,  pell  he invented. One of them wa  Levicorpu  —” “Oh, that one had a great vogue during my time at Hogwart ,”  aid Lupin remini cently. “There were a few month  in my fifth year when you couldn’t move for being hoi ted into the air by your ankle.” “My dad u ed it,”  aid Harry. “I  aw him in the Pen ieve, he u ed it on Snape.” He tried to  ound ca ual, a  though thi  wa  a throwaway comment of no real importance, but he wa  not  ure he had achieved the right effect; Lupin   mile wa  a little too under tanding. “Ye ,” he  aid, “but he wa n’t the only one. A  I  ay, it wa  very popular. . . . You know how the e  pell  come and go. , . .” “But it  ound  like it wa  invented while you were at  chool,” Harry per i ted. “Not nece arily,”  aid Lupin. “Jinxe  go in and out of fa hion like everything el e.” He looked into Harry’  face and then  aid quietly, “Jame  wa  a pureblood, Harry, and I promi e you, he never a ked u  to call him ‘Prince.’” Abandoning preten e, Harry  aid, “And it wa n’t Siriu ? Or you?” “Definitely not.” “Oh.” Harry  tared into the fire. “I ju t thought — well, he’  helped me out a lot in Potion  cla e , the Prince ha .” “How old i  thi  book, Harry?” “I dunno, I’ve never checked.” “Well, perhap  that will give you  ome clue a  to when the Prince wa  at Hogwart ,”  aid Lupin. Shortly after thi , Fleur decided to imitate Cele tina  inging “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” which wa  taken by everyone, once they had glimp ed Mr . Wea ley’  expre ion, to be the cue to go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Ron’  attic bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for Harry. Ron fell a leep almo t immediately, but Harry delved into hi  trunk and pulled out hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking before getting into bed. There he turned it  page ,  earching, until he finally found, at the front of the book, the date that it had been publi hed. It wa  nearly fifty year  old. Neither hi  father, nor hi  father’  friend , had been at Hogwart  fifty year  ago. Feeling di appointed, Harry threw the book back into hi  trunk, turned off the lamp, and rolled over, thinking of werewolve  and Snape, Stan Shunpike and the HalfBlood Prince, and finally falling into an unea y  leep full of creeping  hadow  and the crie  of bitten children. . . . “She’  got to be joking. . . .” Harry woke with a  tart to find a bulging  tocking lying over the end of hi  bed. He put on hi  gla e  and looked around; the tiny window wa  almo t completely ob cured with  now and, in front of it, Ron wa   itting bolt upright in bed and examining what appeared to be a thick gold chain. “What’  chat?” a ked Harry. ‘ “It  from Lavender,”  aid Ron,  ounding revolted^ “She earn hone tly think I’d wear …” Harry looked more clo ely and let out a  hout of laughter, Dan gling from the chain in large gold letter  were the word : “My  weetheart” “Nice,” he  aid. “Cla y. You  hould definitely wear it in front ol Fred and George.” “If you tell them,”  aid Ron,  hoving the necklace out of  ight under hi  pillow, “I — I — I’ll —” “Stutter at me?”  aid Harry, grinning. “Come on, would I?” “How could  he think I’d like  omething like that, though?” Ron demanded of thin air, looking rather  hocked. “Well, think back,”  aid Harry. “Have you ever let it  lip that you’d like to go out in public with the word  ‘My Sweetheart’ round your neck?” “Well… we don’t really talk much,”  aid Ron. “It’  mainly . . .” “Snogging,”  aid Harry. “Well, yeah,”  aid Ron. He he itated a moment, then  aid, “I  Hermione really going out with McLaggen?” “I dunno,”  aid Harry. “They were at Slughorn’  party together, but I don’t think it went that well.” Ron looked  lightly more cheerful a  he delved deeper into hi   tocking. Harry  pre ent  included a  weater with a large Golden Snitch worked onto the front, handknitted by Mr . Wea ley, a large box of Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze  product  from the twin , and a  lightly damp, moldy melling package that came with a label reading To Ma ter, From Kreacher, Harry  tared at it. “D’you reckon thi  i   afe to open?” he a ked. “Can’t be anything dangerou , all our mail’   till being  earched at the Mini try,” replied Ron, though he wa  eyeing the parcel  u piciou ly. “I didn’t think of giving Kreacher anything. Do people u ually give their hou eelve  Chri tma  pre ent ?” a ked Harry, prodding the parcel cautiou ly. “Hermione would,”  aid Ron. “But let’  wait and  ee what it i  before you  tart feeling guilty.” A moment later, Harry had given a loud yell and leapt out of hi  camp bed; the package contained a large number of maggot . “Nice,”  aid Ron, roaring with laughter. “Very thoughtful.” “I’d rather have them than that necklace,”  aid Harry, which  obered Ron up at once. Everybody wa  wearing new  weater  when they all  at down for Chri tma  lunch, everyone except Fleur (on whom, it appeared, Mr . Wea ley had not wanted to wa te one) and Mr . Wea ley her elf, who wa   porting a brandnew midnight blue witch’  hat glittering with what looked like tiny  tarlike diamond , and a  pectacular golden necklace. “Fred and George gave them to me! Aren’t they beautiful?” .: “Well, we find we appreciate you more and more, Mum, now we’re wa hing our own  ock ,”  aid George, waving an airy hand. “Par nip , Remu ?” “Harry, you’ve got a maggot in your hair,”  aid Ginny cheerfully, leaning acro  the table to pick it out; Harry felt goo e bump  erupt up hi  neck that had nothing to do with the maggot. “‘Ow ‘orrible,”  aid Fleur, with an affected little  hudder. “Ye , i n’t it?”  aid Ron. “Gravy, Fleur?” . In hi  eagerne  to help her, he knocked the gravy boat flying; Bill waved hi  wand and the gravy  oared up in the air and returned meekly to the boat. “You are a  bad a  zat Tonk ,”  aid Fleur to Ron, when  he had fini hed ki ing Bill in thank . “She i  alway  knocking —” “I invited dear Tonk  to come along today,”  aid Mr . Wea ley,  etting down the carrot  with unnece ary force and glaring at Fleur. “But  he wouldn’t come. Have you  poken to her lately, Remu ?” “No, I haven’t been in contact with anybody very much,”  aid Lupin. “But Tonk  ha  got her own family to go to, ha n’t  he?” “Hmmm,”  aid Mr . Wea ley. “Maybe. I got the impre ion  he wa  planning to  pend Chri tma  alone, actually.” She gave Lupin an annoyed look, a  though it wa  all hi  fault  he wa  getting Fleur for a daughterinlaw in tead of Tonk , but Harry, glancing acro  at Fleur, who wa  now feeding Bill bit  of turkey off her own fork, thought that Mr . Wea ley wa  fighting a longlo t battle. He wa , however, reminded of a que tion he had with regard to Tonk , and who better to a k than Lupin, the man who knew all about Patronu e ? “Tonk ’  Patronu  ha  changed it  form,” he told him. “Snape  aid  o anyway. I didn’t know that could happen. Why would your Patronu  change?” Lupin took hi  time chewing hi  turkey and  wallowing before  aying  lowly, “Sometime  … a great  hock … an emotional upheaval …” “It looked big, and it had four leg ,”  aid Harry,  truck by a  udden thought and lowering hi  voice. “Hey … it couldn’t be — ?” “Arthur!”  aid Mr . Wea ley  uddenly. She had ri en from her chair; her hand wa  pre ed over her heart and  he wa   taring out of the kitchen window. “Arthur — it’  Percy!” “What?” Mr. Wea ley looked around. Everybody looked quickly at the window; Ginny  tood up for a better look. There,  ure enough, wa  Percy Wea ley,  triding acro  the  nowy yard, hi  hornrimmed gla e  glinting in the  unlight. He wa  not, however, alone. “Arthur, he’  — he’  with the Mini ter!” And  ure enough, the man Harry had  een in the Daily Prophet wa  following along in Percy’  wake, limping  lightly, hi  mane of graying hair and hi  black cloak flecked with  now. Before any of , them could  ay anything, before Mr. and Mr . Wea ley could do : more than exchange  tunned look , the back door opened and there  tood Percy. There wa  a moment’  painful  ilence. Then Percy  aid rather  tiffly, “Merry Chri tma , Mother.” “Oh, Percy!”  aid Mr . Wea ley, and  he threw her elf into hi  arm . Rufu  Scrimgeour pau ed in the doorway, leaning on hi  walking  tick and  miling a  he ob erved thi  affecting  cene. “You mu t forgive thi  intru ion,” he  aid, when Mr . Wea ley looked around at him, beaming and wiping her eye . “Percy and I were in the vicinity — working, you know — and he couldn’t re i t dropping in and  eeing you all.” But Percy  howed no  ign of wanting to greet any of the re t of the family. He  tood, poker traight and awkwardlooking, and  tared over everybody el e’  head . Mr. Wea ley, Fred, and George were all ob erving him,  tonyfaced. “Plea e, come in,  it down, Mini ter!” fluttered Mr . Wea ley,  traightening her hat. Have a little purkey, or  ome tooding. … 1 ‘. mean —” “No, no, my dear Molly,”  aid Scrimgeour. Harry gue ed that he had checked her name with Percy before they entered the hou e. “I don’t want to intrude, wouldn’t be here at all if Percy hadn’t wanted to  ee you all  o badly. . . .” “Oh, Perce!”  aid Mr . Wea ley tearfully, reaching up to ki  him. “. , . We’ve only looked in for five minute ,  o I’ll have a  troll around the yard while you catch up with Percy. No, no, I a ure you I don’t want to butt in! Well, if anybody cared to  how me your charming garden . . . Ah, that young man’  fini hed, why doe n’t he take a  troll with me?” The atmo phere around the table changed perceptibly. Everybody looked from Scrimgeour to Harry. Nobody  eemed to find Scrimgeour’  preten e that he did not know Harry’  name convincing, or find it natural that he  hould be cho en to accompany the Mini ter around the garden when Ginny, Fleur, and George al o had clean plate . “Yeah, all right,”  aid Harry into the  ilence. He wa  not fooled; for all Scrimgeour’  talk that they had ju t been in the area, that Percy wanted to look up hi  family, thi  mu t be the real rea on that they had come,  o that Scrimgeour could  peak to Harry alone. “It’  fine,” he  aid quietly, a  he pa ed Lupin, who had half ri en from hi  chair. “Fine,” he added, a  Mr. Wea ley opened hi  mouth to  peak. “Wonderful!”  aid Scrimgeour,  tanding back to let Harry pa  through the door ahead of him. “We’ll ju t take a turn around the garden, and Percy and I’ll be off. Carry on, everyone!” Harry walked acro  the yard toward the Wea ley ’ overgrown,  nowcovered garden, Scrimgeour limping  lightly at hi   ide. He had, Harry knew, been Head of the Auror office; he looked tough and battle carred, very different from portly Fudge in hi  bowler hat. “Charming,”  aid Scrimgeour,  topping at the garden fence and looking out over the  nowy lawn and the indi tingui hable plant . “Charming.” Harry  aid nothing. He could tell that Scrimgeour wa  watching him. “I’ve wanted to meet you for a very long time,”  aid Scrimgeour, after a few moment . “Did you know that?” “No,”  aid Harry truthfully. ¦!. “Oh ye , for a very long time. But Dumbledore ha  been very protective of you,”  aid Scrimgeour. “Natural, of cour e, natural, after what you’ve been through. . . . E pecially what happened at : the Mini try …”: He waited for Harry to  ay  omething, but Harry did not oblige, :  o he went on, “I have been hoping for an occa ion to talk to you ever  ince I gained office, but Dumbledore ha  — mo t under tandably, a  I  ay — prevented thi .” Still, Harry  aid nothing, waiting. “The rumor  that have flown around!”  aid Scrimgeour. “Well, of cour e, we both know how the e  torie  get di torted … all the e whi per  of a prophecy . . . of you being ‘the Cho en One’. . .” They were getting near it now, Harry thought, the rea on Scrimgeour wa  here. “I a ume that Dumbledore ha  di cu ed the e matter  with you?”, Harry deliberated, wondering whether he ought to lie or not. He looked at the little gnome print  all around the flowerbed , ami the  cuffedup patch that marked the  pot where Fred had caught the gnome now wearing the tutu at the top of the Chri tma  tree. Finally, he decided on the truth … or a bit of it. “Yeah, we’ve di cu ed it.” “Have you, have you . . .”  aid Scrimgeour. Harry could  ee, out of the corner of hi  eye, Scrimgeour  quinting at him,  o he pretended to be very intere ted in a gnome that had ju t poked it  head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron. “And what ha  Dumbledore told you, Harry?” “Sorry, but that’  between u ,”  aid Harry. He kept hi  voice a  plea ant a  he could, and Scrimgeour’  tone, too, wa  light and friendly a  he  aid, “Oh, of cour e, if it’  a que tion of confidence , I wouldn’t want you to divulge . . . no, no … and in any ca e, doe  it really matter whether you are ‘the Cho en One’ or not?” Harry had to mull that one over for a few  econd  before re ponding. “I don’t really know what you mean, Mini ter.” “Well, of cour e, to you it will matter enormou ly,”  aid Scrimgeour with a laugh. “But to the Wizarding community at large . . . it’  all perception, i n’t it? It’  what people believe that’  important.” Harry  aid nothing. He thought he  aw, dimly, where they were heading, but he wa  not going to help Scrimgeour get there. The gnome under the rhododendron wa  now digging for worm  at it  root , and Harry kept hi  eye  fixed upon it. “People believe you are ‘the Cho en One,’ you  ee,”  aid Scrimgeour. “They think you quite the hero — which, of cour e, you arc, Harry, cho en or not! How many time  have you faced HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed now? Well, anyway,” he pre ed on, without waiting for a reply, “the point i , you are a  ymbol of hope lor many, Harry. The idea that there i   omebody out there who might be able, who might even be de tined, to de troy HeWhoMu tNotBeNamed — well, naturally, it give  people a lift. And I can’t help but feel that, once you realize thi , you might con ider it, well, almo t a duty, to  tand along ide the Mini try, and give everyone a boo t.” The gnome had ju t managed to get hold of a worm. It wa  now tugging very hard on it, trying to get it out of the frozen ground. Harry wa   ilent  o long that Scrimgeour  aid, looking from Harry to the gnome, “Funny little chap , aren’t they? But what  ay you, Harry?” “I don’t exactly under tand what you want,”  aid Harry  lowly. ‘”Stand along ide the Mini try’ . . . What doe  that mean?” “Oh, well, nothing at all onerou , I a ure you,”  aid Scrimgeour. “If you were to be  een popping in and out of the Mini try from time to time, for in tance, that would give the right impre ion. And of cour e, while you were there, you would have ample : opportunity to  peak to Gawain Robard , my  ucce or a  Head of the Auror office. Dolore  Umbridge ha  told me that you cheri h an ambition to become an Auror. Well, that could be arranged very ea ily. …” Harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of hi   tomach: So Dolore  Umbridge wa   till at the Mini try, wa   he? “So ba ically,” he  aid, a  though he ju t wanted to clarify a few point , “you’d like to give the impre ion that I’m working for the Mini try?” “It would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved, Harry,”  aid Scrimgeour,  ounding relieved that Harry had cottoned on  o quickly. “‘The Cho en One,’ you know. . . It’  all about giving people hope, the feeling that exciting thing  are happening. …” “But if I keep running in and out of the Mini try,”  aid Harry,  till endeavoring to keep hi  voice friendly, “won’t that  eem a  though I approve of what the Mini try’  up to?” “Well,”  aid Scrimgeour, frowning  lightly, “well, ye , that’  partly why we’d like —” “No, I don’t think that’ll work,”  aid Harry plea antly. “You  ee, I don’t like  ome of the thing  the Mini try’  doing. Locking up Stan Shunpike, for in tance.” Scrimgeour did not  peak for a moment but hi  expre ion hardened in tantly. “I would not expect you to under tand,” he  aid, and he wa  not a   ucce ful at keeping anger out of hi  voice a  Harry had been. “The e are dangerou  time , and certain mea ure  need to be taken. You are  ixteen year  old —” “Dumbledore’  a lot older than  ixteen, and he doe n’t think Stan  hould be in Azkaban either,”  aid Harry. “You’re making Stan a  capegoat, ju t like you want to make me a ma cot.” They looked at each other, long and hard. Finally Scrimgeour  aid, with no preten e at warmth, “I  ee. You prefer — like your hero, Dumbledore — to di a ociate your elf from the Mini try?” “I don’t want to be u ed,”  aid Harry. “Some would  ay it’  your duty to be u ed by the Mini try!” “Yeah, and other  might  ay it  your duty to check that people really are Death Eater  before you chuck them in pri on,”  aid Harry, hi  temper ri ing now. “You’re doing what Barty Crouch did. You never get it right, you people, do you? Either we’ve got Fudge, pretending everything’  lovely while people get murdered right under hi  no e, or we’ve got you, chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend you’ve got ‘the Cho en One’ working for you!” ‘ i “So you’re not ‘the Cho en One’?”  aid Scrimgeour. ‘ “I thought you  aid it didn’t matter either way?”  aid Harry, with a bitter laugh. “Not to you anyway.” “I  houldn’t have  aid that,”  aid Scrimgeour quickly. “It wa  tactle  —” “No, it wa  hone t,”  aid Harry. “One of the only hone t thing  you’ve  aid to me. You don’t care whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you convince everyone you’re winning the war again t Voldemort. I haven’t forgotten, Mini ter….” He rai ed hi  right fi t. There,  hining white on the back of hi  cold hand, were the  car  which Dolore  Umbridge had forced him to carve into hi  own fle h: I mu t not tell lie . “I don’t remember you ru hing to my defen e when I wa  trying to tell everyone Voldemort wa  back. The Mini try wa n’t  o keen to be pal  la t year.” They  tood in  ilence a  icy a  the ground beneath their feet. The gnome had finally managed to extricate hi  worm and wa  now  ucking on it happily, leaning again t the bottommo t branche  of the rhododendron bu h. “What i  Dumbledore up to?”  aid Scrimgeour bru quely. “Where doe  he go when he i  ab ent from Hogwart ?” “No idea,”  aid Harry. “And you wouldn’t tell me if you knew,”  aid Scrimgeour, “would you?” “No, 1 wouldn’t,”  aid Harry. “Well, then, I  hall have to  ee whether I can’t find out by other mean .” “You can try,”  aid Harry indifferently. “But you  eem cleverer than Fudge,  o I’d have thought you’d have learned from hi  mi take . He tried interfering at Hogwart . You might have noticed he’  not Mini ter anymore, but Dumbledore’   till headma ter. I’d leave Dumbledore alone, if I were you.” There wa  a long pau e. “Well, it i  clear to me that he ha  done a very good job on you,”  aid Scrimgeour, hi  eye  cold and hard behind hi  wirerimmed gla e , “Dumbledore’  man through and through, aren’t you, Potter?” “Yeah, I am,”  aid Harry. “Glad we  traightened that out.” And turning hi  back on the Mini ter of Magic, he  trode back toward the hou e. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 17: A Sluggi h Memory Late in the afternoon, a few day  after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up be ide the kitchen fire to return to Hogwart . The Mini try had arranged thi  oneoff connection to the Floo Network to return  tudent  quickly and  afely to the  chool. Only Mr . Wea ley wa  there to  ay goodbye, a  Mr. Wea ley, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Mr . Wea ley di olved into tear  at the moment of parting. Admittedly, it took very little to  et her off lately;  he had been crying on and off ever  ince Percy had  tormed from the hou e on Chri tma  Day with hi  gla e   plattered with ma hed par nip (for which Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit). “Don’t cry, Mum,”  aid Ginny, patting her on the back a  Mr . Wea ley  obbed into her  houlder. “It’  okay. …” “Yeah, don’t worry about u ,”  aid Ron, permitting hi  mother to plant a very wet ki  on hi  cheek, “or about Percy. He’   uch a prat, it’  not really a lo , i  it?” Mr . Wea ley  obbed harder than ever a   he enfolded Harry in her arm . “Promi e me you’ll look after your elf.. .. Stay out of trouble. …” “I alway  do, Mr . Wea ley,”  aid Harry. “I like a quiet life, you know me.” She gave a watery chuckle and  tood back. “Be good, then, all of you. …” Harry  tepped into the emerald fire and  houted “Hogwart !” He had one la t fleeting view of the Wea ley ’ kitchen and Mr . Wea ley’  tearful face before the flame  engulfed him;  pinning very fa t, he caught blurred glimp e  of other Wizarding room , which were whipped out of  ight before he could get a proper look; then he wa   lowing down, finally  topping  quarely in the fireplace in Profe or McGonagall’  office. She barely glanced up from her work a  he clambered out over the grate. “Evening, Potter. Try not to get too much a h on the carpet.” “No, Profe or.” Harry  traightened hi  gla e  and flattened hi  hair a  Ron came  pinning into view. When Ginny had arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagall’  office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. Harry glanced out of the corridor window  a  they pa ed; the  un wa  already  inking over ground  carpeted in deeper  now than had lain over the Burrow garden. In the di tance, he could  ee Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of hi  cabin. “Bauble ,”  aid Ron confidently, when they reached the Fat Lady, who wa  looking rather paler than u ual and winced at hi  loud voice. “No,”  he  aid. “What d’you mean, ‘no’ ? “There i  a new pa word,”  he  aid. “And plea e don’t  hout.” “But we’ve been away, how’re we  uppo ed to — ?” “Harry! Ginny!” Hermione wa  hurrying toward them, very pinkfaced and wearing a cloak, hat, and glove . “I got back a couple of hour  ago, I’ve ju t been down to vi it Hagrid and Buck — I mean Witherwing ,”  he  aid breathle ly. “Did you have a good Chri tma ?” “Yeah,”  aid Ron at once, “pretty eventful, Rufu  Scrim —” ] “I’ve got  omething for you, Harry,”  aid Hermione, neither looking at Ron nor giving any  ign that  he had heard him. “Oh, hang on — pa word. Ab tinence.” “Preci ely,”  aid the Fat Lady in a feeble voice, and  wung forward to reveal the portrait hole. “What’  up with her?” a ked Harry. “Overindulged over Chri tma , apparently,”  aid Hermione, rolling her eye  a   he led the way into the packed common room. “She and her friend Violet drank their way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monk  down by the Charm  corridor. Anyway…” She rummaged in her pocket for a moment, then pulled out a  croll of parchment with Dumbledore’  writing on it. “Great,”  aid Harry, unrolling it at once to di cover that hi  next le on with Dumbledore wa   cheduled for the following night. “I’ve got load  to tell him — and you. Let’   it down —” But at that moment there wa  a loud  queal of “WonWon!” and Lavender Brown came hurtling out of nowhere and flung her elf into Ron’  arm . Several onlooker   niggered; Hermione gave a tinkling laugh and  aid, “There’  a cable over here… Coming. Ginny?” “No, thank , I  aid I’d meet Dean,”  aid Ginny, though Harry could not help noticing that  he did not  ound very enthu ia tic. Leaving Ron and Lavender locked in a kind of vertical wre tling, match, Harry led Hermione over to the  pare table. “So how wa  your Chri tma ?” “Oh, fine,”  he  hrugged. “Nothing  pecial. How wa  it at WonWon’ ?” “I’ll tell you in a minute,”  aid Harry. “Look, Hermione, can’t you —” “No, I can’t,”  he  aid flatly. “So don’t even a k.” “I thought maybe, you know, over Chri tma  —” “It wa  the Fat Lady who drank a vat of fivehundredyearold wine, Harry, not me. So what wa  thi  important new  you wanted to tell me?” She looked too fierce to argue with at that moment,  o Harry dropped the  ubject of Ron and recounted all that he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. When he had fini hed, Hermione  at in thought for a moment and then  aid, “Don’t you think — ?” “— he wa  pretending to offer help  o that he could trick Malfoy into telling him what he’  doing?” “Well, ye ,”  aid Hermione. “Ron’  dad and Lupin think  o,” Harry  aid grudgingly. “But thi  definitely prove  Malfoy’  planning  omething, you can’t deny that.” “No, I can’t,”  he an wered  lowly. “And he’  acting on Voldemort’  order , ju t like I  aid!” “Hmm .. . did either of them actually mention Voldemort’  name?” Harry frowned, trying to remember. “I’m not  ure … Snape definitely  aid ‘your ma ter,’ and who el e would that be?” “I don’t know,”  aid Hermione, biting her lip. “Maybe hi  father?” She  tared acro  the room, apparently lo t in thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. “How’  Lupin?” “Not great,”  aid Harry, and he told her all about Lupin’  mi ion among the werewolve  and the difficultie  he wa  facing. “Have you heard of thi  Fenrir Greyback?” “Ye , I have!”  aid Hermione,  ounding  tartled. “And  o have you, Harry!” “When, Hi tory of Magic? You know full well I never li tened …” “No, no, not Hi tory of Magic — Malfoy threatened Borgin with Kim!”  aid Hermione. “Back in Knockturn Alley, don’t you remember? He told Borgin that Greyback wa  an old family friend and that he’d be checking up on Borgin’  progre !” Harry gaped at her. “I forgot! But thi  prove  Malfoy   a Death Eater, how el e could he be in contact with Greyback and telling him what to do?” “It i  pretty  u piciou ,” breathed Hermione. “Unle  . . .” “Oh, come on,”  aid Harry in exa peration, “you can’t get round thi  one!” “Well . . . there i  the po ibility it wa  an empty threat.” “You’re unbelievable, you are,”  aid Harry,  haking hi  head. “We’ll  ee who’  right. . . . You’ll be eating your word , Hermione, ju t like the Mini try. Oh yeah, 1 had a row with Rufu  Scrimgeour a  well. . . .” And the re t of the evening pa ed amicably with both of them abu ing the Mini ter of Magic, for Hermione, like Ron, thought that after all the Mini try had put Harry through the previou  year, they had a great deal of nerve a king him for help now. The new term  tarted next morning with a plea ant  urpri e for the  ixth year : a large  ign had been pinned to the common room notice board  overnight. APPARITION LESSONS If you are  eventeen year  of age, or will turn  eventeen on or before the 31 t Augu t next, you are eligible for a twelveweek cour e of Apparition Le on  from a Mini try of Magic Apparition in tructor. Plea e  ign below if you would like to participate. Co t: 12 Galleon . Harry and Ron joined the crowd that wa  jo tling around the notice and taking it in turn  to write their name  at the bottom. Ron wa  ju t taking out hi  quill to  ign after Hermione when Lavender crept up behind him,  lipped her hand  over hi  eye , and trilled, “Gue  who, WonWon?” Harry turned to  ee Hermione  talking off; he caught up with her, having no wi h to  tay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to hi   urpri e, Ron caught up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole, hi  ear  bright red and hi  expre ion di gruntled. Without a word, Hermione  ped up to walk with Neville. “So — Apparition,”  aid Ron, hi  tone making it perfectly plain that Harry wa  not to mention what had ju t happened. “Should be a laugh, eh?” “I dunno,”  aid Harry. “Maybe it’  better when you do it your elf, I didn’t enjoy it much when Dumbledore took me along for the ride.” “I forgot you’d already done it. … I’d better pa  my te t fir t time,”  aid Ron, looking anxiou . “Fred and George did,” “Charlie failed, though, didn’t he?” “Yeah, but Charlie’  bigger than me” — Ron held hi  arm  out from hi  body a  though he wa  a gorilla — “ o Fred and George didn’t go on about it much . . . not to hi  face anyway . . .” “When can we take the actual te t?” “Soon a  we’re  eventeen. That’  only March for me!” “Yeah, but you wouldn’t be able to Apparate in here, not in the ca tle . . .” “Not the point, i  it? Everyone would know I could Apparate if I wanted.” Ron wa  not the only one to be excited at the pro pect of Apparition. All that day there wa  much talk about the forthcoming , le on ; a great deal of  tore wa   et by being able to vani h and reappear at will. “How cool will it be when we can ju t —” Seamu  clicked hi  ringer  to indicate di appearance. “Me cou in Fergu  doe  it ju t to annoy me, you wait till I can do it back. . . He’ll never have another peaceful moment. . . .” Lo t in vi ion  of thi  happy pro pect, he flicked hi  wand a little too enthu ia tically,  o that in tead of producing the fountain of pure water that wa  the object of today’  Charm  le on, he let out a ho elike jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked Profe or Flitwick flat on hi  face. “Harry’  already Apparated,” Ron told a  lightly aba hed Seamu , after Profe or Flitwick had dried him elf off with a wave of hi  wand and  et Seamu  line : “I am a wizard, not a baboon brandi hing a  tick.” “Dum — er —  omeone took him. SideAlongApparition, you know.” “Whoa!” whi pered Seamu , and he, Dean, and Neville put their head  a little clo er to hear what Apparition felt like. For the re t of the day, Harry wa  be ieged with reque t  from the other  ixth year  to de cribe the  en ation of Apparition. All of them  eemed awed, rather than put off, when he told them how uncomfortable it wa , and he wa   till an wering detailed que tion  at ten to eight that evening, when he wa  forced to lie and  ay that he needed to return a book to the library,  o a  to e cape in time for hi  le on with Dumbledore. The lamp  in Dumbledore’  office were lit, the portrait  of previou  headma ter  were  noring gently in their frame , and the Pen ieve wa  ready upon the de k once more. Dumbledore’  hand  lay on either  ide of it, the right one a  blackened and burntlooking a  ever. It did not  eem to have healed at all and Harry wondered, for perhap  the hundredth time, what had cau ed  uch a di tinctive injury, but did not a k; Dumbledore had  aid that he would know eventually and there wa , in any ca e, another  ubject he wanted to di cu . But before Harry could  ay anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore  poke. “I hear that you met the Mini ter of Magic over Chri tma ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “He’  not very happy with me.” “No,”  ighed Dumbledore. “He i  not very happy with me either. We mu t try not to  ink beneath our angui h, Harry, but battle on.” Harry grinned. “He wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that the Mini try’  doing a wonderful job.’ Dumbledore  miled. “It wa  Fudge’  idea originally, you know. During hi  la t day  in office, when he wa  trying de perately to cling to hi  po t, he  ought a meeting with you, hoping that you would give him your  upport —” “After everything Fudge did la t year?”  aid Harry angrily. “After Umbridge ?” “I told Corneliu  there wa  no chance of it, but the idea did not die when he left: office. Within hour  of Scrimgeour’  appointment we met and he demanded that I arrange a meeting with you —” “So that’  why you argued!” Harry blurted out. “It wa  in the Daily Prophet”‘ “The Prophet i  bound to report the truth occa ionally,”  aid Dumbledore, “if only accidentally. Ye , that wa  why we argued. Well, it appear  that Rufu  found a way to corner you at la t.” “He accu ed me of being ‘Dumbledore’  man through and through.’” “How very rude of him.” “I told him I wa .” Dumbledore opened hi  mouth to  peak and then clo ed it again. Behind Harry, Fawke  the phoenix let out a low,  oft, mu ical cry. To Harry’  inten e embarra ment, he  uddenly realized that Dumbledore’  bright blue eye  looked rather watery, ami  tared ha tily at hi  own knee . When Dumbledore  poke, however, hi  voice wa  quite  teady. “I am very touched, Harry.” “Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when you’re not at Hogwart ,”  aid Harry,  till looking fixedly at hi  knee . “Ye , he i  very no y about that,”  aid Dumbledore, now  ounding cheerful, and Harry thought it  afe to look up again. “He ha  even attempted to have me followed. Amu ing, really. He  et Dawli h to tail me. It wa n’t kind. I have already been forced to jinx Dawli h once; I did it again with the greate t regret.” “So they  till don’t know where you go?” a ked Harry, hoping for more information on thi  intriguing  ubject, but Dumbledore merely  miled over the top of hi  halfmoon  pectacle . “No, they don’t, and the time i  not quite right for you to know either. Now, I  ugge t we pre  on, unle  there’  anything el e — ?” “There i , actually,  ir,”  aid Harry. “It’  about Malfoy and Snape.” “Profe or Snape, Harry.” “Ye ,  ir. I overheard them during Profe or Slughorn  party . . . well, I followed them, actually. …” Dumbledore li tened to Harry’   tory with an impa ive face. When Harry had fini hed he did not  peak for a few moment , then  aid, “Thank you for telling me thi , Harry, but I  ugge t that you put it out of your mind. I do not think that it i  of great importance.” “Not of great importance?” repeated Harry incredulou ly. “Profe or, did you under tand — ?” “Ye , Harry, ble ed a  I am with extraordinary brainpower, I under tood everything you told me,”  aid Dumbledore, a little  harply. “I think you might even con ider the po ibility that I under tood more than you did. Again, I am glad that you have conlided in me, but let me rea ure you that you have not told me anything that cau e  me di quiet.” Harry  at in  eething  ilence, glaring at Dumbledore. What wa  going on? Did thi  mean that Dumbledore had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy wa  doing, in which ca e he had already heard everything Harry had ju t told him from Snape? Or wa  he really worried by what he had heard, but pretending not to be? “So,  ir,”  aid Harry, in what he hoped wa  a polite, calm voice, “you definitely  till tru t — ?” “I have been tolerant enough to an wer that que tion already,”  aid Dumbledore, but he did not  ound very tolerant anymore. “My an wer ha  not changed.” “I  hould think not,”  aid a  nide voice; Phinea  Nigellu  wa  evidently only pretending to be a leep. Dumbledore ignored him. “And now, Harry, I mu t in i t that we pre  on. I have more important thing  to di cu  with you thi  evening.” Harry  at there feeling mutinou . How would it be if he refu ed to permit the change of  ubject, if he in i ted upon arguing the ca e again t Malfoy? A  though he had read Harry’  mind, Dumbledore  hook hi  head. “Ah, Harry, how often thi  happen , even between the be t of friend ! Each of u  believe  that what he ha  to  ay i  much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!” “I don’t think what you’ve got to  ay i  unimportant,  ir,”  aid Harry  tiffly. “Well, you are quite right, becau e it i  not,”  aid Dumbledore bri kly. “I have two more memorie  to  how you thi  evening, both obtained with enormou  difficulty, and the  econd of them i , 1 think, the mo t important I have collected.” Harry did not  ay anything to thi ; he  till felt angry at the reception hi  confidence  had received, but could not  ee what wa  to be gained by arguing further. “So,”  aid Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, “we meet thi  evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left la t le on poi ed on the thre hold of hi  year  at Hogwart . You will remember how excited he wa  to hear that he wa  a wizard, that he refu ed my company on a trip to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, warned him again t continued thievery when he arrived at  chool. “Well, the  tart of the  chool year arrived and with it came Tom Riddle, a quiet boy in hi   econdhand robe , who lined up with the other fir t year  to be  orted. He wa  placed in Slytherin Hou e almo t the moment that the Sorting Hat touched hi  head,” continued Dumbledore, waving hi  blackened hand toward the  helf over hi  head where the Sorting Hat  at, ancient and unmoving. “How  oon Riddle learned that the famou  founder of the Hou e could talk to  nake , I do not know — perhap  that very evening. The knowledge can only have excited him and increa ed hi   en e of  elfimportance. “However, if he wa  frightening or impre ing fellow Slytherin  with di play  of Par eltongue in their common room, no hint of it reached the  taff. He  howed no  ign of outward arrogance or aggre ion at all. A  an unu ually talented and very goodlooking orphan, he naturally drew attention and  ympathy from the  taff almo t from the moment of hi  arrival. He  eemed police, quiet, and thir ty for knowledge. Nearly all were mo t favorably impre ed by him.” “Didn’t you tell them,  ir, what he’d been like when you met him at the orphanage?” a ked Harry. “No, I did not. Though he had  hown no hint of remor e, it wa  po ible that he felt  orry for how he had behaved before and wa  re olved to turn over a fre h leaf. I cho e to give him that chance.” Dumbledore pau ed and looked inquiringly at Harry, who had opened hi  mouth to  peak. Here, again, wa  Dumbledore’  tendency to tru t people in  pite of overwhelming evidence that they did not de erve it! But then Harry remembered  omething. . . . “But you didn’t really tru t him,  ir, did you? He told me . . . the Riddle who came out of that diary  aid, ‘Dumbledore never  eemed to like me a  much a  the other teacher  did.’” “Let u   ay that I did not take it for granted that he wa  tru tworthy,”  aid Dumbledore. “I had, a  I have already indicated, re olved to keep a clo e eye upon him, and  o I did. I cannot pretend that I gleaned a great deal from my ob ervation  at fir t. He wa  very guarded with me; he felt, I am  ure, that in the thrill of di covering hi  true identity he had told me a little too much. He wa  careful never to reveal a  much again, but he could not take back what he had let  lip in hi  excitement, nor what Mr . Cole had confided in me. However, he had the  en e never to try and charm me a  he charmed  o many of my colleague . “A  he moved up the  chool, he gathered about him a group of dedicated friend ; I call them that, for want of a better term, although a  I have already indicated, Riddle undoubtedly felt no affection for any of them. Thi  group had a kind of dark glamour within the ca tle. They were a motley collection; a mixture of the weak  eeking protection, the ambitiou   eeking  ome  hared glory, and the thuggi h gravitating toward a leader who could  how them more refined form  of cruelty. In other word , they were the forerunner  of the Death Eater , and indeed  ome of them became the fir t Death Eater  after leaving Hogwart . “Rigidly controlled by Riddle, they were never detected in open wrongdoing, although their  even year  at Hogwart  were marked by a number of na ty incident  to which they were never  ati factorily linked, the mo t  eriou  of which wa , of cour e, the opening of the Chamber of Secret , which re ulted in the death of a girl. A  you know, Hagrid wa  wrongly accu ed of that crime. “I have not been able to find many memorie  of Riddle at Hogwart ,”  aid Dumbledore, placing hi  withered hand on the Pen ieve. “Few who knew him then are prepared to talk about him; they are too terrified. What I know, I found out after he had left Hogwart , after much pain taking effort, after tracing tho e few who could be tricked into  peaking, after  earching old record  and que tioning Muggle and wizard witne e  alike. “Tho e whom I could per uade to talk told me that Riddle wa  ob e ed with hi  parentage. Thi  i  under tandable, of cour e; he had grown up in an orphanage and naturally wi hed to know how he came to be there. It  eem  that he  earched in vain for  ome trace of Tom Riddle  enior on the  hield  in the trophy room, on the li t  of prefect  in the old  chool record , even in the book  of Wizarding hi tory. Finally he wa  forced to accept that hi  father had never  et foot in Hogwart . I believe that it wa  then that he dropped the name forever, a umed the identity of Lord Voldemort, and began hi  inve tigation  into hi  previou ly de pi ed mother’  family — the woman whom, you will remember, he had thought could not be a witch if  he had  uccumbed to the  hameful human weakne  of death. “All he had to go upon wa  the  ingle name ‘Marvolo,’ which he knew from tho e who ran the orphanage had been hi  mother’  father’  name. Finally, after pain taking re earch, through old book  of Wizarding familie , he di covered the exi tence of Slytherin’   urviving line. In the  ummer of hi   ixteenth year, he left the orphanage to which he returned annually and  et off to find hi  Gaunt relative . And now, Harry, if you will  tand …” : Dumbledore ro e, and Harry  aw that he wa  again holding a.  mall cry tal bottle filled with  wirling, pearly memory. “I wa  very lucky to collect thi ,” he  aid, a  he poured the gleaming ma  into the Pen ieve. “A  you will under tand when we have experienced it. Shall we?” Harry  tepped up to the  tone ba in and bowed obediently until hi  face  ank through the  urface of the memory; he felt the familiar  en ation of falling through nothingne  and then landed upon a dirty  tone floor in almo t total darkne . It took him  everal  econd  to recognize the place, by which time Dumbledore had landed be ide him. The Gaunt ’ hou e wa  now more inde cribably filthy than anywhere Harry had ever  een. The ceiling wa  thick with cobweb , the floor coated in grime; moldy and rotting food lay upon the table amid t a ma  of cru ted pot . The only light came from a  ingle guttering candle placed at the feet of a man with hair and beard  o overgrown Harry could  ee neither eye  nor mouth. He wa   lumped in an armchair by the fire, and Harry wondered for a moment whether he wa  dead. But then there came a loud knock on the door and the man jerked awake, rai ing a wand in hi  right hand and a  hort knife in hi  left. The door creaked open. There on the thre hold, holding an oldfa hioned lamp,  tood a boy Harry recognized at once: tall, pale, darkhaired, and hand ome — the teenage Voldemort. Voldemort’  eye  moved  lowly around the hovel and then found the man in the armchair. For a few  econd  they looked at each other, then the man  taggered upright, the many empty bottle  at hi  feet clattering and tinkling acro  the floor. “YOU!” he bellowed. “YOU!” And he hurtled drunkenly at Riddle, wand and knife held aloft. “Stop.” Riddle  poke in Par eltongue. The man  kidded into the table,  ending moldy pot  cra hing to the floor. He  tared at Riddle. There wa  a long  ilence while they contemplated each other. The man broke it. “You  peak it?” “Ye , I  peak it,”  aid Riddle. He moved forward into the room, allowing the door to  wing  hut behind him. Harry could not help but feel a re entful admiration for Voldemort’  complete lack of fear. Hi  race merely expre ed di gu t and, perhap , di appointment. “Where i  Marvolo?” he a ked. “Dead,”  aid the other. “Died year  ago, didn’t he?” Riddle frowned. “Who are you, then?” “I’m Morfin, ain’t I?” “Marvolo’   on?” “‘Cour e I am, then…” • ,, . Morfin pu hed the hair out of hi  dirty face, the better to  ee Riddle, and Harry  aw that he wore Marvolo’  black toned ring on hi  right hand. “I thought you wa  that Muggle,” whi pered Morfin. “You look mighty like that Muggle.” “What Muggle?”  aid Riddle  harply. “That Muggle what my  i ter took a fancy to, that Muggle what live  in the big hou e over the way,”  aid Morfin, and he  pat unexpectedly upon the floor between them. “You look right like him. Riddle. But he’  older now, in ‘e? He’  older’n you, now I think on it. …” Morfin looked  lightly dazed and  wayed a little,  till clutching the edge of the table for  upport. “He come back,  ee,” he added  tupidly. Voldemort wa  gazing at Morfin a  though apprai ing hi  po ibilitie . Now he moved a little clo er and  aid, “Riddle came back?” “Ar, he left her, and  erve her right, marrying filth!”  aid Morfin,  pitting on the floor again. “Robbed u , mind, before  he ran off. , Where’  the locket, eh, where’  Slytherin’  locket?” Voldemort did not an wer. Morfin wa  working him elf into a rage again; he brandi hed hi  knife and  houted, “Di honored u , ,  he did, that little  lut! And whore you, coming here and a king que tion  about all that? It’  over, innit. . . . It’  over. …” He looked away,  taggering  lightly, and Voldemort moved forward. A  he did  o, an unnatural darkne  fell, extingui hing Voldemort’  lamp and Morfin’  candle, extingui hing everything. . . . Dumbledore’  finger  clo ed tightly around Harry’  arm and they were  oaring back into the pre ent again. The  oft golden light in Dumbledore’  office  eemed to dazzle Harry’  eye  after that impenetrable darkne . “I  that all?”  aid Harry at once. “Why did it go dark, what happened?” “Becau e Morfin could not remember anything from that point onward,”  aid Dumbledore, ge turing Harry back into hi   eat. “When he awoke next morning, he wa  lying on the floor, quite alone. Marvolo’  ring had gone. “Meanwhile, in the village of Little Hangleton, a maid wa  running along the High Street,  creaming that there were three bodie  lying in the drawing room of the big hou e: Tom Riddle Senior and hi  mother and father. “The Muggle authoritie  were perplexed. A  far a  I am aware, they do not know to thi  day how the Riddle  died, for the Avadu Kedavra cur e doe  not u ually leave any  ign of damage. . . . The exception  it  before me,” Dumbledore added, with a nod to Harry’   car. “The Mini try, on the other hand, knew at once that thi  wa  a wizard’  murder. They al o knew that a convicted Mugglehater lived acro  the valley from the Riddle hou e, a Mugglehater who had already been impri oned once for attacking one of the murdered people. “So the Mini try called upon Morfin. They did not need to que tion him, to u e Verita erum or Legilimency. He admitted to the murder on the  pot, giving detail  only the murderer could know. He wa  proud, he  aid, to have killed the Muggle , had been awaiting hi  chance all the e year . He handed over hi  wand, which wa  proved at once to have been u ed to kill the Riddle . And he permitted him elf to be led off to Azkaban without a fight. All that di turbed him wa  the fact that hi  father  ring had di appeared. ‘He’ll kill me for lo ing it,’ he told hi  captor  over and over again. ‘He’ll kill me for lo ing hi  ring.’ And that, apparently, wa  all he ever  aid again. He lived out the remainder of hi  life in Azkaban, lamenting the lo  of Marvolo’  la t heirloom, and i  buried be ide the pri on, along ide the other poor  oul  who have expired within it  wall .” “So Voldemort  tole Morfin’  wand and u ed it?”  aid Harry,  itting up  traight. “That’  right,”  aid Dumbledore. “We have no memorie  to  how u  thi , but I think we can be fairly  ure what happened. Voldemort Stupefied hi  uncle, took hi  wand, and proceeded acro  the valley to ‘the big hou e over the way.’ There he murdered the Muggle man who had abandoned hi  witch mother, and, for good mea ure, hi  Muggle grandparent , thu  obliterating the la t of the unworthy Riddle line and revenging him elf upon the father who never wanted him. Then he returned to the Gaunt hovel, performed the complex bit of magic that would implant a fal e memory in hi  uncle’  mind, laid Morfin’  wand be ide it  uncon ciou  owner, pocketed the ancient ring he wore, and departed.” “And Morfin never realized he hadn’t done it?” “Never,”  aid Dumbledore. “He gave, a  I  ay, a full and boa tful confe ion.” “But he had thi  real memory in him all the time!” “Ye , but it took a great deal of  killed Legilimency to coax it out of him,”  aid Dumbledore, “and why  hould anybody delve further into Morfin’  mind when he had already confe ed to the crime? However, I wa  able to  ecure a vi it to Morfin in the la t week  of hi  life, by which time I wa  attempting to di cover a  much a  I could about Voldemort’  pa t. I extracted thi  memory with difficulty. When I  aw what it contained, I attempted to u e it to  ecure Morfin’  relea e from Azkaban. Before the Mini try reached their deci ion, however, Morfin had died.” “But how come the Mini try didn’t realize that Voldemort had done all that to Morfin?” Harry a ked angrily “He wa  underage at the time, wa n’t he? I thought they could detect underage magic!” “You are quite right — they can detect magic, but not the perpetrator: You will remember that you were blamed by the Mini try for the Hover Charm that wa , in fact, ca t by —” “Dobby,” growled Harry; thi  inju tice  till rankled. “So if you’re underage and you do magic in ide an adult witch or wizard’  hou e, the Mini try won’t know?” “They will certainly be unable to tell who performed the magic,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling  lightly at the look of great indignation on Harry  face. “They rely on witch and wizard parent  to enforce their off pring’  obedience while within their wall .” “Well, that’  rubbi h,”  napped Harry. “Look what happened here, look what happened to Morfin!” “I agree,”  aid Dumbledore. “Whatever Morfin wa , he did not de erve to die a  he did, blamed for murder  he had not committed. But it i  getting late, and I want you to  ee thi  other memory before we part. …” Dumbledore took from an in ide pocket another cry tal phial and Harry fell  ilent at once, remembering that Dumbledore had  aid it wa  the mo t important one he had collected. Harry noticed that the content  proved difficult to empty into the Pen ieve, a  though they had congealed  lightly; did memorie  go bad? “Thi  will not take long,”  aid Dumbledore, when he had finally emptied the phial. “We  hall be back before you know it. Once more into the Pen ieve, then . . .” And Harry fell again through the  ilver  urface, landing thi  time right in front of a man he recognized at once. It wa  a much younger Horace Slughorn. Harry wa   o u ed to him bald that he found the  ight of Slughorn with thick,  hiny,  trawcolored hair quite di concerting; it looked a  though he had had hi  head thatched, though there wa  already a  hiny Galleon ized bald patch on hi  crown. Hi  mu tache, le  ma ive than it wa  the e day , wa  gingeryblond. He wa  not quite a  rotund a  the Slughorn Harry knew, though the golden button  on hi  richly embroidered wai tcoat were taking a fair amount of  train. Hi  little feet re ting upon a velvet pouffe, he wa   itting well back in a comfortable winged armchair, one hand gra ping a  mall gla  of wine, the other  earching through a box of cry talized pineapple. Harry looked around a  Dumbledore appeared be ide him and  aw that they were  tanding in Slughorn’  office. Haifa dozen boy  were  itting around Slughorn, all on harder or lower  eat  than hi , and all in their midteen . Harry recognized Voldemort at once. Hi  wa  the mo t hand ome face and he looked the mo t relaxed of all the boy . Hi  right hand lay negligently upon the arm of hi  chair; with a jolt, Harry  aw that he wa  wearing Marvolo’  goldandblack ring; he had already killed hi  father. “Sir, i  it true that Profe or Merrythought i  retiring?” he a ked. “Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn’t tell you,”  aid Slughorn, wagging a reproving,  ugarcovered finger at Riddle, though ruining the effect  lightly by winking. “I mu t  ay, I’d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the  taff, you are.” Riddle  miled; the other boy  laughed and ca t him admiring look . “What with your uncanny ability to know thing  you  houldn’t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter — thank you fm the pineapple, by the way, you’re quite right, it i  my favorite — “ A   everal of the boy  tittered,  omething very odd happened. The whole room wa   uddenly filled with a thick white fog,  o that Harry could  ee nothing but the face of Dumbledore, who wa   tanding be ide him. Then Slughorn’  voice rang out through the mi t, unnaturally loudly, “You’ll go wrong, boy, mark my word . “ The fog cleared a   uddenly a  it had appeared and yet nobody made any allu ion to it, nor did anybody look a  though anything unu ual had ju t happened. Bewildered, Harry looked around a  a  mall golden clock  tanding upon Slughorn’  de k chimed eleven o’clock. “Good graciou , i  it that time already?”  aid Slughorn. “You’d better get going, boy , or we’ll all be in trouble. Le trange, I want your e ay by tomorrow or it’  detention. Same goe  for you, Avery.” Slughorn pulled him elf out of hi  armchair and carried hi  empty gla  over to hi  de k a  the boy  filed out. Voldemort, however,  tayed behind. Harry could tell he had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be la t in the room with Slughorn. “Look  harp, Tom,”  aid Slughorn, turning around and finding him  till pre ent. “You don’t want to be caught out of bed out of hour , and you a prefect…” “Sir, I wanted to a k you  omething.” “A k away, then, m’boy, a k away….” “Sir, I wondered what you know about. . . about Horcruxe ?” And it happened all over again: The den e fog filled the room  o that Harry could not  ee Slughorn or Voldemort at all; only Dumbledore,  miling  erenely be ide him. Then Slughorn’  voice boomed out again, ju t a  it had done before. “I don’t know anything about Horcruxe  and I wouldn’t tell you if I did! Now get out of here at once and don’t let me catch you mentioning them again!” “Well, that’  that,”  aid Dumbledore placidly be ide Harry. “Time to go.” And Harry’  feet left the floor to fall,  econd  later, back onto the rug in front of Dumbledore’  de k. “That’  all there i ?”  aid Harry blankly. Dumbledore had  aid that thi  wa  the mo t important memory of all, but he could not  ee what wa   o  ignificant about it. Admittedly the fog, and the fact that nobody  eemed to have noticed it, wa  odd, but other than that nothing  eemed to have happened except that Voldemort had a ked a que tion and failed to get an an wer. “A  you might have noticed,”  aid Dumbledore, re eating him elf behind hi  de k, “that memory ha  been tampered with.” “Tampered with?” repeated Harry,  itting back down too. “Certainly,”  aid Dumbledore. “Profe or Slughorn ha  meddled with hi  own recollection .” “But why would he do that?” “Becau e, I think, he i  a hamed of what he remember ,”  aid Dumbledore. “He ha  tried to rework the memory to  how him elf in a better light, obliterating tho e part  which he doe  not wi h me to  ee. It i , a  you will have noticed, very crudely done, and that i  all to the good, for it  how  that the true memory i   till there beneath the alteration . “And  o, for the fir t time, I am giving you homework, Harry. It will be your job to per uade Profe or Slughorn to divulge the real memory, which will undoubtedly be our mo t crucial piece of information of all.” Harry  tared at him. “But  urely,  ir,” he  aid, keeping hi  voice a  re pectful a  po ible, “you don’t need me — you could u e Legilimency … or Verita erum. …” “Profe or Slughorn i  an extremely able wizard who will be expecting both,”  aid Dumbledore. “He i  much more accompli hed at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt, and I would be a toni hed if he ha  not carried an antidote to Verita erum with him ever  ince I coerced him into giving me thi  trave ty of a recollection. “No, I think it would be fooli h to attempt to wre t the truth from Profe or Slughorn by force, and might do much more harm than good; I do not wi h him to leave Hogwart . However, he ha  hi  weakne e  like the re t of u , and I believe that you are the one per on who might be able to penetrate hi  defen e . It i  mo t important that we  ecure the true memory, Harry. . . . How important, we will only know when we have  een the real thing. So, good luck . . . and good night.” A little taken aback by the abrupt di mi al, Harry got to hi  feet quickly. “Good night,  ir.” A  he clo ed the  tudy door behind him, he di tinctly heard Phinea  Nigellu   ay, “I can’t  ee why the boy  hould be able to do it better than you, Dumbledore.” “I wouldn’t expect you to, Phinea ,” replied Dumbledore, and Fawke  gave another low, mu ical cry. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 18: Birthday Surpri e  The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the ta k that Dumbledore had  et him, though  eparately, for Hermione  till refu ed to remain in Ron’  pre ence longer than it took to give him a contemptuou  look. Ron thought that Harry wa  unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all. ‘He love  you,’ he  aid over breakfa t, waving an airy forkful of fried egg. ‘Won’t refu e you anything, will he? Not hi  little Potion  Prince. Ju t hang back after cla  thi  afternoon and a k him.’ Hermione, however, took a gloomier view. ‘He mu t be determined to hide what really happened if Dumbledore couldn’t get it out of him,’  he  aid in a low voice, a  they  tood in the de erted,  nowy courtyard at break. ‘Horcruxe  … Horcruxe  … I’ve never even heard of them …’ ‘You haven’t?’ Harry wa  di appointed; he had hoped that Hermione might have been able to give him a clue a  to what Horcruxe  were. ‘They mu t be really advanced Dark magic, or why would Voldemort have wanted to know about them? I think it’  going to be difficult to get the information, Harry, you’ll have to be very careful about how you approach Slughorn, think out a  trategy …” ‘Ron reckon  1  hould ju t hang back after Potion  thi  afternoon …’ ‘Oh, well, if WonWon think  that, you’d better do it,’  he  aid, flaring up at once. ‘After all, when ha  WonWon’  judgement ever been faulty?’ ‘Hermione, can’t you —’ ‘No!’  he  aid angrily, and  tormed away, leaving Harry alone and ankledeep in  now. Potion  le on  were uncomfortable enough the e day ,  eeing a  Harry, Ron and Hermione had to  hare a de k. Today, Hermione moved her cauldron around the table  o that  he wa  clo e to Ernie, and ignored both Harry and Ron. ‘What’ve you done?’ Ron muttered to Harry, looking at Hermione’  haughty profile. But before Harry could an wer, Slughorn wa  calling for  ilence from the front of the room. ‘Settle down,  ettle down, plea e! Quickly, now, lot  of work to get through thi  afternoon! Golpalott’  Third Law … who can tell me -? But Mi  Granger can, of cour e!’ Hermione recited at top  peed: ‘Golpalott’ ThirdLaw-  tate thattheantidoteforablendedpoi onwillbeequalto- morethanthe umoftheantidote foreachofthe eparale- component .’ ‘Preci ely!’ beamed Slughorn. Ten point  for Gryffindor! Now, if we accept Golpalott’  Third Law a  true …” Harry wa  going to have to take Slughorn’  word for it that Golpalott’  Third Law wa  true, becau e he had not under tood any of it. Nobody apart from Hermione  eemed to be following what Slughorn  aid next, either. ‘… which mean , of cour e, that a uming we have achieved correct identification of the potion’  ingredient  by Scarpin’  Revela pell, our primary aim i  not the relatively  imple one of  electing antidote  to tho e ingredient  in a of them elve , but to find that added component which will, by an almo t alchemical proce , tran form the e di parate element  -’ Ron wa   itting be ide Harry with hi  mouth halfopen, doodling ab ently on hi  new copy of Advanced PotionMaking. Ron kept forgetting that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble when he failed to gra p what wa  going on. ‘… and  o,’ fini hed Slughorn, ‘I want each of you to come and take one of the e phial  from my de k. You are to create an antidote for the poi on within it before the end of the le on. Good luck, and don’t forget your protective glove !’ Hermione had left her  tool and wa  halfway toward  Siughorn’  de k before the re t of the cla  had reali ed it wa  time to move, and by the time Harry, Ron and Ernie returned to the table,  he had already tipped the content  of her phial into her cauldron and wa  kindling a fire underneath it. ‘it’  a  hame that the Prince won’t be able to help you much with thi , Harry,’  he  aid brightly a   he  traightened up. ‘You have to under tand the principle  involved thi  time. No  hort cut  or cheat !’ Annoyed, Harry uncorked the poi on he had taken from Siughorn’  de k, which wa  a gari h  hade of pink, tipped it into hi  cauldron and lit a fire underneath it. He did not have the fainte t idea what he wa   uppo ed to do next. He glanced at Ron, who wa  now  tanding there looking rather gormle , having copied everything Harry had done. ‘You  ure the Prince ha n’t got any tip ?’ Ron muttered to Harry. Harry pulled out hi  tru ty copy of Advanced PotionMaking and turned to the chapter on Antidote . There wa  Golpalott’  Third Law,  tated word for word a  Hermione had recited it, but not a  ingle illuminating note in the Prince’  hand to explain what it meant. Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no difficulty under tanding it. ‘Nothing,’  aid Harry gloomily. Hermione wa  now waving her wand enthu ia tically over her cauldron. Unfortunately, they could not copy the  pell  he wa  doing becau e  he wa  now  o good at nonverbal incantation  that  he did not need to  ay the word  aloud. Ernie Macmillan, however, wa  muttering, ‘Speciali  revelio!’ over hi  cauldron, which  ounded impre ive,  o Harry and Ron ha tened to imitate him. It took Harry only five minute  to reali e that hi  reputation a  the be t potionmaker in the cla  wa  cra hing around hi  ear . Slughorn had peered hopefully into hi  cauldron on hi  fir t circuit of the dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight a  he u ually did, and in tead had withdrawn hi  head ha tily, coughing, a  the  mell of bad egg  overwhelmed him. Hermione’  expre ion could not have been any  mugger;  he had loathed being outperformed in every Potion  cla . She wa  now decanting the my teriou ly  eparated ingredient  of her poi on into ten different cry tal phial . More to avoid watching thi  irritating  ight than anything el e, Harry bent over the HalfBlood Prince’  book and turned a few page  with unnece ary force. And there it wa ,  crawled right acro  a long li t of antidote . Ju t  hove a bezoar down their throat . Harry  tared at the e word  for a moment. Hadn’t he once, long ago, heard of bezoar ? Hadn’t Snape mentioned them in their fir t ever Potion  le on? ‘A  tone taken from the  tomach of a goat, which will protect from mo t poi on .’ It wa  not an an wer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape  till been their teacher, Harry would not have dared do it, but thi  wa  a moment for de perate mea ure . He ha tened toward  the  tore cupboard and rummaged within it, pu hing a ide unicorn horn  and tangle  of dried herb  until he found, at the very back, a  mall card box on which had been  cribbled the word ‘Bezoar ’. He opened the box ju t a  Slughorn called, Two minute  left, everyone!’ In ide were half a dozen  hrivelled brown object , looking more like driedup kidney  than real  tone . Harry  eized one, put the box back in the cupboard and hurried back to hi  cauldron. ‘Time’  … UP!’ called Slughorn genially. ‘Well, let’   ee how you’ve done! Blai e … what have you got for me?’ Slowly, Slughorn moved around the room, examining the variou  antidote . Nobody had fini hed the ta k, although Hermione wa  trying to cram a few more ingredient  into her bottle before Slughorn reached her. Ron had given up completely, and wa  merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fume  i uing from hi  cauldron. Harry  tood there waiting, the bezoar clutched in a  lightly  weaty hand. Slughorn reached their table la t. He  niffed Ernie’  potion and pa ed on to Ron’  with a grimace. He did not linger over Ron’  cauldron, but backed away  wiftly, retching  lightly. ‘And you, Harry,’ he  aid. ‘What have you got to  how me?’ Harry held out hi  hand, the bezoar  itting on hi  palm. Slughorn looked down at it for a full ten  econd . Harry wondered, for a moment, whether he wa  going to  hout at him. Then he threw back hi  head and roared with laughter. ‘You’ve got a nerve, boy!’ he boomed, taking the bezoar and holding it up  o that the cla  could  ee it. ‘Oh, you’re like your mother … well, 1 can’t fault you … a bezoar would certainly act a  an antidote to all the e potion !’ Hermione, who wa   weatyfaced and had  oot on her no e, looked livid. Her halffini hed antidote, compri ing fiftytwo ingredient  including a chunk of her own hair, bubbled  luggi hly behind Slughorn, who had eye  for nobody but Harry. ‘And you thought of a bezoar all by your elf, did you, Harry?’  he a ked through gritted teeth. That’  the individual  pirit a real potionmaker need !’  aid Slughorn happily, before Harry could reply. ‘Ju t like hi  mother,  he had the  ame intuitive gra p of potionmaking, it’  undoubtedly from Lily he get  it … ye , Harry, ye , if you’ve got a bezoar to hand, of cour e that would do the trick … although a  they don’t work on everything, and are pretty rare, it’   till worth knowing how to mix antidote  …’ The only per on in the room looking angrier than Hermione wa  Malfoy, who, Harry wa  plea ed to  ee, had  pilled  omething that looked like cat  ick over him elf. Before either of them could expre  their fury that Harry had come top of the cla  by not doing any work, however, the bell rang. Time to pack up!’  aid Slughorn. ‘And an extra ten point  to Gryffindor for  heer cheek!’ Still chuckling, he waddled back to hi  de k at the front of the dungeon. Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount of time to do up hi  bag. Neither Ron nor Hermione wi hed him luck a  they left; both looked rather annoyed. At la t Harry and Slughorn were the only two left in the room. ‘Come on, now, Harry, you’ll be late for your next le on,’  aid Slughorn affably,  napping the gold cla p   hut on hi  dragon kin briefca e. ‘Sir,’  aid Harry, reminding him elf irre i tibly of Voldemort, ‘1 wanted to a k you  omething.’ ‘A k away, then, my dear boy, a k away …” ‘Sir, 1 wondered what you know about … about Horcruxe ?’ Slughorn froze. Hi  round face  eemed to  ink in upon it elf. He licked hi  lip  and  aid hoar ely, ‘What did you  ay?’ ‘I a ked whether you know anything about Horcruxe ,  ir. You  ee -’ ‘Dumbledore put you up to thi ,’ whi pered Slughorn. Hi  voice had changed completely. It wa  not genial any more, but  hocked, terrified. He fumbled in hi  brea t pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping hi   weating brow. ‘Dumbledore’   hown you that - that memory,’  aid Slughorn. ‘Well? Ha n’t he?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry, deciding on the  pot that it wa  be t not to lie. ‘Ye , of cour e,’  aid Slughorn quietly,  till dabbing at hi  white face. ‘Of cour e … well, if you’ve  een that memory, Harry, you’ll know that I don’t know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully ‘- about Horcruxe .’ He  eized hi  dragon kin briefca e,  tuffed hi  handkerchief back into hi  pocket and marched to the dungeon door. ‘Sir,’  aid Harry de perately, ‘I ju t thought there might be a bit more to the memory -’ ‘Did you?’  aid Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren’t you? WRONG!’ He bellowed the la t word and, before Harry could  ay another word,  lammed the dungeon door behind him. Neither Ron nor Hermione wa  at all  ympathetic when Harry told them of thi  di a trou  interview Hermione wa   till  eething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron wa  re entful that Harry hadn’t  lipped him a bezoar, too. ‘It would’ve ju t looked  tupid if we’d both done it!’  aid Harry irritably. ‘Look, I had to try and  often him up  o I could a k him about Voldemort, didn’t I? Oh, will you gel a grip!’ he added in exa peration, a  Ron winced at the  ound of the name. Infuriated by hi  failure and by Ron and Hermione’  atti- tude , Harry brooded for the next few day  over what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for the time being, he would let Slughorn think that he had forgotten all about Horcruxe ; it wa   urely be t to lull him into a fal e  en e of  ecurity before returning to the attack. When Harry did noi que tion Slughorn again, the Potion  ma ter reverted to hi  u ual affectionate treatment of him, and appeared to have put the matter from hi  mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of hi  little evening partie , determined to accept thi  time, even if he had to re chedule Quidditch prac tice. Unfortunately, however, no  uch invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of them had received an invitation and nor, a  far a  they knew, had anybody el e. Harry could not help wondering whether thi  meant that Slughorn wa  not quite a  forgetful a  he appeared,  imply determined to give Harry no additional opportunitie  to que tion him. Meanwhile, the Hogwart  library had failed Hermione for the fir t lime in living memory. She wa   o  hocked,  he even forgot that  he wa  annoyed at Harry for hi  trick with the bezoar, ‘I haven’t found one  ingle explanation of what Horcruxe  do!”  he told him. ‘Not a  ingle one! I’ve been right through the re tricted  ection and even in the mo t horrible book , where they tell you how to brew the mo t grue ome potion  -nothing! All I could find wa  thi , in the introduciion to Magick Mo tc Evilc — li ten — “of the Horcrux, wickede t of magical invention , we  hall not  peak nor give direction” … 1 mean, why mention it, then?’  he  aid impatiently,  lamming the old book  hut; it let out a gho tly wail. ‘Oh,  hut up,’  he  napped,  tuffing it back into her bag. ‘I a ked whether you know anything about Horcruxe ,  ir. You  ee - ‘Dumbledore put you up to thi ,’ whi pered Slughorn, Hi  voice had changed completely. It wa  not genial any more, but  hocked, terrified. He fumbled in hi  brea t pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping hi   weating brow. ‘Dumbledore’   hown you that — that memory,’  aid Slughorn. ‘Well? Ha n’t he?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry, deciding on the  pot that it wa  be t not to lie. ‘Ye , of cour e,’  aid Slughorn quietly,  till dabbing at hi  white face. ‘Of cour e … well, if you’ve  een that memory, Harry, you’ll know that I don’t know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully ‘- about Horcruxe .’ He  eized hi  dragon kin briefca e,  tuffed hi  handkerchief back into hi  pocket and marched to the dungeon door. ‘Sir,’  aid Harry de perately, ‘1 ju t thought there might be a ‘Did you?’  aid Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren’t you? WRONG!’ He bellowed the la t word and, before Harry could  ay another word,  lammed the dungeon door behind him. Neither Ron nor Hermione wa  at all  ympathetic when Harry told them of thi  di a trou  interview. Hermione wa   till  eething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron wa  re entful that Harry hadn’t  lipped him a bezoar, too. ‘It would’ve ju t looked  tupid if we’d both done it!’  aid Harry irritably. ‘Look, 1 had to try and  often him up  o 1 could a k him about Voldemort, didn’t I? Oh, will you get a grip!’ he added in exa peration, a  Ron winced at the  ound of Infuriated by hi  failure and by Ron and Hermione’  atti- tude , Harry brooded for the next few day  over what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for the time being, he would let Slughorn think that he had forgotten all about Horcruxe ; it wa   urely be t to lull him into a fal e  en e of  ecurity before returning to the attack. When Harry did not que tion Slughorn again, the Potion  ma ter reverted to hi  u ual affectionate treatment of him, and appeared to have put the matter from hi  mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of hi  little evening partie , determined to accept thi  time, even if he had to re chedule Quidditch practice. Unfortunately, however, no  uch invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of them had received an invitation and nor, a  far a  they knew, had anybody el e. Harry could not help wondering whether thi  meant that Slughorn wa  not quite a  forgetful a  he appeared,  imply determined to give Harry no additional opportunitie  to que tion him. Meanwhile, the Hogwart  library had failed Hermione for the fir t time in living memory. She wa   o  hocked,  he even forgot that  he wa  annoyed at Harry for hi  trick with the bezoar. ‘I haven’t found one  ingle explanation of what Horcruxe  do!’  he told him. ‘Not a  ingle one! I’ve been right through the re tricted  ection and even in the mo t horrible book , where they tell you how to brew the mo t grue ome potion  -nothing! All I could find wa  thi , in the introduction to Magick Mo te Evile - li ten - “of the Horcrux, wickede t of magical invention , we  hall not  peak nor give direction” … I mean, why mention it, then?’  he  aid impatiently,  lamming the old book  hut; it let out a gho tly wail. ‘Oh,  hut up,’  he  napped,  tuffing it back into her bag. The  now melted around the  chool a  February arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetne . Purpli hgrey cloud  hung low over the ca tle and a con tant fall of chilly rain made the lawn   lippery and muddy. The up hot of thi  wa  that the  ixthyear ’ fir t Apparition le on, which wa   cheduled for a Saturday morning  o that no normal le on  would be mi ed, took place in the Great Hall in tead of in the ground . When Harry and Hermione arrived in the Hall (Ron had come down with Lavender) they found that the table  had di appeared. Rain la hed again t the high window  and the enchanted ceiling  wirled darkly above them a  they a embled in front of Profe or  McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick and Sprout - the Head  of Hou e - and a  mall wizard whom Harry took to be the Apparition In tructor from the Mini try. He wa  oddly colourle , with tran parent eyela he , wi py hair and an in ub tantial air, a  though a  ingle gu t of wind might blow him away. Harry wondered whether con tant di appearance  and reappearance  had  omehow dimini hed hi   ub tance, or whether thi  frail build wa  ideal for anyone wi hing to vani h. ‘Good morning,’  aid the Mini try wizard, when all the  tudent  had arrived and the Head  of Hou e had called for quiet. ‘My name i  Wilkie Twycro  and I  hall be your Mini tryApparition In tructor for the next twelve week . 1 hope to be able to prepare you for your Apparition te t in thi  time -’ ‘Malfoy, be quiet and pay attention!’ barked Profe or McGonagall. Everybody looked round. Malfoy had flu hed a dull pink; he looked furiou  a  he  tepped away from Crabbe, with whom he appeared to have been having a whi pered argument. Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who al o looked annoyed, though Harry  trongly  u pected that thi  wa  le  becau e of Malfoy’  rudene  than the fact that McGonagall had reprimanded one of hi  hou e. ‘- by which time, many of you may be ready to take your te t,’ Twycro  continued, a  though there had been no interruption. ‘A  you may know, it i  u ually impo ible to Apparate or Di apparate within Hogwart . The Headma ter ha  lifted thi  enchantment, purely within the Great Hall, for one hour,  o a  to enable you to practi e. May I empha i e that you will not be able to Apparate out ide the wall  of thi  Hall, and that you would be unwi e to try. ‘I would like each of you to place your elve  now  o that you have a clear five feet of  pace in front of you.’ There wa  a great  crambiing and jo tling a  people  eparated, banged into each other, and ordered other  out of their  pace. The Head  of Hou e moved among the  tudent , mar halling them into po ition and breaking up argument . ‘Harry, where are you going? 1 demanded Hermione. But Harry did not an wer; he wa  moving quickly through the crowd, pa t the place where Profe or Flitwick wa  making  queaky attempt  to po ition a few Ravenclaw , all of whom wanted to be near the front, pa t Profe or Sprout, who wa  chivvying the Hufflepuff  into line, until, by dodging around Ernie Macmillan, he managed to po ition him elf right at the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who wa  taking advantage of the general upheaval to continue hi  argument with Crabbe,  tanding five feet away and looking mutinou . ‘I don’t know how much longer, all right?’ Malfoy  hot at him, obliviou  to Harry  tanding right behind him. ‘It’  taking longer than I thought it would.’ Crabbe opened hi  mouth, but Malfoy appeared to  econdgue  what he wa  going to  ay. ‘Look, it’  none of your bu ine  what I’m doing, Crabbe, you and Goyle ju t do a  you’re told and keep a lookout!’ ‘! tell my friend  what I’m up to, if I want them to keep a lookout for me,” Harry  aid, ju t loud enough for Malfoy to hear him. Malfoy  pun round on the  pot, hi  hand flying to hi  wand, but at thai preci e moment the four Head  of Hou e  houted, ‘Quiet!’ and  ilence fell again. Malfoy turned  lowly to face the front. Thank you,’  aid Twycro . :Now then …’ He waved hi  wand. Oldfa hioned wooden hoop  in tantly appeared on the floor in from of every  tudent. The important thing  to remember when Apparating are the three D !’  aid Twycro . ‘De tination, Determination, Deliberation! ‘Step one: fix your mind firmly upon the de ired de tination,’  aid Twycro . ‘In thi  ca e, the interior of your hoop. Kindly concentrate upon that de tination now.’ Everybody looked around furtively, to check that everyone el e wa   taring into their hoop, then ha tily did a  they were told. Harry gazed at the circular patch of du ty floor enclo ed by hi  hoop and tried hard to think of nothing el e. Thi  proved impo ible, a  he couldn’t  top puzzling over what Malfoy wa  doing that needed lookout . “Step two,’  aid Twycro , ‘focu  your determination to occupy the vi uali ed  pace! Let your yearning to enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your body!’ Harry glanced around  urreptitiou ly. A little way to hi  left, Ernie Macmillan wa  contemplating hi  hoop  o hard that hi  face had turned pink; it looked a  though he wa   training to lay a Quaffle ized egg. Harry bit back a laugh and ha tily returned hi  gaze to hi  own hoop. ‘Step three,’ called Twycro , ‘and only when 1 give the command … lum on the  pot, feeiing your way into nothingne , moving with deliberation 1. On my command, now … one- 1 Harry glanced around again; lot  of people were looking po itively alarmed at being a ked to Apparate  o quickly. Harry tried to fix hi  thought  on hi  hoop again; he had already forgotten what the three D   tood for. : - THREE!’ Harry  pun on the  pot, lo t hi  balance and nearly fell over. He wa  not the only one. The whole Hall wa   uddenly full of  taggering people; Neville wa  flat on hi  back; Ernie Macmillan, on the other hand, had done a kind of pirouetting leap into hi  hoop and looked momentarily thrilled, until he caught  ight of Dean Thoma  roaring with laughter at him. ‘Never mind, never mind,’  aid Twycro  dryly, who did not  eem to have expected anything better. ‘Adju t your hoop , plea e, and back to your original po ition  …’ The  econd atlem.pt wa  no better than the fir t. The third wa  ju t a  bad. Not until the fourth did anything exciting happen. There wa  a horrible  creech of pain and everybody looked around, terrified, to  ee Su an Bone  of Hufflepuff wobbling in her hoop with her left leg  till  tanding five feet away where  he had  tarted. The Head  of Hou e converged on her; there wa  a great bang and a puff of purple  moke, which cleared to reveal Su an  obbing, reunited with her leg but looking horrified. ‘Sph’nching, or the  eparation of random body part ,’  aid Wilkie Twycro  di pa ionately, ‘occur  when the mind i  in ufficiently determined. You mu t concentrate continually upon your de tination, and move, without ha ie, but with deliberation … thu .’ Twycro   tepped forward , turned gracefully on the  pot with hi  arm  out tretched and vani hed in a  wirl of robe , reappearing at the back of the Hall. ‘Remember the three D ,’ he  aid, ‘and try again … one -two - three -’ But an hour later, Su an’  Splinching wa   till ihe mo t intere ting thing that had happened. Twycro  did not  eem di couraged. Fa tening hi  cloak at hi  neck, he merely  aid, ‘Until next Saturday, everybody, and do not forget: De tination. Determination. Deliberation.’ With that, he waved hi  wand, Vani hing the hoop , and walked out of the Hall accompanied by Profe or McGonagall. Talk broke out at once a  people began moving toward  the Entrance Hall. ‘How did you do?’ a ked Ron, hurrying toward  Harry. ‘1 think 1 felt  omething the la t time I tried - a kind of tingling in my feet.’ ‘1 expect your trainer  are too  mall, WonWon,’  aid a voice behind them, and Hermione  talked pa t,  mirking. ‘1 didn’t feel anything,’  aid Harry, ignoring thi  interruption. “But 1 don’t care about that now-’ ‘What d’you mean, you don’t care … don’t you want to leam to Apparate?’  aid Ron incredulou ly. ‘I’m not fu ed, really. I prefer flying,’  aid Harry, glancing over hi   houlder to  ee where Malfoy wa , and  peeding up a  they came into the Entrance Hall. ‘Look, hurry up, will you, there’   omething I want to do …’ Perplexed, Ron followed Harry back to Gryffindor Tower at a run. They were temporarily detained by Peeve , who had jammed a door on the fourth floor  hut and wa  refu ing to let anyone pa  until they  et fire to their own pant , but Harry and Ron  imply turned back and took one of their tru ted  hort cut . Within five minute , they were climbing through the portrait hole. ‘Are you going to tell me what we’re doing, then?’ a ked Ron, panting  lightly. ‘Up here,’  aid Harry, and he cro ed the common room and led the way through the door to the boy ’  tairca e. Their dormitory wa , a  Ham’ had hoped, empty. He flung open hi  trunk and began to rummage in it, while Ron watched impatiently. ‘Harry …’ ‘Malfoy’  u ing Crabbe and Goyle a  lookout . He wa  arguing with Crabbe ju t now. 1 want to know … aha.’ He had found it, a folded  quare of apparently blank parchment, which he now  moothed out and tapped with [he tip of hi  wand. ‘I  olemn!)’  wear that I am up to no good … or Malfoy i , At once, the Marauder’  Map appeared on the parchment’   urface. Here wa  a detailed plan of every one of the ca tle’  floor  and, moving around it, the tiny, labelled black dot  that  ignified each of the ca tle’  occupant . ‘Help me find Malfoy,’  aid Harry urgently. He laid the map upon hi  bed and he and Ron leaned over it,  earching. ‘There!’  aid Ron, after a minute or  o. ‘He’  in the Slytherin common room, look … with Parkin on and Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle …” Harry looked down at the map, di appointed, but rallied almo t at once. ‘Well, I’m keeping an eye on him from now on,’ he  aid firmly. ‘And the moment 1  ee him lurking  omewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keeping watch out ide, it’ll be on with the old Invi ibility Cloak and off to find out what he’ -’ He broke off a  Neville entered the dormitory, bringing with him a  trong  mell of  inged material, and began rummaging in hi  trunk for a fre h pair of pant . De pite hi  determination 10 catch Malfoy out, Harry had no luck at all over the next couple of week . Although he con ulted the map a  often a  he could,  ometime  making unnece ary vi it  to the bathroom between le on  to  earch it, he did not once  ee Malfoy anywhere  u piciou . Admittedly, he  potted Crabbe and Goyle moving around the ca tle on their own more often than u ual,  ometime  remaining  tationary in de erted corridor , but at the e time  Malfoy wa  not only nowhere near them, but impo ible to locate on the map at all. Thi  wa  mo t my teriou . Harry toyed with the po ibility that Malfoy wa  actually leaving the  chool ground , but could not  ee how he could be doing it, given the very high leve! of  ecurity now operating within the ca tle. He could only  uppo e ihat he wa  mi ing Malfoy among t the hundred  of tiny black dot  upon the map. A  for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle appeared to be going their different way  when they were u ually in eparable, the e thing  happened a  people got older - Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected  adly, were living proof. February moved toward  March with no change in the weather except that it became windy a  well a  wet. To general indignation, a  ign went up on all commonroom noticeboard  that the next trip into Hog meade had been cancelled. Ron wa  furiou . ‘It wa  on my birthday!’ he  aid, ‘i wa  looking forward to that!’ ‘Not a big  urpri e, though, i  it?’  aid Harry. ‘Not after what happened to Katie.’ She had  till not returned from Si Mungo’ . What wa  more, further di appearance  had been reported in the Daily Prophet, including  everal relative  of  tudent  at Hogwart . ‘But now all I’ve got to look forward to i   tupid Apparition!’  aid Ron grumpily. ‘Big birthday treat …’ Three le on  on, Apparition wa  proving a  difficult a  ever, though a few more people had managed to Splinch them elve . Fru tration wa  running high and there wa  a certain amount of illfeeling toward  Wilkie Twycro  and hi  three D , which had in pired a number of nickname  for him, the polite t of which were Dogbreath and Dunghead. ‘Happy birthday, Ron,’  aid Harry, when they were woken on the fir t of March by Seamu  and Dean leaving noi ily for breakfa t. ‘Have a pre ent.’ He threw the package acro  on to Ron’  bed, where it joined a  mall pile of them that mu t, Harry a umed, have been delivered by hou eelve  in the night. ‘Cheer ,’  aid Ron drow ily, and a  he ripped off the paper Harry got out of bed, opened hi  own crunk and began rummaging in it for the Marauder’  Map, which he hid after every u e. He turfed out half the content  of hi  trunk before he found it hiding beneath the rolledup  ock  in which he wa   till keeping hi  bottle of lucky potion, Felix Felici . ‘Right,’ he murmured, taking it back to bed with him, tapping it quietly and murmuring, ‘I  olemnly  wear that I am up to no good,’  o that Neville, who wa  pa ing the foot of hi  bed at the time, would not hear. ‘Nice one, Harry!’  aid Ron enthu ia tically, waving the new pair of Quidditch Keeper’  glove  Harry had given him. ‘No problem,’  aid Harry ab entmindedly, a  he  earched the Slytherin dormitory clo ely for Malfoy. ‘Hey … I don’t think he’  in hi  bed …’ Ron did not an wer; he wa  too bu y unwrapping pre ent , every now and then letting out an exclamation of plea ure. ‘Seriou ly good haul thi  year!’ he announced, holding up a heavy gold watch with odd  ymbol  around the edge and tiny moving  tar  in tead of hand . ‘See what Mum and Dad got me? Blimey, I think I’ll come of age next year too … ‘Cool,’ muttered Harry,  paring the watch a glance before peering more clo ely at the map. Where wa  Malfoy? He did not  eem to be at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, eating breakfa t … he wa  nowhere near Snape, who wa   itting in hi   tudy … he wa n’t in any of the bathroom  or in the ho pital wing … ‘Want one? 1  aid Ron thickly, holding out a box of Chocolate Cauldron . ‘No thank ,’  aid Harry, looking up. ‘Malfoy’  gone again!’ ‘Can’t have done,’  aid Ron,  tuffing a  econd Cauldron into hi  mouth a  he  lid out of bed to get dre ed. ‘Come on. if you don’t hurry up you’ll have to Apparate on an empty tomach … might make it ea ier, 1  uppo e …” Ron looked thoughtfully ai the box of Chocolate Cauldron , then  hrugged and helped him elf to a third. Harry tapped the map with hi  wand, muttered, ‘Mi chief managed,’ though it hadn’t been, and got dre ed, thinking hard. There had to be an explanation for Malfoy’  periodic di appearance , but he  imply could not think what it could be. The be t way of finding out would be to tail him, bur even with the Invi ibility Cloak thi  wa  an impractical idea; he had le on , Quidditch practice, homework and Apparition; he could not follow Malfoy around  chool all day wilhout hi  ab ence being remarked upon, ‘Ready?’ he  aid to Ron. He wa  halfway to the dormitory door when he reali ed that Ron had not moved, but wa  leaning on hi  bedpo t,  taring out of the rainwa hed window with a  trangely unfocu ed look on hi  face. ‘Ron? Breakfa t.’ ‘I’m not hungry,’ Harry  tared ai him. ‘I thought you ju t  aid -?’ -Well, all right, I’ll come down with you,’  ighed Ron, ‘but I don’t want to eat.’ Harry  crutini ed him  u piciou ly. ‘You’ve ju t eaten half a box of Chocolate Cauldron , haven’t you?’ ‘It’  not that,’ Ron  ighed again. ‘You … you wouldn’t under tand.’ ‘Fair enough,’  aid Harry, albeit puzzled, a  he turned to open the door. ‘Harry!’  aid Ron  uddenly. ‘What?’ ‘Harry, I can’t  tand it!’ ‘You can’t  tand what?’ a ked Harry, now  tarling to feel definitely alarmed. Ron wa  rather pale and looked a  though he wa  about to be  ick. ‘I can’t  top thinking about her!’  aid Ron hoar ely. Harry gaped at him. He had not expected thi  and wa  not  ure he wanted to hear it. Friend  they might be, but if Ron  tarted calling Lavender ‘LavLav’, he would have to pui hi  foot down. ‘Why doe  that  top you having breakfa t?’ Harry a ked, trying to inject a note of common  en e into the proceeding . ‘I don’t think  he know  I exi t,’  aid Ron with a de perate ge ture. ‘She definitely know  you exi t,’  aid Harry, bewildered. ‘She keep   nogging you, doe n’t  he?’ Ron blinked. ‘Who are you talking about?’ Who are you talking about?’  aid Harry, with an increa ing  en e that all rea on had dropped out of the conver ation. ‘Romilda Vane,’  aid Ron  oftly, and hi  whole face  eemed to illuminate a  he  aid it, a  though hit by a ray of pure t  unlight. They  tared at each other for almo t a whole minute, before Harry  aid, ‘Thi  i  a joke, right? You’re joking.’ T think … Harry, 1 ihink I love her,’  aid Ron in a  trangled voice. ‘OK,’  aid Harry, walking up to Ron 10 get a better look at the glazed eye  and the pallid complexion, ‘OK …  ay that again with a  traight face.’ ‘I love her,’ repeated Ron breathle ly. ‘Have you  een her hair, it’  all black and  hiny and  ilky … and her eye ? Her big dark eye ? And her -’ ‘Thi  i  really funny and everything,’  aid Harry impatiently, ‘but joke’  over, all right? Drop it.’ He turned to leave; he had got two  tep  toward  the door when a cra hing blow hit him on the right ear. Staggering, he looked round. Ron’  fi t wa  drawn right back, hi  face wa  contorted with rage; he wa  about to  trike again. Harry reacted in tinctively; hi  wand wa  out of hi  pocket and the incantation  prang to mind without con ciou  thought: Le\icorpu ! Ron yelled a  hi  heel wa  wrenched upward  once more; he dangled helple ly, up idedown, hi  robe  hanging off him. ‘What wa  that for?’ Harry bellowed. ‘You in ulted her, Harry! You  aid it wa  a joke!’  houted Ron, who wa   lowly turning purple in the face a  all the blood ru hed to hi  head. ‘Thi  i  in ane!’  aid Harry. ‘What’  got into -?’ And then he  aw the box lying open on Ron’  bed and the truth hit him with the force of a  tampeding troll. ‘Where did you get tho e Chocolate Cauldron ?’ ‘They were a birthday pre ent!’  houted Ron, revolving  lowly in midair a  he  truggled to get free. ‘1 offered you one, didn’t 1?’ ‘You ju t picked them up off the floor, didn’t you?’ ‘They’d fallen off my bed, all right? Let me go!’ ‘They didn’t fall off your bed, you prat, don’t you under tand? They were mine, 1 chucked them out of my trunk when 1 wa  looking for the map. They’re the Chocolate Cauldron  Romilda gave me before Chri tma  and they’re all  piked with love potion!’ But only one word of thi   eemed to have regi tered with Ron. ‘Romilda?’ he repeated. ‘Did you  ay Romilda? Harry - do you know her? Can you introduce me?’ Harry  tared at the dangling Ron, who e face now looked tremendou ly hopeful, and fought a  trong de ire to laugh. A part of him - the part clo e t to hi  throbbing right ear - wa  quite keen on the idea of letting Ron down and watching him run amok until the effect  of the potion wore off … but on the other hand, they were  uppo ed to be friend , Ron had not been him elf when he had attacked, and Harry- thought that he would de erve another punching if he permitted Ron to declare undying love for Romilda Vane. ‘Yeah, I’ll introduce you,’  aid Harry, thinking fa t. ‘I’m going to let you down now, OK?’ He  ent Ron cra hing back to the floor (hi  ear did hurt quite a lot), but Ron  imply bounded to hi  feet again, grinning. ‘She’ll be in Slughorn’  office, 1  aid Harry confidently, leading the way to the door. ‘Why will  he be in there?’ a ked Ron anxiou ly, hurrying to keep up. ‘Oh,  he ha  extra Potion  le on  with him,’  aid Harry, inventing wildly. ‘Maybe 1 could a k if 1 can have them with her?’  aid Ron eagerly. ‘Great idea,’  aid Harry. Lavender wa  waiting be ide the portrait hole, a complication Harry had not fore een. ‘You’re lace, WonWon!’  he pouted. ‘I’ve got you a birthday-’ ‘Leave me alone,’  aid Ron impatiently, ‘Harry’  going to introduce me to Romilda Vane.’ And without another word to her, he pu hed hi  way oui of the portrait hole. Harry tried to make an apologetic face to Lavender, but it might have turned out  imply amu ed, becau e  he looked more offended than ever a  the Fat Lady  wung  hut behind them. Harry had been  lightly worried that Slughorn might be at breakfa t, but he an wered hi  office door at the fir t knock, wearing a green velvet dre inggown and matching nightcap and looking rather blearyeyed. ‘Harry,’ he mumbled. ‘Thi  i  very early for a call … I generally  leep late on a Saturday …” ‘Profe or, I’m really  orry to di turb you,’  aid Harry a  quietly a  po ible, while Ron  tood on tiptoe, attempting to  ee pa t Slughorn into hi  room, ‘but my friend Ron’   wallowed a love potion by mi take. You couldn’t make him an antidote, could you? I’d take him to Madam Pomfrey, but we’re not  uppo ed to have anything from Wea ley ’ Wizard Wheeze  and, you know … awkward que tion  …’ Td have thought you could have whipped him up a remedy, Harry, an expert potioneer like you?’ a ked Slughorn. ‘Er,’  aid Harry,  omewhat di tracted by the fact that Ron wa  now elbowing him in the rib  in an attempt to force hi  way into the room, ‘well, I’ve never mixed an antidote for a love potion,  ir, and by the time I get it right Ron might’ve done  omething  eriou  -’ Helpfully, Ron cho e thi  moment to moan, ‘I can’t  ee her. Harry - i  he hiding her?’ ‘Wa  thi  potion within date?’ a ked Slughorn, now eyeing Ron with profe ional intere t. ‘They can  trengthen, you know, the longer they’re kept.’ That would explain a lot,’ panted Harry, now po itively wre tling with Ron to keep him from knocking Slughorn over. ‘It’  hi  birthday, Profe or,’ he added imploringly. ‘Oh, all right, come in, then, come in,’  aid Slughorn, relenting. ‘I’ve got the nece ary here in my bag, it’  not a difficult antidote …’ Ron bur t through the door into Slughorn’  overheated, crowded  tudy, tripped over a ta elled foot tool, regained hi  balance by  eizing Harry around the neck and muttered, ‘She didn’t  ee that, did  he?’ ‘She’  not here yet,’  aid Harry, watching Slughorn opening hi  potion kit and adding a few pinche  of thi  and that to a  mall cry tal bottle. That’  good,’  aid Ron fervently. ‘How do I look?’ ‘Very hand ome,’  aid Slughorn  moothly, handing Ron a gla  of clear liquid. ‘Now drink that up, it’  a tonic for the nerve , keep you calm when  he arrive , you know,’ ‘Brilliant,’  aid Ron eagerly, and he gulped the antidote down noi ily. Harry and Slughorn watched him. For a moment, Ron beamed at them. Then, very  lowly, hi  grin  agged and vani hed, to be replaced by an expre ion of utmo t horror. ‘Back to normal, then?’  aid Harry, grinning. Slughorn chuckled. Thank  a lot, Profe or.’ ‘Don’t mention it, m’boy, don’t mention it,’  aid Slughorn, a  Ron collap ed into a nearby armchair, looking deva tated. ‘Pickmeup, that’  what he need ,’ Slughorn continued, nowbu tling over to a table loaded with drink . ‘I’ve got Butterbeer, I’ve got wine, I’ve got one la t bottle of thi  oakmatured mead … hmm … meant to give that to Dumbledore for Chri tma  … ah well …’ he  hrugged ‘… he can’t mi  what he’  never had! Why don’t we open it now and celebrate Mr Wea ley’  birthday? Nothing like a fine  pirit to cha e away the pang  of di appointed love …’ He chortled again and Harry joined in. Thi  wa  the fir i time he had found him elf almo t alone with Slughorn  ince hi  di a trou  fir t attempt to extract the true memory from him. Perhap , if he could ju t keep Slughorn in a good mood … perhap  if they got through enough of the oakmatured mead … There you are, then,’  aid Slughorn, handing Harry and Ron a gla  of mead each, before rai ing hi  own. ‘Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph -’ ‘- Ron -’ whi pered Harry. But Ron, who did not appear to be li tening to the toa t, had already thrown the mead into hi  mouth and  wallowed it. There wa  one  econd, hardly more than a heartbeat, in which Harry knew there wa   omething terribly wrong and Slughorn, it  eemed, did not. ‘- and may you have many more - ‘Ron!’ Ron had dropped hi  gla ; he halfro e from hi  chair and then crumpled, hi  extremitie  jerking uncontrollably. Foam wa  dribbling from hi  mouth and hi  eye  were bulging from their  ocket . ‘Profe or!’ Harry bellowed. ‘Do  omething]’ But Slughorn  eemed paraly ed by  hock. Ron twitched and choked: hi   kin wa  turning blue. ‘What - but -’  pluttered Slughorn. Harry leapt over a low table and  printed toward  Slughorn’  open potion kit, pulling out jar  and pouche , while the terrible  ound of Ron’  gargling breath filled the room. Then he found it - the  hrivelled kidneylike  tone Slughorn had taken from him in Potion . He hurtled back to Ron’   ide, wrenched open hi  jaw and thru t the bezoar into hi  mouth. Ron gave a great  hudder, a rattling ga p and hi  body became limp and  till. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 19: Elf Tail  So, all in all, not one of Ron’  better birthday ?”  aid Fred. It wa  evening; the ho pital wing wa  quiet, the window  curtained, the lamp  lit. Ron’  wa  the only occupied bed. Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were  itting around him; they had  pent all day waiting out ide the double door , trying to  ee in ide whenever  omebody went in or out. Madam Pomfrey had only let them enter at eight o’clock. Fred and George had arrived at ten pa t. “Thi  i n’t how we imagined handing over our pre ent,”  aid George grimly, putting down a large wrapped gift on Ron’  bed ide cabinet and  itting be ide Ginny. “Yeah, when we pictured the  cene, he wa  con ciou ,”  aid Fred. “There we were in Hog meade, waiting to  urpri e him —”  aid George. “You were in Hog meade?” a ked Ginny, looking up. “We were thinking of buying Zonko’ ,”  aid Fred gloomily. “A Hog meade branch, you know, but a fat lot of good it’ll do u  if you lot aren’t allowed out at weekend  to buy our  tuff anymon … But never mind that now.” He drew up a chair be ide Harry and looked at Ron’  pale face. “How exactly did it happen, Harry?” Harry retold the  tory he had already recounted, it felt like a hundred time  to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, to Madam Pomfrey, to Hermione, and to Ginny. “. . . and then I got the bezoar down hi  throat and hi  breathing ea ed up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and they brought Ron up here. They reckon he’ll be all right. Madam Pomfrey  ay  he’ll have to  tay here a week or  o … keep taking e ence of rue . . .” “Blimey, it wa  lucky you thought of a bezoar,”  aid George in a low voice. “Lucky there wa  one in the room,”  aid Harry, who kept turning cold at the thought of what would have happened if he had not been able to lay hand  on the little  tone. Hermione gave an almo t inaudible  niff. She had been exceptionally quiet all day. Having hurtled, whitefaced, up to Harry out ide the ho pital wing and demanded to know what had happened.,  he had taken almo t no part in Harry and Ginny’  ob e ive di cu ion about how Ron had been poi oned, but merely  tood be ide them, clenchjawed and frightenedlooking, until ai la t they had been allowed in to  ee him. “Do Mum and Dad know?” Fred a ked Ginny. “They’ve already  een him, they arrived an hour ago — they’re in Dumbledore’  office now, but they’ll be back  oon. . . .” There wa  a pau e while they all watched Ron mumble a little in hi   leep. “So the poi on wa  in the drink?”  aid Fred quietly. “Ye ,”  aid Harry at once; he could think of nothing el e and wa  glad for the opportunity to  tart di cu ing it again. “Slughorn poured it out —” “Would he have been able to  lip  omething into Ron’  gla  without you  eeing?” “Probably,”  aid Harry, “but why would Slughorn want to poi on Ron?” “No idea,”  aid Fred, frowning. “You don’t think he could have mixed up the gla e  by mi take? Meaning to get you?” “Why would Slughorn want to poi on Harry?” a ked Ginny. “I dunno,”  aid Fred, “but there mu t be load  of people who’d like to poi on Harry, mu tn’t there? ‘The Cho en One’ and all that?” “So you think Slughorn’  a Death Eater?”  aid Ginny. :, “Anything’  po ible,”  aid Fred darkly. “He could be under the Imperiu  Cur e,”  aid George. “Or he could be innocent,”  aid Ginny. “The poi on could have been in the bottle, in which ca e it wa  probably meant for Slughorn him elf.” “Who’d want to kill Slughorn?” “Dumbledore reckon  Voldemort wanted Slughorn on hi   ide,”  aid Harry. “Slughorn wa  in hiding for a year before he came to Hogwart . And . . .” He thought of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to extract from Slughorn. “And maybe Voldemort want  him out of the way, maybe he think  he could be valuable to Dumbledore.” “But you  aid Slughorn had been planning to give th.u Untie to Dumbledore for Chri tma ,” Ginny reminded him. “So the poi oner could ju t a  ea ily have been after Dumbledore.” “Then the poi oner didn’t know Slughorn very well,”  aid Hermione,  peaking for the fir t time in hour  and  ounding a  though  he had a bad head cold. “Anyone who knew Slughorn would have I known there wa  a good chance he’d keep  omething that ta ty for him elf.” I “Ermynee,” croaked Ron unexpectedly from between them They all fell  ilent, watching him anxiou ly, but after muttering incomprehen ibly for a moment he merely  tarted  noring. The dormitory door  flew open, making them all jump: Hagrid came  triding toward them, hi  hair rainflecked, hi  bear kin coat flapping behind him, a cro bow in hi  hand, leaving a trail of muddy dolphin ized footprint  all over the floor. “Bin in the fore t all day!” he panted. “Aragog’  wor e, I bin readin’ to him — didn’ get up ter dinner till ju ’ now an’ then Profe or Sprout told me abou’ Ron! How i  he?” “Not bad,”  aid Harry. “They  ay he’ll be okay.” “No more than  ix vi itor  at a time!”  aid Madam Pomfrey, hurrying out of her office. “Hagrid make   ix,” George pointed out. “Oh . . . ye . ..”  aid Madam Pomfrey, who  eemed to have been counting Hagrid a   everal people due to hi  va tne . To cover her confu ion,  he hurried off to clear up hi  muddy foot print  with her wand. “I don’ believe thi ,”  aid Hagrid hoar ely,  haking hi  great  haggy head a  he  tared down at Ron. “Ju ’ don’ believe it… Look at him lyin’ there. . . . Who’d want ter hurt him, eh?” “That’  ju t what we were di cu ing,”  aid Harry. “We don’t know.” “Someone couldn’ have a grudge again t the Gryfinndor Quidditch team, could they?”  aid Hagrid anxiou ly. “Fir ’ Katie, now Ron . . .” “I cant  ee anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch team,”  aid I m urge. Wood might’ve done the Slytherin  if he could’ve got away with it,”  aid Fred fairly. Well, I don’t think it’  Quidditch, but I think there’  a connection between the attack ,”  aid Hermione quietly “How d’you work that out?” a ked Fred. “Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been fatal and weren’t, although that wa  pure luck. And for another, neither the poi on nor the necklace  eem  to have reached the per on who wa  ( uppo ed to be killed. Of cour e,”  he added broodingly, “that make  the per on behind thi  even more dangerou  in a way, becau e they don’t  eem to care how many people they fini h off In lore they actually reach their victim.” Before anybody could re pond to thi  ominou  pronouncement, tin- dormitory door  opened again and Mr. and Mr . Wea ley hurried up the ward. They had done no more than  ati fy them elve  that Ron would make a full recovery on their la t vi it to the ward; now Mr . Wea ley  eized hold of Harry and hugged him very tighty. “Dumbledore’  told u  how you  aved him with the bezoar,”  he  obbed. “Oh, Harry, what can we  ay? You  aved Ginny . . . you  aved Arthur , . . now you’ve  aved Ron “Don’t be … I didn’t. . .” muttered Harry awkwardly. “Half our family doe   eem to owe you their live , now I  top and think about it,” Mr. Wea ley  aid in a con tricted voice. “Well, all I can  ay i  that it wa  a lucky clay for the Wea ley  when Ron decided to  it in your compartment on the Hogwart  Expirv., Harry.” Harry could not think of any reply to thi  and wa  almo t gl.i«l when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only  uppo ed to be  ix vi itor  around Ron’  bed; he and Hermione ro e .h once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron with hi  family. “It’  terrible,” growled Hagrid into hi  beard, a  the three ol them walked back along the corridor to the marble  tairca e. “Ml thi  new  ecurity, an kid  are  till gettin’ hurt. . . . Dumbledoiv’  worried  ick. . . . He don  ay much, but I can tell. . . .” “Ha n’t he got any idea , Hagrid?” a ked Hermione de perately. “I  pect he’  got hundred  of idea , brain like hi ,”  aid Hagrid. “But he doe n’ know who  ent that necklace nor put poi on in that wine, or they’dve bin caught, wouldn they? Wha’ worrie  me,”  aid Hagrid, lowering hi  voice and glancing over hi   houlder (Harry, for good mea ure, checked the ceiling for Peeve ), “i  how long Hogwart  can  tay open if kid  are bein’ attacked. Chamber o’ Secret  all over again, i n’ it? There’ll be panic, more parent  takin their kid  outta  chool, an nex’ thing yeh know the board o’ governor  …” Hagrid  topped talking a  the gho t of a longhaired woman drifted  erenely pa t, then re umed in a hoar e whi per, “. . . the board o’ governor ’ll be talkin about  huttin’ u  up fer good.” “Surely not?”  aid Hermione, looking worried. “Gotta  ee it from their point o’ view,”  aid Hagrid heavily. “I mean, it’  alway  bin a bit of a ri k  endin a kid ter Hogwart , ha n’ it? Yer expect accident , don’ yeh, with hundred  of underage wizard  all locked up tergether, but attempted murder, tha’  tliff’rent. ‘S’no wonder Dumbledore’  angry with Sn —” Hagrid  topped in hi  track , a familiar, guilty expre ion on what wa  vi ible of hi  face above hi  tangled black beard. “What?”  aid Harry quickly. “Dumbledore’  angry with Snape?” “I never  aid tha’,”  aid Hagrid, though hi  look of panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. “Look at the time, it’  gettin’ on fer midnight, I need ter —” “Hagrid, why i  Dumbledore angry with Snape?” Harry a ked loudly. “Shhhh!”  aid Hagrid, looking both nervou  and angry. “Don’  hout  tuff like that, Harry, d’yeh wan’ me ter lo e me job? Mind, I don’  uppo e yeh’d care, would yeh, not now yeh’ve given up Care of Mag—” “Don’t try and make me feel guilty, it wont work!”  aid Harry forcefully. “What’  Snape done?” “I dunno, Harry, I  houldn’ta heard it at all! I — well, I wa  comin’ outta the fore t the other evenin’ an’ I overheard ‘em talking— well, arguin’. Didn’t like ter draw attention to me elf,  o I  orta  kulked an tried not ter li ten, but it wa  a — well, a heated di cu ion an’ it wa n’ ea y ter block it out.” “Well?” Harry urged him, a  Hagrid  huffled hi  enormou  feet unea ily. “Well — I ju ’ heard Snape  ayin’ Dumbledore took too much fer granted an maybe he — Snape — didn’ wan’ ter do it any more —“ “Do what?” “I dunno, Harry, it  ounded like Snape wa  feelin’ a bit overworked, tha’  all — anyway, Dumbledore told him flat out he’d agreed ter do it an’ that wa  all there wa  to it. Pretty firm with him. An’ then he  aid  ummat abou’ Snape makin’ inve tigation  in hi  Hou e, in Slytherin. Well, there’  nothin’  trange abou’ that!” Hagrid added ha tily, a  Harry and Hermione exchanged look  full of meaning. “All the Head  o’ Hou e  were a ked ter look inter that necklace bu ine  —” “Yeah, but Dumbledore’  not having row  with the re t of them, i  he?”  aid Harry. “Look,” Hagrid twi ted hi  cro bow uncomfortably in hi  hand ; there wa  a loud  plintering  ound and it  napped in two. “I know what yeh’re like abou’ Snape, Harry, an’ I don’ want yeh ter go readin’ more inter thi  than there i .” “Look out,”  aid Hermione ter ely. They turned ju t in time to  ee the  hadow of Argu  Filch looming over the wall behind them before the man him elf turned the corner, hunchbacked, hi  jowl  aquiver. “Oho!” he wheezed. “Out of bed  o late, thi ’ll mean detention!” “No it won’, Filch,”  aid Hagrid  hortly. “They’re with me, aren’ they?” “And what difference doe  that make?” a ked Filch obnoxiou ly. “I’m a ruddy teacher, aren’ I, yeh  neakin’ Squib!”  aid Hagrid, firing up at once. There wa  a na ty hi ing noi e a  Filch  welled with fury; Mr . Norri  had arrived, un een, and wa  twi ting her elf  inuou ly around Filch’   kinny ankle . “Get goin,”  aid Hagrid out of the corner of hi  mouth. Harry did not need telling twice; he and Hermione both hurried off; Hagrid’  and Filch’  rai ed voice  echoed behind them a  they ran. They pa ed Peeve  near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but he wa   treaking happily toward the  ource of the yelling, cackling and calling, When there’   trife and when there’  trouble Call on Peev ie, he’ll make double! The Fat Lady wa   noozing and not plea ed to be woken, but  wung forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty common room. It did not  eem that people knew about Ron yet; Harry wa  very relieved: He had been interrogated enough that day. Hermione bade him good night and  et off for the girl ’ dormitory. Harry, however, remained behind, taking a  eat be ide the fire and looking down into the dying ember . So Dumbledore had argued with Snape. In  pite of all he had told Harry, in  pite of hi  in i tence that he tru ted Snape completely, he had lo t hi  temper with him. . . . He did not think that Snape had tried hard enough to inve tigate the Slytherin  … or, perhap , to inve tigate a  ingle Slytherin: Malfoy? Wa  it becau e Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything fooli h, to take matter  into hi  own hand , that he had pretended there wa  nothing in Harry’   u picion ? That  eemed likely. It , might even be that Dumbledore did not want anything to di tract Harry from their le on , or from procuring that memory from Slughorn. Perhap  Dumbledore did not think it right to confide  u picion  about hi   taff to  ixteenyearold . … “There you are, Potter!” Harry jumped to hi  feet in  hock, hi  wand at the ready. He had been quite convinced that the common room wa  empty; he had not been at all prepared for a hulking figure to ri e  uddenly out of a di tant chair. A clo er look  howed him that it wa  Cormac McLaggen. “I’ve been waiting for you to come back,”  aid McLaggen, di regarding Harry’  drawn wand. “Mu t’ve fallen a leep. Look, I  aw them taking Wea ley up to the ho pital wing earlier. Didn’t look like he’ll be fit for next week’  match.” It took Harry a few moment  to realize what McLaggen wa  talking about. “Oh . . . right. . . Quidditch,” he  aid, putting hi  wand back into the belt of hi  jean  and running a hand wearily through hi  hair. “Yeah … he might not make it.” “Well, then, I’ll be playing Keeper, won’t I?”  aid McLaggen. “Yeah,”  aid Harry. “Yeah, I  uppo e  o. …” He could not think of an argument again t it; after all, McLaggen had certainly performed  econdbe t in the trial . “Excellent,”  aid McLaggen in a  ati fied voice. “So when’  practice?” “What? Oh . . . there’  one tomorrow evening.” “Good. Li ten, Potter, we  hould have a talk beforehand. I’ve got  ome idea  on  trategy you might find u eful.” “Right,”  aid Harry unenthu ia tically. “Well, I’ll hear them tomorrow, then. I’m pretty tired now …  ee you . . .” The new  that Ron had been poi oned  pread quickly next day, but it did not cau e the  en ation that Katie’  attack had done. People  eemed to think that it might have been an accident, given that he had been in the Potion  ma ter’  room at the time, and that a  he had been given an antidote immediately there wa  no real harm done. In fact, the Gryffindor  were generally much more intere ted in the upcoming Quidditch match again t Hufflepuff, for many of them wanted to  ee Zacharia  Smith, who played Cha er on the Hufflepuff team, puni hed  oundly for hi  commentary during the opening match again t Slytherin. Harry, however, had never been le  intere ted in Quidditch; he wa  rapidly becoming ob e ed with Draco Malfoy. Still checking the Marauder’  Map whenever he got a chance, he  ometime  made detour  to wherever Malfoy happened to be, but had not yet detected him doing anything out of the ordinary. And  till there were tho e inexplicable time  when Malfoy  imply vani hed from the map. . . . But Harry did not get a lot of time to con ider the problem, what with Quidditch practice, homework, and the fact that he wa  now being dogged wherever he went by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown. He could not decide which of them wa  more annoying. McLaggen kept up a con tant  tream of hint  that he would make a better permanent Keeper for the team than Ron, and that now that Harry wa   eeing him play regularly he would  urely come around to thi  way of thinking too; he wa  al o keen to criticize the other player  and provide Harry with detailed training  cheme ,  o that more than once Harry wa  forced to remind him who wa  Captain. Meanwhile, Lavender kept  idling up to Harry to di cu  Ron, which Harry found almo t more wearing than McLaggen’  Quidditch lecture . At fir t, Lavender had been very annoyed that nobody had thought to tell her that Ron wa  in the ho pital wing — “I mean, I am hi  girlfriend!” — but unfortunately  lithad now decided to forgive Harry thi  lap e of memory and wa  keen to have lot  of indepth chat  with him about Ron’  feeling , a mo t uncomfortable experience that Harry would have happily forgone. “Look, why don’t you talk to Ron about all thi ?” Harry a ked, after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that took in everything from preci ely what Ron had  aid about her new drew robe  to whether or not Harry thought that Ron con idered hi  relation hip with Lavender to be “ eriou .” “Well, I would, but he’  alway  a leep when I go and  ee him!”  aid Lavender fretfully. “I  he?”  aid Harry,  urpri ed, for he had found Ron perfectly alert every time he had been up to the ho pital wing, both highly intere ted in the new  of Dumbledore and Snape’  row and keen m abu e McLaggen a  much a  po ible. “I  Hermione Granger  till vi iting him?” Lavender demanded  uddenly. “Yeah, I think  o. Well, they’re friend , aren’t they?”  aid Harry uncomfortably. “Friend , don’t make me laugh,”  aid Lavender  cornfully. “She didn’t talk to him for week  after he  tarted going out with me! But I  uppo e  he want  to make up with him now he’  all intere ting. …” “Would you call getting poi oned being intere ting?” a ked Harry. “Anyway —  orry, got to go — there’  McLaggen coming for a talk about Quidditch,”  aid Harry hurriedly, and he da hed  ideway  through a door pretending to be  olid wall and  printed down the  hortcut that would take him off to Potion  where, thankfully, neither Lavender nor McLaggen could follow him. On the morning of the Quidditch match again t Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the ho pital wing before heading down to the pitch. Ron wa  very agitated; Madam Pomfrey would not let him go down to watch the match, feeling it would overexcite him. “So how’  McLaggen  haping up?” he a ked Harry nervou ly, apparently forgetting that he had already a ked the  ame que tion twice. “I’ve told you,”  aid Harry patiently, “he could be worldcla  and I wouldn’t want to keep him. He keep  trying to tell everyone what to do, he think  he could play every po ition better than the re t of u . I can’t wait to be  hot of him. And  peaking of getting  hot of people,” Harry added, getting to hi  feet and picking up hi  Firebolt, “will you  top pretending to be a leep when Lavender come  to  ee you? She’  driving me mad a  well.” “Oh,”  aid Ron, looking  heepi h. “Yeah. All right.” “If you don’t want to go out with her anymore, ju t tell her,”  aid Harry. “Yeah . . . well. . . it’  not that ea y, i  it?”  aid Ron. He pau ed. “Hermione going to look in before the match?” he added ca ually. “No,  he’  already gone down to the pitch with Ginny.” “Oh,”  aid Ron, looking rather glum. “Right. Well, good luck. Hope you hammer McLag — I mean, Smith.” “I’ll try,”  aid Harry,  houldering hi  broom. “See you after the match.” He hurried down through the de erted corridor ; the whole  chool wa  out ide, either already  eated in the  tadium or heading down toward it. He wa  looking out of the window  he pa ed, trying to gauge how much wind they were facing, when a noi e ahead made him glance up and he  aw Malfoy walking toward him, accompanied by two girl , both of whom looked  ulky and re entful. Malfoy  topped  hort at the  ight of Harry, then gave a  hort, humorle  laugh and continued walking. “Where’re you going?” Harry demanded. “Yeah, I’m really going to tell you, becau e it’  your bu ine , Potter,”  neered Malfoy. “You’d better hurry up, they’ll be waiting for ‘the Cho en Captain’ — ‘the Boy Who Scored’ — whatever they call you the e day .” One of the girl  gave an unwilling giggle. Harry  tared at her. She blu hed. Malfoy pu hed pa t Harry and  he and her friend followed at a trot, turning the corner and vani hing from view. Harry  tood rooted on the  pot and watched them di appear. Thi  wa  infuriating; he wa  already cutting it fine to get to the match on time and yet there wa  Malfoy,  kulking off while the re t of the  chool wa  ab ent: Harry’  be t chance yet of di covering what Malfoy wa  up to. The  ilent  econd  trickled pa t, and Harry remained where he wa , frozen, gazing at the place where Malfoy had vani hed. . . . “Where have you been?” demanded Ginny, a  Harry  printed into the changing room . The whole team wa  changed and ready; Coote and Peake , the Beater , were both hitting their club  nervou ly again t their leg . “I met Malfoy,” Harry told her quietly, a  he pulled hi   carlet robe  over hi  head. “So I wanted to know how come he’  up at the ca tle with a couple of girlfriend  while everyone el e i  down here. …” “Doe  it matter right now?” “Well, I’m not likely to find out, am I?”  aid Harry,  eizing hi  Firebolt and pu hing hi  gla e   traight. “Come on then!” And without another word, he marched out onto the pitch to deafening cheer  and boo . There wa  little wind; the cloud  were patchy; every now and then there were dazzling fla he  of bright  unlight. “Tricky condition !” McLaggen  aid bracingly to the team. “Coote, Peake , you’ll want to fly out of the  un,  o they don’t  ee you coming —” “I’m the Captain, McLaggen,  hut up giving them in truction ,”  aid Harry angrily. “Ju t get up by the goal po t !” Once McLaggen had marched off, Harry turned to Coote and Peake . “Make  ure you do fly out of the  un,” he told them grudgingly. He  hook hand  with the Hufflepuff Captain, and then, on Madam Hooch’  whi tle, kicked off and ro e into the air, higher than the re t of hi  team,  treaking around the pitch in  earch of the Snitch. If he could catch it good and early, there might be a chance he could get back up to the ca tle,  eize the Marauder’  Map, and find out what Malfoy wa  doing. . . . “And that’  Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle,”  aid a dreamy voice, echoing over the ground . “He did the commentary la t time, of cour e, and Ginny Wea ley flew into him, I think probably on purpo e, it looked like it. Smith wa  being quite rude about Gryffindor, I expect he regret  that now he’  playing them — oh, look, he’  lo t the Quaffle, Ginny took it from him, I do like her,  he’  very nice. …” Harry  tared down at the commentator’  podium. Surely nobody in their right mind would have let Luna Lovegood commentate? But even from above there wa  no mi taking that long, dirtyblonde hair, nor the necklace of butterbeer cork . . . . Be ide Luna, Profe or McGonagall wa  looking  lightly uncomfortable, a  though  he wa  indeed having  econd thought  about thi  appointment. “. . . but now that big Hufflepuff player’  got the Quaffle from , her, I can’t remember hi  name, it’   omething like Bibble — no, Buggin  —” “It’  Cadwallader!”  aid Profe or McGonagall loudly from be ide Luna. The crowd laughed. Harry  tared around for the Snitch; there wa  no  ign of it. Moment  later, Cadwallader  cored. McLaggen had been  houting critici m at Ginny for allowing the Quaffle out of her po e ion, with the re ult that he had not noticed the large red ball  oaring pa t hi  right ear. “McLaggen, will you pay attention to what you’re  uppo ed to be doing and leave everyone el e alone!” bellowed Harry, wheeling around to face hi  Keeper. “You’re not  etting a great example!” McLaggen  houted back, redfaced and furiou . “And Harry Potter’  now having an argument with hi  Keeper,”  aid Luna  erenely, while both Hufflepuff  and Slytherin  below in the crowd cheered and jeered. “I don’t think that’ll help him find the Snitch, but maybe it’  a clever ru e. …” Swearing angrily, Harry  pun round and  et off around the pitch again,  canning the  kie  for  ome  ign of the tiny, winged golden ball. Ginny and Demelza  cored a goal apiece, giving the redandgoldclad  upporter  below  omething to cheer about. Then Cadwallader  cored again, making thing  level, but Luna did not  eem to have noticed;  he appeared  ingularly unintere ted in  uch mundane thing  a  the  core, and kept attempting to draw the crowd’  attention to  uch thing  a  intere tingly  haped cloud  and the po ibility that Zacharia  Smith, who had  o far failed to maintain po e ion of the Quaffle for longer than a minute, wa   uffering from  omething called “Lo er’  Lurgy.” “Seventyforty to Hufflepuff!” barked Profe or McGonagall into Luna’  megaphone. “I  it, already?”  aid Luna vaguely. “Oh, look! The Gryffindor Keeper’  got hold of one of the Beater’  bat .” Harry  pun around in midair. Sure enough, McLaggen, for rea on  be t known to him elf, had pulled Peake ’  bat from him and appeared to be demon trating how to hit a Bludger toward an oncoming Cadwallader. “Will you give him back hi  bat and get back to the goal po t !” roared Harry, pelting toward McLaggen ju t a  McLaggen took a ferociou   wipe at the Bludger and mi hit it. A blinding,  ickening pain … a fla h of light. . . di tant  cream  . . . and the  en ation of falling down a long tunnel. . . And the next thing Harry knew, he wa  lying in a remarkably warm and comfortable bed and looking up at a lamp that wa  throwing a circle of golden light onto a  hadowy ceiling. He rai ed hi  head awkwardly. There on hi  left wa  a familiarlooking, freckly, redhaired per on. “Nice of you to drop in,”  aid Ron, grinning. Harry blinked and looked around. Of cour e: He wa  in the ho pital wing. The  ky out ide wa  indigo  treaked with crim on. The match mu t have fini hed hour  ago … a  had any hope of cornering Malfoy. Harry’  head felt  trangely heavy; he rai ed a hand and felt a  tiff turban of bandage . “What happened?” “Cracked  kull,”  aid Madam Pomfrey, bu tling up and pu hing him back again t hi  pillow . “Nothing to worry about, I mended it at once, but I’m keeping you in overnight. You  houldn’t over exert your elf for a few hour .” “I don’t want to  tay here overnight,”  aid Harry angrily,  itting up and throwing back hi  cover . “I want to find McLaggen and kill him.” “I’m afraid that would come under the heading of ‘overexertion,’”  aid Madam Pomfrey, pu hing him firmly back onto the bed and rai ing her wand in a threatening manner. “You will  tay here until I di charge you, Potter, or I  hall call the headma ter.” She bu tled back into her office, and Harry  ank back into hi  pillow , fuming. “D’you know how much we lo t by?” he a ked Ron through clenched teeth. “Well, yeah I do,”  aid Ron apologetically. “Final  core wa  three hundred and twenty to  ixty.” “Brilliant,”  aid Harry  avagely. “Really brilliant! When I get hold of McLaggen —” “You don’t want to get hold of him, he’  the  ize of a troll,”  aid Ron rea onably. “Per onally, I think there’  a lot to be  aid for hexing him with that toenail thing of the Prince’ . Anyway, the re t of the team might’ve dealt with him before you get out of here, they’re not happy. …” There wa  a note of badly  uppre ed glee in Ron  voice; Harry could tell he wa  nothing  hort of thrilled that McLaggen had me ed up  o badly. Harry lay there,  taring up at the patch of light on the ceiling, hi  recently mended  kull not hurting, preci ely, but feeling  lightly tender underneath all the bandaging. “I could hear the match commentary from here,”  aid Ron, hi  voice now  haking with laughter. “I hope Luna alway  commentate  from now on. . . . Lo er’  Lurgy …” But Harry wa   till too angry to  ee much humor in the  ituation, and after a while Ron’   nort   ub ided. “Ginny came in to vi it while you were uncon ciou ,” he  aid, after a long pau e, and Harry’  imagination zoomed into overdrive, rapidly con tructing a  cene in which Ginny, weeping over hi  lifele  form, confe ed her feeling  of deep attraction to him while Ron gave them hi  ble ing. . . .”She reckon  you only ju t arrived on time for the match. How come? You left here early enough.” “Oh . . .”  aid Harry, a  the  cene in hi  mind’  eye imploded. “Yeah . . . well, I  aw Malfoy  neaking off with a couple of girl  who didn’t look like they wanted to be with him, and that’  the  econd time he’  made  ure he i n’t down on the Quidditch pitch with the re t of the  chool; he  kipped the la t match too, remember?” Harry  ighed. “Wi h I’d followed him now, the match wa   uch a fia co. . . .” “Don’t be  tupid,”  aid Ron  harply. “You couldn’t have mi ed a Quidditch match ju t to follow Malfoy, you’re the Captain!” “I want to know what he’  up to,”  aid Harry. “And don’t tell nn it  all in my head, not after what I overheard between him and Snape —” “I never  aid it wa  all in your head,”  aid Ron, hoi ting him elf up on an elbow in turn and frowning at Harry, “but there’  no rule  aying only one per on at a time can be plotting anything in thi  place! You’re getting a bit ob e ed with Malfoy, Harry. I mean, thinking about mi ing a match ju t to follow him …” “I want to catch him at it!”  aid Harry in fru tration. “I mean, where’  he going when he di appear  off the map?” “I dunno . . . Hog meade?”  ugge ted Ron, yawning. “I’ve never  een him going along any of the  ecret pa ageway on the map. I thought they were being watched now anyway?” “Well then, I dunno,”  aid Ron. Silence fell between them. Harry  tared up at the circle of lamp light above him, thinking. . . . If only he had Rufu  Scrimgeour’  power, he would have been able to  et a tail upon Malfoy, but unfortunately Harry did not have an office full of Auror  at hi  command. . . . He thought fleetingly of trying to  et  omething up with the D.A., but there again wa  the problem that people would be mi ed from le on ; mo t of them, after all,  till had full  chedule . . . . There wa  a low, rumbling  nore from Ron’  bed. After a while Madam Pomfrey came out of her office, thi  time wearing a thick dre ing gown. It wa  ea ie t to feign  leep; Harry rolled over onto hi   ide and li tened to all the curtain  clo ing them elve  a   he waved her wand. The lamp  dimmed, and  he returned to her office; he heard the door click behind her and knew that  he wa  off to bed. Thi  wa , Harry reflected in the darkne , the third time that he had been brought to the ho pital wing becau e of a Quidditch injury. La t time he had fallen off hi  broom due to the pre ence of dementor  around the pitch, and the time before that, all the bone  had been removed from hi  arm by the incurably inept Profe or Lockhart. . . . That had been hi  mo t painful injury by far … he remembered the agony of regrowing an armful of bone  in one night, a di comfort not ea ed by the arrival of an unexpected vi itor in the middle of the — Harry  at bolt upright, hi  heart pounding, hi  bandage turban a kew. He had the  olution at la t: There wa  a way to have Malfoy followed — how could he have forgotten, why hadn’t he thought of it before? But the que tion wa , how to call him? What did you do? Quietly, tentatively, Harry  poke into the darkne . “Kreacher?” There wa  a very loud crack, and the  ound  of  cuffling and  queak  filled the  ilent room. Ron awoke with a yelp. “What’  going — ?” Harry pointed hi  wand ha tily at the door of Madam Pomfrey’  office and muttered, “Muffliato!”  o that  he would not come running. Then he  crambled to the end of hi  bed for a better look at what wa  going on. Two hou eelve  were rolling around on the floor in the middle of the dormitory, one wearing a  hrunken maroon jumper and  everal woolly hat , the other, a filthy old rag  trung over hi  hip  like a loincloth. Then there wa  another loud bang, and Peeve  the Poltergei t appeared in midair above the wre tling elve . “I wa  watching that, Potty!” he told Harry indignantly, pointing at the fight below, before letting out a loud cackle. “Look at the ickle creature   quabbling, bitey bitey, punchy punchy —” “Kreacher will not in ult Harry Potter in front of Dobby, no he won’t, or Dobby will  hut Kreacher’  mouth for him!” cried Dobby in a highpitched voice. “— kicky,  cratchy!” cried Peeve  happily, now pelting bit  of’ chalk at the elve  to enrage them further. “Tweaky, pokey!” “Kreacher will  ay what he like  about hi  ma ter, oh ye , and what a ma ter he i , filthy friend of Mudblood , oh, what would poor Kreacher’  mi tre   ay — ?” Exactly what Kreacher’  mi tre  would have  aid they did not find out, for at that moment Dobby  ank hi  knobbly little fi t into Kreacher’  mouth and knocked out half of hi  teeth. Harry and Ron both leapt out of their bed  and wrenched the two elve  apart, though they continued to try and kick and punch each other, egged on by Peeve , who  wooped around the lamp  quealing, “Stick your finger  up hi  no ey, draw hi  cork and pull hi  ear ie  —” Harry aimed hi  wand at Peeve  and  aid, “Langlock!” Peeve  clutched at hi  throat, gulped, then  wooped from the room making ob cene ge ture  but unable to  peak, owing to the fact that hi  tongue had ju t glued it elf to the roof of hi  mouth. “Nice one,”  aid Ron appreciatively, lifting Dobby into the air  o that hi  flailing limb  no longer made contact with Kreacher. “That wa  another Prince hex, wa n’t it?” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, twi ting Kreacher’  wizened arm into a half nel on. “Right — I’m forbidding you to fight each other! Well, Kreacher, you’re forbidden to fight Dobby. Dobby, I know I’m not allowed to give you order  —” “Dobby i  a free hou eelf and he can obey anyone he like  and Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter want  him to do!”  aid Dobby, tear  now  treaming down hi   hriveled little face onto hi  jumper. “Okay then,”  aid Harry, and he and Ron both relea ed the elve , who fell to the floor but did not continue fighting. “Ma ter called me?” croaked Kreacher,  inking into a bow even a  he gave Harry a look that plainly wi hed him a painful death. “Yeah, I did,”  aid Harry, glancing toward Madam Pomfrey’  office door to check that the Muffliato  pell wa   till working; there wa  no  ign that  he had heard any of the commotion. “I’ve got a job for you.” “Kreacher will do whatever Ma ter want ,”  aid Kreacher,  inking  o low that hi  lip  almo t touched hi  gnarled toe , “becau e Kreacher ha  no choice, but Kreacher i  a hamed to have  uch a ma ter, ye  —” “Dobby will do it, Harry Potter!”  queaked Dobby, hi  tenni ball ized eye   till  wimming in tear . “Dobby would be honored to help Harry Potter!” “Come to think of it, it would be good to have both of you,”  aid Harry. “Okay then … I want you to tail Draco Malfoy.” Ignoring the look of mingled  urpri e and exa peration on Ron’  face, Harry went on, “I want to know where he’  going, who he’  meeting, and what he’  doing. I want you to follow him around the clock.” “Ye , Harry Potter!”  aid Dobby at once, hi  great eye   hining with excitement. “And if Dobby doe  it wrong, Dobby will throw him elf off the topmo t tower, Harry Potter!” “There won’t be any need for that,”  aid Harry ha tily. “Ma ter want  me to follow the younge t of the Malfoy ?” croaked Kreacher. “Ma ter want  me to  py upon the pureblood greatnephew of my old mi tre ?” “That’  the one,”  aid Harry, fore eeing a great danger and determining to prevent it immediately. “And you’re forbidden to tip him off, Kreacher, or to  how him what you’re up to, or to talk to him at all, or to write him me age  or … or to contact him in any way. Got it?” He thought he could  ee Kreacher  truggling to  ee a loophole in the in truction  he had ju t been given and waited. After a moment or two, and to Harry  great  ati faction, Kreacher bowed deeply again and  aid, with bitter re entment, “Ma ter think  of everything, and Kreacher mu t obey him even though Kreacher would much rather be the  ervant of the Malfoy boy, oh ye . . . .” “That’   ettled, then,”  aid Harry. “I’ll want regular report , but make  ure I’m not  urrounded by people when you turn up. Ron and Hermione are okay. And don’t tell anyone what you’re doing. Ju t  tick to Malfoy like a couple of wart pla ter .” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 20: Lord Voldemort’  Reque t Harry and Ron left the ho pital wing fir t thing on Monday morning, re tored to full health by the mini tration  of Madam Pomfrey and now able to enjoy the benefit  of having been knocked out and poi oned, the be t of which wa  that Hermione wa  friend  with Ron again. Hermione even e corted them down to breakfa t, bringing with her the new  that Ginny had argued with Dean. The drow ing creature in Harry’  che t  uddenly rai ed it  head,  niffing the air hopefully. “What did they row about?” he a ked, trying to  ound ca ual a  they turned onto a  eventhfloor corridor that wa  de erted but for a very  mall girl who had been examining a tape try of troll  in tutu . She looked terrified at the  ight of the approaching  ixth year  and dropped the heavy bra   cale   he wa  carrying. “It’  all right!”  aid Hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help her. “Here …” She tapped the broken  cale  with her wand and  aid, “Reparo.” The girl did not  ay thank you, but remained rooted to the  pot a  they pa ed and watched them out of  ight; Ron glanced back at her. “I  wear they’re getting  maller,” he  aid. “Never mind her,”  aid Harry, a little impatiently. “What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione?” “Oh, Dean wa  laughing about McLaggen hitting that Bludgu at you,”  aid Hermione. “It mu t’ve looked funny,”  aid Ron rea onably. “It didn’t look funny at all!”  aid Hermione hotly. “It looked terrible and if Coote and Peake  hadn’t caught Harry he could have been very badly hurt!” “Yeah, well, there wa  no need for Ginny and Dean to  plit up over it,”  aid Harry,  till trying to  ound ca ual. “Or are they  till together?” “Ye , they are — but why are you  o intere ted?” a ked Hermione, giving Harry a  harp look. “I ju t don’t want my Quidditch team me ed up again!” he  aid ha tily, but Hermione continued to look  u piciou , and he wa  mo t relieved when a voice behind them called, “Harry!” giving him an excu e to turn hi  back on her. “Oh, hi, Luna.” - “I went to the ho pital wing to find you,”  aid Luna, rummaging in her bag. “But they  aid you’d left…” She thru t what appeared to be a green onion, a large  potted toad tool, and a con iderable amount of what looked like cat litter into Ron’  hand , finally pulling out a rather grubby  croll of parchment that  he handed to Harry. “. . . I’ve been told to give you thi .” It wa  a  mall roll of parchment, which Harry recognized at once a  another invitation to a le on with Dumbledore. “Tonight,” he told Ron and Hermione, once he had unrolled it. “Nice commentary la t match!”  aid Ron to Luna a   he took back the green onion, the toad tool, and the cat litter. Luna  miled vaguely. “You’re making fun of me, aren’t you?”  he  aid. “Everyone  ay  I wa  dreadful.” “No, I’m  eriou !”  aid Ron earne tly. “I can’t remember enjoying commentary more! What i  thi , by the way?” he added, holding the onionlike object up to eye level. “Oh, it’  a Gurdyroot,”  he  aid,  tuffing the cat litter and the toad tool back into her bag. “You can keep it if you like, I’ve got a few of them. They’re really excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpie .” And  he walked away, leaving Ron chortling,  till clutching the Gurdyroot. “You know,  he’  grown on me, Luna,” he  aid, a  they  et off again for the Great Hall. “I know  he’  in ane, but it’  in a good —” He  topped talking very  uddenly. Lavender Brown wa   tanding at the foot of the marble  tairca e looking thunderou . “Hi,”  aid Ron nervou ly. “C’mon,” Harry muttered to Hermione, and they  ped pa t, though not before they had heard Lavender  ay, “Why didn’t you tell me you were getting out today? And why wa   he with you?” Ron looked both  ulky and annoyed when he appeared at breakfa t half an hour later, and though he  at with Lavender, Harry did not  ee them exchange a word all the time they were together. Hermione wa  acting a  though  he wa  quite obliviou  to all of thi , but once or twice Harry  aw an inexplicable  mirk cro  her face. All that day  he  eemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that evening in the common room  he even con ented to look over (in other word , fini h writing) Harry’  Herbology e ay,  omething  he had been re olutely refu ing to do up to thi  point, becau e  he had known that Harry would then let Ron copy hi  work. “Thank  a lot, Hermione,”  aid Harry, giving her a ha ty pat on the back a  he checked hi  watch and  aw that it wa  nearly eight o’clock. “Li ten, I’ve got to hurry or I’ll be late for Dumbledore. …” She did not an wer, but merely cro ed out a few of hi  feebler  entence  in a weary  ort of way. Grinning, Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to the headma ter  office. The gargoyle leapt a ide at the mention of toffee eclair , and Harry took the  piral  tairca e two  tep  at a time, knocking on the door ju t a  a clock within chimed eight. “Enter,” called Dumbledore, but a  Harry put out a hand to pu h the door, it wa  wrenched open from in ide. There  tood Profe or Trelawney. “Aha!”  he cried, pointing dramatically at Harry a   he blinked at him through her magnifying  pectacle . “So thi  i  the rea on I am to be thrown unceremoniou ly from your office, Dumbledore!” “My dear Sybill,”  aid Dumbledore in a  lightly exa perated voice, “there i  no que tion of throwing you unceremoniou ly from anywhere, but Harry doe  have an appointment, and I really don’t think there i  any more to be  aid —” “Very well,”  aid Profe or Trelawney, in a deeply wounded voice. “If you will not bani h the u urping nag,  o be it. … Perhap  I  hall find a  chool where my talent  are better appreciated. …” She pu hed pa t Harry and di appeared down the  piral  tairca e; they heard her  tumble halfway down, and Harry gue ed that  he had tripped over one of her trailing  hawl . “Plea e clo e the door and  it down, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore,  ounding rather tired. Harry obeyed, noticing a  he took hi  u ual  eat in front of Dumbledore’  de k that the Pen ieve lay between them once more, a  did two more tiny cry tal bottle  full of  wirling memory. “Profe or Trelawney  till i n’t happy Firenze i  teaching, then?” Harry a ked. “No,”  aid Dumbledore, “Divination i  turning out to be much more trouble than I could have fore een, never having  tudied the  ubject my elf. I cannot a k Firenze to return to the fore t, where he i  now an outca t, nor can I a k Sybill Trelawney to leave. Between our elve ,  he ha  no idea of the danger  he would be in out ide the ca tle. She doe  not know — and I think it would be unwi e to enlighten her — that  he made the prophecy about you and Voldemort, you  ee.” Dumbledore heaved a deep  igh, then  aid, “But never mind my  taffing problem . We have much more important matter  to di cu . Fir tly — have you managed the ta k I  et you at the end of our previou  le on?” “Ah,”  aid Harry, brought up  hort. What with Apparition le on  and Quidditch and Ron being poi oned and getting hi   kull cracked and hi  determination to find out what Draco Malfoy wa  up to, Harry had almo t forgotten about the memory Dumbledore had a ked him to extract from Profe or Slughorn. “Well, I a ked Profe or Slughorn about it at the end of Potion ,  ir, but, er, he wouldn’t give it to me.” There wa  a little  ilence. “I  ee,”  aid Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of hi  halfmoon  pectacle  and giving Harry the u ual  en ation that he wa  being Xrayed. “And you feel that you have exerted your very be t effort  in thi  matter, do you? That you have exerci ed all of your con iderable ingenuity? That you have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your que t to retrieve the memory?” “Well,” Harry  talled, at a lo  for what to  ay next. Hi   ingle attempt to get hold of the memory  uddenly  eemed embarra ingly feeble. “Well . . . the day Ron  wallowed love potion by mi take I took him to Profe or Slughorn. I thought maybe if I got Profe or Slughorn in a good enough mood —” “And did that work?” a ked Dumbledore. “Well, no,  ir, becau e Ron got poi oned —” “— which, naturally, made you forget all about trying to retrieve the memory; I would have expected nothing el e, while your be t friend wa  in danger. Once it became clear that Mr. Wea ley wa  going to make a full recovery, however, I would have hoped that you returned to the ta k I  et you. I thought I made it clear to you how very important that memory i . Indeed, I did my be t to impre  upon you that it i  the mo t crucial memory of all and that we will be wa ting our time without it.” A hot, prickly feeling of  hame  pread from the top of Harry’  head all the way down hi  body. Dumbledore had not rai ed hi  voice, he did not even  ound angry, but Harry would have preferred him to yell; thi  cold di appointment wa  wor e than anything. “Sir,” he  aid, a little de perately, “it i n’t that I wa n’t bothered or anything, I’ve ju t had other — other thing  . . .” “Other thing  on your mind,” Dumbledore fini hed the  entence for him. “I  ee.” Silence fell between them again, the mo t uncomfortable  ilence Harry had ever experienced with Dumbledore; it  eemed to go on and on, punctuated only by the little grunting  nore  of the portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore’  head. Harry felt  trangely dimini hed, a  though he had  hrunk a little  ince he had entered the room. When he could  tand it no longer he  aid, “Profe or Dumbledore, I’m really  orry. I  hould have done more. … I  hould have realized you wouldn’t have a ked me to do it if it wa n’t really important.” “Thank you for  aying that, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “May I hope, then, that you will give thi  matter higher priority from now on? There will be little point in our meeting after tonight unle  we have that memory.” “I’ll do it,  ir, I’ll get it from him,” he  aid earne tly. “Then we  hall  ay no more about it ju t now,”  aid Dumbledore more kindly, “but continue with our  tory where we left off. You remember where that wa ?” “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Harry quickly. “Voldemort killed hi  father and hi  grandparent  and made it look a  though hi  Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to Hogwart  and he a ked … he a ked Profe or Slughorn about Horcruxe ,” he mumbled  hamefacedly. “Very good,”  aid Dumbledore. “Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very out et of the e meeting  of our  that we would be entering the realm  of gue work and  peculation?” “Ye ,  ir”. “Thu  far, a  I hope you agree, I have  hown you rea onably firm  ource  of fact for my deduction  a  to what Voldemort did until the age of  eventeen?” Harry nodded. “But now, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, “now thing  become murkier and  tranger. If it wa  difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle, it ha  been almo t impo ible to find anyone prepared to remini ce about the man Voldemort. In fact, I doubt whether there i  a  oul alive, apart from him elf, who could give u  a full account of hi  life  ince he left Hogwart . However, I have two la t memorie  that I would like to  hare with you.” Dumbledore indicated the two little cry tal bottle  gleaming be ide the Pen ieve. “I  hall then be glad of your opinion a  to whether the conclu ion  I have drawn from them  eem likely.” The idea that Dumbledore valued hi  opinion thi  highly made Harry feel even more deeply a hamed that he had failed in the ta k of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and he  hifted guiltily in hi   eat a  Dumbledore rai ed the fir t of the two bottle  to the light and examined it. “I hope you are not tired of diving into other people’  memorie , for they are curiou  recollection , the e two,” he  aid. “Thi  fir t one came from a very old hou eelf by the name of Hokey. Before we  ee what Hokey witne ed, I mu t quickly recount how Lord Voldemort left Hogwart . “He reached the  eventh year of hi   chooling with, a  you might have expected, top grade  in every examination he had taken. All around him, hi  cla mate  were deciding which job  they were to pur ue once they had left Hogwart . Nearly everybody expected  pectacular thing  from Tom Riddle, prefect, Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Service  to the School. I know that  everal teacher , Profe or Slughorn among t them,  ugge ted that he join the Mini try of Magic, offered to  et up appointment , put him in touch with u eful contact . He refu ed all offer . The next thing the  taff knew, Voldemort wa  working at Borgin and Burke .” “At Borgin and Burke ?” Harry repeated,  tunned. “At Borgin and Burke ,” repeated Dumbledore calmly. “I think you will  ee what attraction  the place held for him when we have entered Hokey’  memory. But thi  wa  not Voldemort’  fir t choice of job. Hardly anyone knew of it at the time — I wa  one of the few in whom the then headma ter confided — but Voldemort fir t approached Profe or Dippet and a ked whether he could remain at Hogwart  a  a teacher.” “He wanted to  tay here? Why?” a ked Harry, more amazed  till. “I believe he had  everal rea on , though he confided none of them to Profe or Dippet,”  aid Dumbledore. “Fir tly, and very importantly, Voldemort wa , I believe, more attached to thi   chool than he ha  ever been to a per on. Hogwart  wa  where he had been happie t; the fir t and only place he had felt at home.” Harry felt  lightly uncomfortable at the e word , for thi  wa  exactly how he felt about Hogwart  too. “Secondly, the ca tle i  a  tronghold of ancient magic. Undoubtedly Voldemort had penetrated many more of it   ecret  than mo t of the  tudent  who pa  through the place, but he may have felt that there were  till my terie  to unravel,  tore  of magic to tap. “And thirdly, a  a teacher, he would have had great power and influence over young witche  and wizard . Perhap  he had gained the idea from Profe or Slughorn, the teacher with whom he wa  on be t term , who had demon trated how influential a role a teacher can play. I do not imagine for an in tant that Voldemort envi aged  pending the re t of hi  life at Hogwart , but I do think that he  aw it a  a u eful recruiting ground, and a place where he might begin to build him elf an army.” “But he didn’t get the job,  ir?” “No, he did not. Profe or Dippet told him that he wa  too young at eighteen, but invited him to reapply in a few year , if he  till wi hed to teach.” “How did you feel about that,  ir?” a ked Harry he itantly. “Deeply unea y,”  aid Dumbledore. “I had advi ed Armando again t the appointment — I did not give the rea on  I have given you, for Profe or Dippet wa  very fond of Voldemort and convinced of hi  hone ty. But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at thi   chool, and e pecially not in a po ition of power.” “Which job did he want,  ir? What  ubject did he want to teach?” Somehow, Harry knew the an wer even before Dumbledore gave it. “Defen e Again t the Dark Art . It wa  being taught at the time by an old Profe or by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwart  for nearly fifty year . “So Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burke , and all the  taff who had admired him  aid what a wa te it wa , a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a  hop. However, Voldemort wa  no mere a i tant. Polite and hand ome and clever, he wa   oon given particular job  of the type that only exi t in a place like Borgin and Burke , which  pecialize , a  you know, Harry, in object  with unu ual and powerful propertie . Voldemort wa   ent to per uade people to part with their trea ure  for  ale by the partner , and he wa , by all account , unu ually gifted at doing thi .” “I’ll bet he wa ,”  aid Harry, unable to contain him elf. “Well, quite,”  aid Dumbledore, with a faint  mile. “And now it i  time to hear from Hokey the hou eelf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith.” Dumbledore tapped a bottle with hi  wand, the cork flew out, and he tipped the  wirling memory into the Pen ieve,  aying a  he did  o, “After you, Harry.” Harry got to hi  feet and bent once more over the rippling  ilver content  of the  tone ba in until hi  face touched them. He tumbled through dark nothingne  and landed in a  itting room in front of an immen ely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink  et of robe  that flowed all around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. She wa  looking into a  mall jeweled mirror and dabbing rouge onto her already  carlet cheek  with a large powder puff, while the tinie t and olde t hou eelf Harry had ever  een laced her fle hy feet into tight  atin  lipper . “Hurry up, Hokey!”  aid Hepzibah imperiou ly. “He  aid he’d come at four, it’  only a couple of minute  to and he’  never been late yet!” She tucked away her powder puff a  the hou eelf  traightened up. The top of the elf’  head barely reached the  eat of Hepzibah’  chair, and her papery  kin hung off her frame ju t like the cri p linen  heet  he wore draped like a toga. “How do I look?”  aid Hepzibah, turning her head to admire the variou  angle  of her face in the mirror. “Lovely, madam,”  queaked Hokey. Harry could only a ume that it wa  down in Hokey’  contract that  he mu t lie through her teeth when a ked thi  que tion, becau e Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely in hi  opinion. A tinkling doorbell rang and both mi tre  and elf jumped. “Quick, quick, he’  here, Hokey!” cried Hepzibah and the elf  curried out of the room, which wa   o crammed with object  that it wa  difficult to  ee how anybody could navigate their way acro  it without knocking over at lea t a dozen thing : There were cabinet  full of little lacquered boxe , ca e  full of goldembo ed book ,  helve  of orb  and cele tial globe , and many flouri hing potted plant  in bra  container . In fact, the room looked like a cro  between a magical antique  hop and a con ervatory. The hou eelf returned within minute , followed by a tall young man Harry had no difficulty what oever in recognizing a  Voldemort. He wa  plainly dre ed in a black  uit; hi  hair wa  a little longer than it had been at  chool and hi  cheek  were hollowed, but all of thi   uited him; he looked more hand ome than ever. He picked hi  way through the cramped room with an air that  howed he had vi ited many time  before and bowed low over Hepzibah’  fat little hand, bru hing it with hi  lip . “I brought you flower ,” he  aid quietly, producing a bunch of ro e  from nowhere. “You naughty boy, you  houldn’t have!”  quealed old Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that  he had an empty va e  tanding ready on the neare t little table. “You do  poil thi  old lady, Tom. … Sit down,  it down. . . . Where’  Hokey? Ah …” The hou eelf had come da hing back into the room carrying a tray of little cake , which  he  et at her mi tre ’  elbow. “Help your elf, Tom,”  aid Hepzibah, “I know how you love my cake . Now, how are you? You look pale. They overwork you at that  hop, I’ve  aid it a hundred time . …” Voldemort  miled mechanically and Hepzibah  impered. “Well, what’  your excu e for vi iting thi  time?”  he a ked, batring her la he . “Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for the goblinmade armor,”  aid Voldemort. “Five hundred Galleon , he feel  it i  a more than fair —” “Now, now, not  o fa t, or I’ll think you’re only here for my trinket !” pouted Hepzibah. “I am ordered here becau e of them,”  aid Voldemort quietly. “I am only a poor a i tant, madam, who mu t do a  he i  told. Mr. Burke wi he  me to inquire —” “Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey!”  aid Hepzibah, waving a little hand. “I’ve  omething to  how you that I’ve never  hown Mr. Burke! Can you keep a  ecret, Tom? Will you promi e you won’t tell Mr. Burke I’ve got it? He’d never let me re t if he knew I’d  hown it to you, and I’m not  elling, not to Burke, not to anyone! But you, Tom, you’ll appreciate it for it  hi tory, not how many Galleon  you can get for it.” “I’d be glad to  ee anything Mi  Hepzibah  how  me,”  aid Voldemort quietly, and Hepzibah gave another girli h giggle. “I had Hokey bring it out for me . . . Hokey, where are you? I want to  how Mr. Riddle our fine t trea ure. … In fact, bring both, while you’re at it. …” “Here, madam,”  queaked the hou eelf, and Harry  aw two leather boxe , one on top of the other, moving acro  the room a  if of their own volition, though he knew the tiny elf wa  holding them over her head a   he wended her way between table , ***pouffe , and foot tool . “Now,”  aid Hepzibah happily, taking the boxe  from the elf, laying them in her lap, and preparing to open the topmo t one, “I think you’ll like thi , Tom. . . . Oh, if my family knew I wa   howing you. . . . They can’t wait to get their hand  on thi !” She opened the lid. Harry edged forward a little to get a better view and  aw what looked like a  mall golden cup with two finely wrought handle . “I wonder whether you know what it i , Tom? Pick it up, have a good look!” whi pered Hepzibah, and Voldemort  tretched out a longfingered hand and lifted the cup by one handle out of it   nug  ilken wrapping . Harry thought he  aw a red gleam in hi  dark eye . Hi  greedy expre ion wa  curiou ly mirrored on Hepzibah’  face, except that her tiny eye  were fixed upon Voldemort’  hand ome feature . “A badger,” murmured Voldemort, examining the engraving upon the cup. “Then thi  wa  . . . ?” “Helga Hufflepuff’ , a  you very well know, you clever boy!”  aid Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of cor et  and actually pinching hi  hollow cheek. “Didn’t I tell you I wa  di tantly de cended? Thi  ha  been handed down in the family for year  and year . Lovely, i n’t it? And all  ort  of power  it’   uppo ed to po e  too, but I haven’t te ted them thoroughly, I ju t keep it nice and  afe in here. . . .” She hooked the cup back off Voldemort’  long forefinger and re tored it gently to it  box, too intent upon  ettling it carefully back into po ition to notice the  hadow that cro ed Voldemort’  face a  the cup wa  taken away. “Now then,”  aid Hepzibah happily, “where’  Hokey? Oh ye , there you are — take that away now, Hokey.” The elf obediently took the boxed cup, and Hepzibah turned her attention to the much flatter box in her lap. “I think you’ll like thi  even more, Tom,”  he whi pered. “Lean in a little, dear boy,  o you can  ee. . . . Of cour e, Burke know  I’ve got thi  one, I bought it from him, and I dare ay he’d love to get it back when I’m gone. …” She  lid back the fine filigree cla p and flipped open the box. There upon the  mooth crim on velvet lay a heavy golden locket. Voldemort reached out hi  hand, without invitation thi  time, and held it up to the light,  taring at it. “Slytherin’  mark,” he  aid quietly, a  the light played upon an ornate,  erpentine S. “That’  right!”  aid Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at the  ight of Voldemort gazing at her locket, tran fixed. “I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn’t let it pa , not a real trea ure like that, had to have it for my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a raggedlooking woman who  eemed to have  tolen it, but had no idea of it  true value —” There wa  no mi taking it thi  time: Voldemort’  eye  fla hed  carlet at the word , and Harry  aw hi  knuckle  whiten on the locket’  chain. “— I dare ay Burke paid her a pittance but there you are. . . . Pretty, i n’t it? And again, all kind  of power  attributed to it, though I ju t keep it nice and  afe. . . .” She reached out to take the locket back. For a moment, Harry thought Voldemort wa  not going to let go of it, but then it had  lid through hi  finger  and wa  back in it  red velvet cu hion. “So there you are, Tom, clear, and I hope you enjoyed that!” She looked him full in the face and for the fir t time, Harry  aw her fooli h  mile falter. “Are you all right, dear?” “Oh ye ,”  aid Voldemort quietly. “Ye , I’m very well. …” “I thought — but a trick of the light, I  uppo e —”  aid Hepzibah, looking unnerved, and Harry gue ed that  he too had  een the momentary red gleam in Voldemort’  eye . “Here, Hokey, take the e away and lock them up again. … The u ual enchantment … “Time to leave, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore quietly, and a  the in tie elf bobbed away bearing the boxe , Dumbledore gra ped Harry once again above the elbow and together they ro e up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore’  office. “Hepzibah Smith died two day  after that little  cene,”  aid Dumbledore, re uming hi   eat and indicating that Harry  hould do the  ame. “Hokey the hou eelf wa  convicted by the Mini try of poi oning her mi tre ’  evening cocoa by accident.” “No way!”  aid Harry angrily. “I  ee we are of one mind,”  aid Dumbledore. “Certainly, then are many  imilaritie  between thi  death and that of the Riddle . In both ca e ,  omebody el e took the blame,  omeone who had a clear memory of having cau ed the death —” “Hokey confe ed?” “She remembered putting  omething in her mi tre ’  cocoa that turned out not to be  ugar, but a lethal and littleknown poi on,  aid Dumbledore. “It wa  concluded that  he had not meant to do it, but being old and confu ed —” “Voldemort modified her memory, ju t like he did with Morfin!” “Ye , that i  my conclu ion too,”  aid Dumbledore. “And, ju t a  with Morfin, the Mini try wa  predi po ed to  u pect Hokey —” “— becau e  he wa  a hou eelf,”  aid Harry. He had rarely felt more in  ympathy with the  ociety Hermione had  et up, S.P.E.W. “Preci ely,”  aid Dumbledore. “She wa  old,  he admitted to having tampered with the drink, and nobody at the Mini try bothered to inquire further. A  in the ca e of Morfin, by the time I traced her and managed to extract thi  memory, her life wa  almo t over — but her memory, of cour e, prove  nothing except that Voldemort knew of the exi tence of the cup and the locket. “By the time Hokey wa  convicted, Hepzibah’  family had realized that two of her greate t trea ure  were mi ing. It took them a while to be  ure of thi , for  he had many hiding place , having alway  guarded her collection mo t jealou ly. But before they were  ure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket were both gone, the a i tant who had worked at Borgin and Burke , the young man who had vi ited Hepzibah  o regularly and charmed her  o well, had re igned hi  po t and vani hed. Hi   uperior  had no idea where he had gone; they were a   urpri ed a  anyone at hi  di appearance. And that wa  the la t that wa   een or heard of Tom Riddle for a very long time. “Now,”  aid Dumbledore, “if you don’t mind, Harry, I want to pau e once more to draw your attention to certain point  of our  tory. Voldemort had committed another murder; whether it wa  hi  fir t  ince he killed the Riddle , I do not know, but I think it wa . Thi  time, a  you will have  een, he killed not for revenge, but for gain. He wanted the two fabulou  trophie  that poor, be otted, old woman  howed him. Ju t a  he had once robbed the other children at hi  orphanage, ju t a  he had  tolen hi  Uncle Morfin’  ring,  o he ran off now with Hepzibah  cup and locket.” “But,”  aid Harry, frowning, “it  eem  mad. . . . Ri king everything, throwing away hi  job, ju t for tho e . . .” “Mad to you, perhap , but not to Voldemort,”  aid Dumbledore. “I hope you will under tand in due cour e exactly what tho e object  meant to him, Harry, but you mu t admit that it i  not difficult to imagine that he  aw the locket, at lea t, a  rightfully hi .” “The locket maybe,”  aid Harry, “but why take the cup a  well?” “It had belonged to another of Hogwart ’  founder ,”  aid Dumbledore. “I think he  till felt a great pull toward the  chool and that he could not re i t an object  o  teeped in Hogwart  hi tory. There were other rea on , I think. … I hope to be able to demon trate them to you in due cour e. “And now for the very la t recollection I have to  how you, at lea t until you manage to retrieve Profe or Slughorn’  memory for u . Ten year   eparate  Hokey’  memory and thi  one, ten year  during which we can only gue  at what Lord Voldemort wa  doing. . . .” Harry got to hi  feet once more a  Dumbledore emptied the la t memory into the Pen ieve. “Who e memory i  it?” he a ked. “Mine,”  aid Dumbledore. And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the  hifting  ilver ma , landing in the very office he had ju t left. There wa  Fawke   lumbering happily on hi  perch, and there behind the de k wa  Dumbledore, who looked very  imilar to the Dumbledore  tanding be ide Harry, though both hand  were whole and undamaged and hi  face wa , perhap , a little le  lined. The one difference between the pre entday office and thi  one wa  that it wa   nowing in the pa t; blui h fleck  were drifting pa t the window in the dark and building up on the out ide ledge. The younger Dumbledore  eemed to be waiting for  omething, and  ure enough, moment  after their arrival, there wa  a knock on the door and he  aid, “Enter.” Harry let out a ha tily  tifled ga p. Voldemort had entered the room. Hi  feature  were not tho e Harry had  een emerge from the great  tone cauldron almo t two year  ago: They were not a   nakelike, the eye  were not yet  carlet, the face not yet ma klike, and yet he wa  no longer hand ome Tom Riddle. It wa  a  though hi  feature  had been burned and blurred; they were waxy and oddly di torted, and the white  of the eye  now had a permanently bloody look, though the pupil  were not yet the  lit  that Harry knew they would become. He wa  wearing a long black cloak, and hi  face wa  a  pale a  the  now gli tening on hi   houlder . The Dumbledore behind the de k  howed no  ign of  urpri e. Evidently thi  vi it had been made by appointment. “Good evening, Tom,”  aid Dumbledore ea ily. “Won’t you  it down?” “Thank you,”  aid Voldemort, and he took the  eat to which Dumbledore had ge tured — the very  eat, by the look  of it, that Harry had ju t vacated in the pre ent. “I heard that you had become headma ter,” he  aid, and hi  voice wa   lightly higher and colder than it had been. “A worthy choice.” “I am glad you approve,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling. “May I offer you a drink?” “That would be welcome,”  aid Voldemort. “I have come a long way.” Dumbledore  tood and  wept over to the cabinet where he now kept the Pen ieve, but which then wa  full of bottle . Having handed Voldemort a goblet of wine and poured one for him elf, he returned to the  eat behind hi  de k. . “So, Tom … to what do I owe the plea ure?” Voldemort did not an wer at once, but merely  ipped hi  wine. “They do not call me ‘Tom’ anymore,” he  aid. “The e day , 1 am known a  —” “I know what you are known a ,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling, plea antly. “But to me, I’m afraid, you will alway  be Tom Riddle. It i  one of the irritating thing  about old teacher . I am afraid that they never quite forget their charge ’ youthful beginning .” He rai ed hi  gla  a  though toa ting Voldemort, who e face remained expre ionle . Neverthele , Harry felt the atmo phere in the room change  ubtly: Dumbledore’  refu al to u e Voldemort’  cho en name wa  a refu al to allow Voldemort to dictate the term  of the meeting, and Harry could tell that Voldemort took it a   uch. “I am  urpri ed you have remained here  o long,”  aid Voldemort after a  hort pau e. “I alway  wondered why a wizard  uch a  your elf never wi hed to leave  chool.” “Well,”  aid Dumbledore,  till  miling, “to a wizard  uch a  my elf, there can be nothing more important than pa ing on ancient  kill , helping hone young mind . If I remember correctly, you once  aw the attraction of teaching too.” “I  ee it  till,”  aid Voldemort. “I merely wondered why you — who are  o often a ked for advice by the Mini try, and who have twice, I think, been offered the po t of Mini ter —” “Three time  at the la t count, actually,”  aid Dumbledore. “But the Mini try never attracted me a  a career. Again,  omething we have in common, I think.” Voldemort inclined hi  head, un miling, and took another  ip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the  ilence that  tretched between them now, but waited, with a look of plea ant expectancy, for Voldemort to talk fir t. “I have returned,” he  aid, after a little while, “later, perhap , than Profe or Dippet expected . . . but I have returned, neverthele , to reque t again what he once told me I wa  too young to have. I have come to you to a k that you permit me to return to thi  ca tle, to teach. I think you mu t know that I have  een and done much  ince I left thi  place. I could  how and tell your  tudent  thing  they can gain from no other wizard.” Dumbledore con idered Voldemort over the top of hi  own goblet for a while before  peaking. “Ye , I certainly do know that you have  een and done much  ince leaving u ,” he  aid quietly. “Rumor  of your doing  have reached your old  chool, Tom. I  hould be  orry to believe half of them.” Voldemort’  expre ion remained impa ive a  he  aid, “Greatne  in pire  envy, envy engender   pite,  pite  pawn  lie . You mu t know thi , Dumbledore.” “You call it ‘greatne ,’ what you have been doing, do you?” a ked Dumbledore delicately. “Certainly,”  aid Voldemort, and hi  eye   eemed to burn red. “I have experimented; I have pu hed the boundarie  of magic further, perhap , than they have ever been pu hed —” “Of  ome kind  of magic,” Dumbledore corrected him quietly. “Of  ome. Of other , you remain . . . forgive me . . . woefully ignorant.” For the fir t time, Voldemort  miled. It wa  a taut leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of rage. “The old argument,” he  aid  oftly. “But nothing I have  een in the world ha   upported your famou  pronouncement  that love i  more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore.” “Perhap  you have been looking in the wrong place ,”  ugge ted Dumbledore. “Well, then, what better place to  tart my fre h re earche  than here, at Hogwart ?”  aid Voldemort. “Will you let me return? Will you let me  hare my knowledge with your  tudent ? I place my elf and my talent  at your di po al. I am your  to command.” Dumbledore rai ed hi  eyebrow . “And what will become of tho e whom you command? What will happen to tho e who call them elve  — or  o rumor ha  it — the Death Eater ?” Harry could tell that Voldemort had not expected Dumbledore to know thi  name; he  aw Voldemort’  eye  fla h red again and the  litlike no tril  flare. “My friend ,” he  aid, after a moment’  pau e, “will carry on without me, I am  ure.” “I am glad to hear that you con ider them friend ,”  aid Dumbledore. “I wa  under the impre ion that they are more in the order of  ervant .” “You are mi taken,”  aid Voldemort. “Then if I were to go to the Hog’  Head tonight, I would not find a group of them — Nott, Ro ier, Muldber, Dolohov — awaiting your return? Devoted friend  indeed, to travel thi  far with you on a  nowy night, merely to wi h you luck a  you attempted to  ecure a teaching po t.” There could be no doubt that Dumbledore’  detailed knowledge of tho e with whom he wa  traveling wa  even le  welcome to Voldemort; however, he rallied almo t at once. “You are omni cient a  ever, Dumbledore.” “Oh no, merely friendly with the local barmen,”  aid Dumbledore lightly. “Now, Tom . . .” Dumbledore  et down hi  empty gla  and drew him elf up in hi   eat, the tip  of hi  finger  together in a very characteri tic ge ture. “Let u   peak openly. Why have you come here tonight,  urrounded by henchmen, to reque t a job we both know you do not want?” Voldemort looked coldly  urpri ed. “A job I do not want? On the contrary, Dumbledore, I want it very much.” “Oh, you want to come back to Hogwart , but you do not want to teach any more than you wanted to when you were eighteen. What i  it you’re after, Tom? Why not try an open reque t for once?” Voldemort  neered. “If you do not want to give me a job —” “Of cour e I don’t,”  aid Dumbledore. “And I don’t think for a moment you expected me to. Neverthele , you came here, you a ked, you mu t have had a purpo e.” Voldemort  tood up. He looked le  like Tom Riddle than ever, hi  feature  thick with rage. “Thi  i  your final word?” “It i ,”  aid Dumbledore, al o  tanding. “Then we have nothing more to  ay to each other.” “No, nothing,”  aid Dumbledore, and a great  adne  filled hi  face. “The time i  long gone when I could frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crime . But I wi h I could, Tom. … I wi h I could. . . .” For a  econd, Harry wa  on the verge of  houting a pointle  warning: He wa   ure that Voldemort’  hand had twitched toward hi  pocket and hi  wand; but then the moment had pa ed, Voldemort had turned away, the door wa  clo ing, and he wa  gone. Harry felt Dumbledore’  hand clo e over hi  arm again and moment  later, they were  tanding together on almo t the  ame  pot, but there wa  no  now building on the window ledge, and Dumbledore’  hand wa  blackened and deadlooking once more. “Why?”  aid Harry at once, looking up into Dumbledore’  face. “Why did he come back? Did you ever find out?” “I have idea ,”  aid Dumbledore, “but no more than that.” “What idea ,  ir?” “I  hall tell you, Harry, when you have retrieved that memory from Profe or Slughorn,”  aid Dumbledore. “When you have that la t piece of the jig aw, everything will, I hope, be clear … to both of u .” Harry wa   till burning with curio ity and even though Dumbledore had walked to the door and wa  holding it open for him, he did not move at once. “Wa  he after the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  job again,  ir? He didn’t  ay. …” “Oh, he definitely wanted the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  job,”  aid Dumbledore. “The aftermath of our little meeting proved that. You  ee, we have never been able to keep a Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher for longer than a year  ince I refu ed the po t to Lord Voldemort.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 21: The Unknowable Room Harry wracked hi  brain  over the next week a  to how he wa  to per uade Slughorn to hand over the true memory, but nothing in the nature of a brain wave occurred and he wa  reduced to doing what he did increa ingly the e day  when at a lo : poring over hi  Potion  book, hoping that the Prince would have  cribbled  omething u eful in a margin, a  he had done  o many time  before. “You won’t find anything in there,”  aid Hermione firmly, late on Sunday evening. “Don’t  tart, Hermione,”  aid Harry. “If it hadn’t been for the Prince, Ron wouldn’t be  itting here now.” “He would if you’d ju t li tened to Snape in our fir t year,”  aid Hermione di mi ively. Harry ignored her. He had ju t found an incantation “Sectum empra!”  crawled in a margin above the intriguing word  “For enemie ,” and wa  itching to try it out, but thought it be t not to in front of Hermione. In tead, he  urreptitiou ly folded down the corner of the page. They were  itting be ide the fire in the common room; the only other people awake were fellow  ixth year . There had been a certain amount of excitement earlier when they had come back from dinner to find a new  ign on the notice board that announced the date for their Apparition Te t. Tho e who would be  eventeen on or before the fir t te t date, the twentyfir t of April, had the option of  igning up for additional practice  e ion , which would take place (heavily  upervi ed) in Hog meade. Ron had panicked on reading thi  notice; he had  till not managed to Apparate and feared he would not be ready for the te t. Hermione, who had now achieved Apparition twice, wa  a little more confident, but Harry, who would not be  eventeen for another four month , could not take the te t whether ready or not. “At lea t you can Apparate, though!”  aid Ron ten ely. “You’ll have no trouble come July!” “I’ve only done it once,” Harry reminded him; he had finally managed to di appear and rematerialize in ide hi  hoop during their previou  le on. Having wa ted a lot of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron wa  now  truggling to fini h a viciou ly difficult e ay for Snape that Harry and Hermione had already completed. Harry fully expected to receive low mark  on hi , becau e he had di agreed with Snape on the be t way to tackle dementor , but he did not care: Slughorn  memory wa  the mo t important thing to him now. “I’m telling you, the  tupid Prince i n’t going to be able to help you with thi , Harry!”  aid Hermione, more loudly. “There’  only one way to force  omeone to do what you want, and that’  the Imperiu  Cur e, which i  illegal —” “Yeah, I know that, thank ,”  aid Harry, not looking up from the book. “That’  why I’m looking for  omething different. Dumbledorf  ay  Verita erum won’t do it, but there might be  omething el e, a potion or a  pell. . . .” “You’re going about it the wrong way,”  aid Hermione. “Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore  ay . That mu t mean you can per uade Slughorn where other people can’t. It’  not a que tion of  lipping him a potion, anyone could do that —” “How do you  pell ‘belligerent’?”  aid Ron,  haking hi  quill very hard while  taring at hi  parchment. “It can’t be B — U — M —” “No, it i n’t,”  aid Hermione, pulling Ron’  e ay toward her. “And ‘augury’ doe n’t begin O — R — G either. What kind of quill are you u ing?” “It’  one of Fred and George’  SpellCheck one , but I think the charm mu t be wearing off.” “Ye , it mu t,”  aid Hermione, pointing at the title of hi  e ay, “becau e we were a ked how we’d deal with dementor , not ‘Dugbog ’, and I don’t remember you changing your name to ‘Roonil Wazlib’ either.” “Ah no!”  aid Ron,  taring horror truck at the parchment. “Don’t  ay I’ll have to write the whole thing out again!” “It’  okay, we can fix it,”  aid Hermione, pulling the e ay toward her and taking out her wand. “I love you, Hermione,”  aid Ron,  inking back in hi  chair, rubbing hi  eye  wearily. Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely  aid, “Don’t let Lavender hear you  aying that.” “1 won’t,”  aid Ron into hi  hand . “Or maybe I will, then  he’ll ditch me.” “Why don’t you ditch her if you want to fini h it?” a ked Harry. “You haven’t ever chucked anyone, have you?”  aid Ron. “You and Cho ju t —” “Sort of fell apart, yeah,”  aid Harry. “Wi h that would happen with me and Lavender,”  aid Ron gloomily, watching Hermione  ilently tapping each of hi  mi pelled word  with the end of her wand,  o that they corrected them elve  on the page. “But the more I hint I want to fini h it, the tighter  he hold  on. It’  like going out with the giant  quid.” “There,”  aid Hermione,  ome twenty minute  later, handing back Ron’  e ay. “Thank  a million,”  aid Ron. “Can I borrow your quill for the conclu ion?” Harry, who had found nothing u eful in the HalfBlood Prince’  note   o far, looked around; the three of them were now the only one  left in the common room, Seamu  having ju t gone up to bed cur ing Snape and hi  e ay. The only  ound  were the crackling of the fire and Ron  cratching out one la t paragraph on dementor  u ing Hermione’  quill. Harry had ju t clo ed the HalfBlood Prince’  book, yawning, when — Crack! Hermione let out a little  hriek; Ron  pilled ink all over hi  fre hly completed e ay, and Harry  aid, “Kreacher!” The hou eelf bowed low and addre ed hi  own gnarled toe . “Ma ter  aid he wanted regular report  on what the Malfoy boy i  doing,  o Kreacher ha  come to give–“ Crack! Dobby appeared along ide Kreacher, hi  teacozy hat a kew. “Dobby ha  been helping too, Harry Potter!” he  queaked, ca ting Kreacher a re entful look. “And Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he i  coming to  ee Harry Potter  o they can make their report  together!” “What i  thi ?” a ked Hermione,  till looking  hocked by the e  udden appearance . “What’  going on, Harry?” Harry he itated before an wering, becau e he had not told Hermione about  etting Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy; hou eelve  were alway   uch a touchy  ubject with her. “Well. . . they’ve been following Malfoy for me,” he  aid. “Night and day,” croaked Kreacher. “Dobby ha  not  lept for a week, Harry Potter!”  aid Dobby proudly,  waying where he  tood. Hermione looked indignant. “You haven’t  lept, Dobby? But  urely, Harry, you didn’t tell him not to —” “No, of cour e I didn’t,”  aid Harry quickly. “Dobby, you can  leep, all right? But ha  either of you found out anything?” he ha tened to a k, before Hermione could intervene again. “Ma ter Malfoy move  with a nobility that befit  hi  pure blood,” croaked Kreacher at once. “Hi  feature  recall the fine bone  of my mi tre  and hi  manner  are tho e of—” “Draco Malfoy i  a bad boy!”  queaked Dobby angrily. “A bad boy who — who —” He  huddered from the ta el of hi  tea cozy to the toe  of hi   ock  and then ran at the fire, a  though about to dive into it. Harry, to whom thi  wa  not entirely unexpected, caught him around the middle and held him fa t. For a few  econd  Dobby  truggled, then went limp. “Thank you, Harry Potter,” he panted. “Dobby  till find  it difficult to  peak ill of hi  old ma ter .” Harry relea ed him; Dobby  traightened hi  tea cozy and  aid defiantly to Kreacher, “But Kreacher  hould know that Draco Malfoy i  not a good ma ter to a hou eelf!” “Yeah, we don’t need to hear about you being in love with Malfoy,” Harry told Kreacher. “Let’  fa t forward to where he’  actually been going.” Kreacher bowed again, looking furiou , and then  aid, “Ma ter Malfoy eat  in the Great Hall, he  leep  in a dormitory in the dungeon , he attend  hi  cla e  in a variety of—” “Dobby, you tell me,”  aid Harry, cutting acro  Kreacher. “Ha  he been going anywhere he  houldn’t have?” “Harry Potter,  ir,”  queaked Dobby, hi  great orblike eye   hining in the firelight, “the Malfoy boy i  breaking no rule  that Dobby can di cover, but he i   till keen to avoid detection. He ha  been making regular vi it  to the  eventh floor with a variety of other  tudent , who keep watch for him while he enter  —” “The Room of Requirement!”  aid Harry,  macking him elf hard on the forehead with Advanced PotionMaking. Hermione and Ron  tared at him. “That’  where he’  been  neaking off to! That’  where he’  doing… whatever he’  doing! And I bet that’  why he’  been di appearing off the map — come to think of it, I’ve never  een the Room of Requirement on there!” “Maybe the Marauder  never knew the room wa  there,”  aid Ron. “I think it’ll be part of the magic of the room,”  aid Hermione. “If you need it to be unplottable, it will be.” “Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at what Malfoy’  doing?”  aid Harry eagerly. “No, Harry Potter, that i  impo ible,”  aid Dobby. “No, it’  not,”  aid Harry at once. “Malfoy got into our headquarter  there la t year,  o I’ll be able to get in and  py on him, no problem.” “But I don’t think you will, Harry,”  aid Hermione  lowly. “Malfoy already knew exactly how we were u ing the room, didn’t he, becau e that  tupid Marietta had blabbed. He needed the room to become the headquarter  of the D.A.,  o it did. But you don’t know what the room become  when Malfoy goe  in there,  o you don’t know what to a k it to tran form into.” “There’ll be a way around that,”  aid Harry di mi ively. “You’ve done brilliantly, Dobby.” “Kreacher  done well too,”  aid Hermione kindly; but far from looking grateful, Kreacher averted hi  huge, blood hot eye  and croaked at the ceiling, “The Mudblood i   peaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will pretend he cannot hear —” “Get out of it,” Harry  napped at him, and Kreacher made one la t deep bow and Di apparated. “You’d better go and get  ome  leep too, Dobby.” “Thank you, Harry Potter,  ir!”  queaked Dobby happily, and he too vani hed. “How good i  thi ?”  aid Harry enthu ia tically, turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room wa  elffree again. “We know where Malfoy’  going! We’ve got him cornered now!” “Yeah, it’  great,”  aid Ron glumly, who wa  attempting to mop up the  odden ma  of ink chat had recently been an almo t completed e ay. Hermione pulled it toward her and began  iphoning the ink off with her wand. “But what’  all thi  about him going up there with a variety of  tudent ’?”  aid Hermione. “How many people are in on it? You wouldn’t think he’d tru t lot  of them to know what he’  doing—“ “Yeah, that i  weird,”  aid Harry, frowning. “I heard him telling Crabbe it wa n’t Crabbe’  bu ine  what he wa  doing…  o what’  he telling all the e… all the e…” Harry’  voice tailed away; he wa   taring at the fire. “God, I’ve been  tupid,” he  aid quietly. “It  obviou , i n’t it? There wa  a great vat of it down in the dungeon. . . . He could’ve nicked  ome any time during that le on. . . .” “Nicked what?”  aid Ron. “Polyjuice Potion. He  tole  ome of the Polyjuice Potion Slughorn  howed u  in our fir t Potion  le on… There aren’t a whole variety of  tudent   tanding guard for Malfoy… it’  ju t Crabbe and Goyle a  u ual. …Yeah, it all fit !”  aid Harry, jumping up and  tarting to pace in front of the fire. “They’re  tupid enough to do what they’re told even if he won’t tell them what he’  up to, but he doe n’t want them to be  een lurking around out ide the Room of Requirement,  o he’  got them taking Polyjuice to make them look like other people… Tho e two girl  I  aw him with when he mi ed Quidditch — ha! Crabbe and Goyle!” “Do you mean to  ay,”  aid Hermione in a hu hed voice, “that that little girl who e  cale  I repaired — ?” “Yeah, of cour e!”  aid Harry loudly,  taring at her. “Of cour e! Malfoy mu t’ve been in ide the room at the time,  o  he — what am I talking about? — he dropped the  cale  to tell Malfoy not to corne out, becau e there wa   omeone there! And there wa  that girl who dropped the toad pawn too! We’ve been walking pa t him all the time and not realizing it!” “He’  got Crabbe and Goyle tran forming into girl ?” guffawed Ron. “Blimey… no wonder they don’t look too happy the e day . I’m  urpri ed they don’t tell him to  tuff it.” “Well, they wouldn’t, would they, if he’   hown them hi  Dark Mark?”  aid Harry. “Hmmm… the Dark Mark we don’t know exi t ,”  aid Hermione  keptically, rolling up Ron’  dried e ay before it could come to any more harm and handing it to him. “We’ll  ee”  aid Harry confidently. “Ye , we will,” Hermione  aid, getting to her feet and  tretching. “But, Harry, before you get all excited, I  till don’t think you’ll be able to get into the Room of Requirement without knowing what’  there fir t’. And I don’t think you  hould forget” —  he heaved her bag onto her  houlder and gave him a very  eriou  look — “that what you’re  uppo ed to be concentrating on i  getting that memory from Slughorn. Good night.” Harry watched her go, feeling  lightly di gruntled. Once the door to the girl ’ dormitorie  had clo ed behind her he rounded on Ron. “What d’you think?” “Wi h I could Di apparate like a hou eelf,”  aid Ron,  taring at the  pot where Dobby had vani hed. “I’d have that Apparition Te t in the bag.” Harry did not  leep well that night. He lay awake for what felt like hour , wondering how Malfoy wa  u ing the Room of Requirement and what he, Harry, would  ee when he went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione  aid, Harry wa   ure that if Malfoy had-=- been able to  ee the headquarter  of the D.A., he would be able to  ee Malfoy’ , what could it be? A meeting place? A hideout? A  ton room? A work hop? Harry  mind worked feveri hly and hi  dream , when he finally fell a leep, were broken and di turbed by image  of Malfoy, who turned into Slughorn, who turned into Snape… Harry wa  in a  tate of great anticipation over breakfa t the following morning; he had a free period before Defen e Again t the Dark Art  and wa  determined to  pend it trying to get into the Room of Requirement. Hermione wa  rather o tentatiou ly  howing no intere t in hi  whi pered plan  for forcing entry into the room, which irritated Harry, becau e he thought  he might be a lot of help if  he wanted to. “Look,” he  aid quietly, leaning forward and putting a hand on the Daily Prophet, which  he had ju t removed from a po t owl, to  top her from opening it and vani hing behind it. “I haven’t forgotten about Slughorn, but I haven’t got a clue how to get that memory off him, and until I get a brain wave why  houldn’t I find out what Malfoy’  doing?” “I’ve already told you, you need to per uade Slughorn,”  aid Hermione. “It’  not a que tion of tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could have done it in a  econd. In tead of me ing around out ide the Room of Requirement” —  he jerked the Prophet out from under Harry  hand and unfolded it to look at the front page — “you  hould go and find Slughorn and  tart appealing to hi  better nature.” “Anyone we know — ?” a ked Ron, a  Hermione  canned the headline . “Ye !”  aid Hermione, cau ing both Harry and Ron to gag on their breakfa t. “But it’  all right, he’  not dead — it  Mundungu , he’  been arre ted and  ent to Azkaban! Something to do with imper onating an Inferiu  during an attempted burglary, and  omeone called Octaviu  Pepper ha  vani hed. Oh, and how horrible, a nineyearold boy ha  been arre ted for trying to kill hi  grandparent , they think he wa  under the Imperiu  Cur e.” They fini hed their breakfa t in  ilence. Hermione  et off immediately for Ancient Rune ; Ron for the common room, where he  till had to fini h hi  conclu ion on Snape’  dementor e ay, and Harry for the corridor on the  eventh floor and the  tretch of wall oppo ite the tape try of Barnaba  the Barmy teaching troll  to do ballet. Harry  lipped on hi  Invi ibility Cloak once he had found an empty pa age, but he need not have bothered. When he reached hi  de tination he found it de erted. Harry wa  not  ure whether hi  chance  of getting in ide the room were better with Malfoy in ide it or out, but at lea t hi  fir t attempt wa  not going to be complicated by the pre ence of Crabbe or Goyle pretending to be an elevenyearold girl. He clo ed hi  eye  a  he approached the place where the Room of Requirement’  door wa  concealed. He knew what he had to do; he had become mo t accompli hed at it la t year. Concentrating with all hi  might he thought, “I need to  ee what Malfoy’  doing in here… I need to  ee what Malfoy’  doing in here… I need to  ee what Malfoy’  doing in here…” Three time  he walked pa t the door; then, hi  heart pounding with excitement, he opened hi  eye  and faced it — but he wa   till looking at a  tretch of mundanely blank wall. He moved forward and gave it an experimental pu h. The  tone remained  olid and unyielding. “Okay,”  aid Harry aloud. “Okay… I thought the wrong thing…” He pondered for a moment then  et off again, eye  clo ed, concentrating a  hard a  he could. “I need to  ee the place where Malfoy keep  coming  ecretly… I need to  ee the place where Malfoy keep  coming  ecretly…” After three walk  pa t, he opened hi  eye  expectantly. There wa  no door. “Oh, come off it,” he told the wall irritably. “That wa  a clear in truction. Fine.” He thought hard for  everal minute  before  triding off once more. “I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy…” He did not immediately open hi  eye  when he had fini hed hi  patrolling; he wa  li tening hard, a  though he might hear the door pop into exi tence. He heard nothing, however, except the di tant twittering of bird  out ide. He opened hi  eye . There wa   till no door. Harry  wore. Someone  creamed. He looked around to  ee a gaggle of fir t year  running back around the corner, apparently under the impre ion that they had ju t encountered a particularly foulmouthed gho t. Harry tried every variation of “I need to  ee what Draco Malfoy i  doing in ide you” that he could think of for a whole hour, at the end of which he wa  forced to concede that Hermione might have had a point: The room  imply did not want to open for him. Fru trated and annoyed, he  et off for Defen e Again t the Dark Art , pulling off hi  Invi ibility Cloak and  tuffing it into hi  bag a  he went. “Late again, Potter,”  aid Snape coldly, a  Harry hurried into the candlelit cla room. “Ten point  from Gryfrindor.” Harry  cowled at Snape a  he flung him elf into the  eat be ide Ron. Half the cla  were  till on their feet, taking out book  and organizing their thing ; he could not be much later than any of them. “Before we  tart, I want your dementor e ay ,”  aid Snape, waving hi  wand carele ly,  o that twentyfive  croll  of parchment  oared into the air and landed in a neat pile on hi  de k. “And I hope for your  ake  they are better than the tripe I had to endure on re i ting the Imperiu  Cur e. Now, if you will all open your book  to page — what i  it, Mr. Finnigan?” “Sir,”  aid Seamu , “I’ve been wondering, how do you tell the difference between an Inferiu  and a gho t? Becau e there wa   omething in the paper about an Inferiu  —” “No, there wa n’t,”  aid Snape in a bored voice. “But  ir, I heard people talking —” “If you had actually read the article in que tion, Mr. Finnigan, you would have known that the  ocalled Inferiu  wa  nothing but a  melly  neak thief by the name of Mundungu  Fletcher.” “I thought Snape and Mundungu  were on the  ame  ide,” muttered Harry to Ron and Hermione. “Shouldn’t he be up et Mundungu  ha  been arre t —” “But Potter  eem  to have a lot to  ay on the  ubject,”  aid Snape, pointing  uddenly at the back of the room, hi  black eye  fixed on Harry. “Let u  a k Potter how we would tell the difference between an Inferiu  and a gho t.” The whole cla  looked around at Harry, who ha tily tried to recall what Dumbledore had told him the night that they had gone to vi it Slughorn. “Er — well — gho t  are tran parent —” he  aid. “Oh, very good,” interrupted Snape, hi  lip curling. “Ye , it in ea y to  ee that nearly  ix year  of magical education have not been wa ted on you, Potter. ‘Gho t  are tran parent.”‘ Pan y Parkin on let out a highpitched giggle. Several other people were  mirking. Harry took a deep breath and continued calmly, though hi  in ide  were boiling, “Yeah, gho t  are tran parent, but Inferi are dead bodie , aren’t they? So they’d be  olid —” “A fiveyearold could have told u  a  much,”  neered Snape. “The Inferiu  i  a corp e that ha  been reanimated by a Dark wizard’   pell . It i  not alive, it i  merely u ed like a puppet to do the wizard’  bidding. A gho t, a  I tru t that you are all aware by now, i  the imprint of a departed  oul left upon the earth, and of cour e, a  Potter  o wi ely tell  u , tran parent. “ “Well, what Harry  aid i  the mo t u eful if we’re trying to tell them apart!”  aid Ron. “When we come facetoface with one down a dark alley, we’re going to be having a look to  ee if it   olid, aren’t we, we’re not going to be a king, ‘Excu e me, are you the imprint of a departed  oul?’” There wa  a ripple of laughter, in tantly quelled by the look Snape gave the cla . “Another ten point  from Gryffindor,”  aid Snape. “I would expect nothing more  ophi ticated from you, Ronald Wea ley, the boy  o  olid he cannot Apparate half an inch acro  a room.” “No!” whi pered Hermione, grabbing Harry  arm a  he opened hi  mouth furiou ly. “There’  no point, you’ll ju t end up in detention again, leave it!” “Now open your book  to page two hundred and thirteen,”  aid Snape,  mirking a little, “and read the fir t two paragraph  on the Cruciatu  Cur e.” Ron wa  very  ubdued all through the cla . When the bell  ounded at the end of the le on, Lavender caught up with Ron and Harry (Hermione my teriou ly melted out of  ight a   he approached) and abu ed Snape hotly for hi  jibe about Ron’  Apparition, but thi   eemed to merely irritate Ron, and he  hook her off by making a detour into the boy ’ bathroom with Harry. “Snape’  right, though, i n’t he?”  aid Ron, after  taring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two. “I dunno whether it’  worth me taking the te t. I ju t can’t get the hang of Apparition.” “You might a  well do the extra practice  e ion  in Hog meade and  ee where they get you,”  aid Harry rea onably. “It’ll be more intere ting than trying to get into a  tupid hoop anyway. Then, if you’re  till not — you know — a  good a  you’d like to be, you can po tpone the te t, do it with me over the  ummer — Myrtle, thi  i  the boy ’ bathroom!” The gho t of a girl had ri en out of the toilet in a cubicle behind them and wa  now floating in midair,  taring at them through thick, white, round gla e . “Oh,”  he  aid glumly. “It’  you two.” “Who were you expecting?”  aid Ron, looking at her in the mirror. “Nobody,”  aid Myrtle, picking moodily at a  pot on her chin. “He  aid he’d come back and  ee me, but then you  aid you’d pop in and vi it me too” —  he gave Harry a reproachful look — “and I haven’t  een you for month  and month . I’ve learned not to expect too much from boy .” “I thought you lived in that girl ’ bathroom?”  aid Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide berth for  ome year  now. “I do,”  he  aid, with a  ulky little  hrug, “but that doe n’t mean I cant vi it other place . I came and  aw you in your bath once, remember?” “Vividly,”  aid Harry. “But I thought he liked me,”  he  aid plaintively. “Maybe if you two left, he’d come back again. We had lot  in common. I’m  ure he felt it.” And  he looked hopefully toward the door. “When you  ay you had lot  in common,”  aid Ron,  ounding rather amu ed now, “d’you mean he live  in an Sbend too?” “No,”  aid Myrtle defiantly, her voice echoing loudly around the old tiled bathroom. “I mean he’   en itive, people bully him too, and he feel  lonely and ha n’t got anybody to talk to, and he’  not afraid to  how hi  feeling  and cry!” “There’  been a boy in here crying?”  aid Harry curiou ly. “A young boy?” “Never you mind!”  aid Myrtle, her  mall, leaky eye  fixed on Ron, who wa  now definitely grinning. “I promi ed I wouldn’t tell anyone, and I’ll take hi   ecret to the —” “— not the grave,  urely?”  aid Ron with a  nort. “The  ewer , maybe.” Myrtle gave a howl of rage and dived back into the toilet, cau ing water to  lop over the  ide  and onto the floor. Goading Myrtle  eemed to have put fre h heart into Ron. “You’re right,” he  aid,  winging hi   choolbag back over hi   houlder, “I’ll do the practice  e ion  in Hog meade before I decide about taking the te t.” And  o the following weekend, Ron joined Hermione and the re t of the  ixth year  who would turn  eventeen in time to take the te t in a fortnight. Harry felt rather jealou  watching them all get ready to go into the village; he mi ed making trip  there, and it wa  a particularly fine  pring day, one of the fir t clear  kie  they had  een in a long time. However, he had decided to u e the time to attempt another a ault on the Room of Requirement. “You’d do better,”  aid Hermione, when he confided thi  plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall, “to go  traight to Slughorn’  office and try and get that memory from him.” “I’ve been trying!”  aid Harry cro ly, which wa  perfectly true. He had lagged behind after every Potion  le on that week in an attempt to corner Slughorn, but the Potion  ma ter alway  left the dungeon  o fa t that Harry had not been able to catch him. Twice, Harry had gone to hi  office and knocked, but received no reply, though on the  econd occa ion he wa   ure he had heard the quickly  tifled  ound  of an old gramophone. “He doe n’t want to talk to me, Hermione! He can tell I’ve been trying to get him on hi  own again, and he’  not going to let it happen!” “Well, you’ve ju t got to keep at it, haven’t you?” The  hort queue of people waiting to file pa t Filch, who wa  doing hi  u ual prodding act with the Secrecy Sen or, moved forward a few  tep  and Harry did not an wer in ca e he wa  overheard by the caretaker. He wi hed Ron and Hermione both luck, then turned and climbed the marble  tairca e again, determined, whatever Hermione  aid, to devote an hour or two to the Room of Requirement. Once out of  ight of the entrance hall, Harry pulled the Marauder’  Map and hi  Invi ibility Cloak from hi  bag. Having concealed him elf, he tapped the map, murmured, “I  olemnly  wear that I am up to no good,” and  canned it carefully. A  it wa  Sunday morning, nearly all the  tudent  were in ide their variou  common room , the Gryffindor  in one tower, the Ravenclaw  in another, the Slytherin  in the dungeon , and the Hufflepuff  in the ba ement near the kitchen . Here and there a  tray per on meandered around the library or up a corridor. There were a few people out in the ground , and there, alone in the  eventhfloor corridor, wa  Gregory Goyle. There wa  no  ign of the Room of Requirement, but Harry wa  not worried about that; if Goyle wa   tanding guard out ide it, the room wa  open, whether the map wa  aware of it or not. He therefore  printed up the  tair ,  lowing down only when he reached the corner into the corridor, when he began to creep, very  lowly, toward the very  ame little girl, clutching her heavy bra   cale , that Hermione had  o kindly helped a fortnight before. He waited until he wa  right behind her before bending very low and whi pering, “Hello…you’re very pretty, aren’t you?” Goyle gave a highpitched  cream of terror, threw the  cale  up into the air, and  printed away, vani hing from  ight long before the  ound of the  cale   ma hing had  topped echoing around the corridor. Laughing, Harry turned to contemplate the blank wall behind which, he wa   ure, Draco Malfoy wa  now  tanding frozen, aware that  omeone unwelcome wa  out there, but not daring to make an appearance. It gave Harry a mo t agreeable feeling of power a  he tried to remember what form of word  he had not yet tried. Yet thi  hopeful mood did not la t long. Half an hour later, having tried many more variation  of hi  reque t to  ee what Malfoy wa  up to, the wall wa  ju t a  doorle  a  ever. Harry felt fru trated beyond belief-=Malfoy might be ju t feet away from him, and there wa   till not the tinie t  hred of evidence a  to what he wa  doing in there. Lo ing hi  patience completely, Harry ran at the wall and kicked it. “OUCH!” He thought he might have broken hi  toe; a  he clutched it and hopped on one foot, the Invi ibility Cloak  lipped off him. “Harry?” He  pun around, onelegged, and toppled over. There, to hi  utter a toni hment, wa  Tonk , walking toward him a  though  he frequently  trolled up thi  corridor. “What’re you doing here?” he  aid,  crambling to hi  feet again; why did  he alway  have to find him lying on the floor? “I came to  ee Dumbledore,”  aid Tonk . Harry thought  he looked terrible: thinner than u ual, her mou ecolored hair lank. “Hi  office i n’t here,”  aid Harry, “it’  round the other  ide of the ca tle, behind the gargoyle —” “I know,”  aid Tonk . “He’  not there. Apparently he’  gone away again.” “Ha  he?”  aid Harry, putting hi  brui ed foot gingerly back on the floor. “Hey — you don’t know where he goe , I  uppo e?” “No,”  aid Tonk . “What did you want to  ee him about?” “Nothing in particular,”  aid Tonk , picking, apparently uncon ciou ly, at the  leeve of her robe. “I ju t thought he might know what’  going on. I’ve heard rumor … people getting hurt.” “Yeah, I know, it’  all been in the paper ,”  aid Harry. “That little kid trying to kill hi  —” “The Prophet’  often behind the time ,”  aid Tonk , who didn’t  eem to be li tening to him. “You haven’t had any letter  from anyone in the Order recently?” “No one from the Order write  to me anymore,”  aid Harry, “not  ince Siriu  —“ He  aw that her eye  had filled with tear . “I’m  orry,” he muttered awkwardly. “I mean… I mi  him, a  well.” “What?”  aid Tonk  blankly, a  though  he had not heard him. “Well. I’ll  ee you around, Harry.” And  he turned abruptly and walked back down the corridor, leaving Harry to  tare after her. After a minute or  o, he pulled the Invi ibility Cloak on again and re umed hi  effort  to get into the Room of Requirement, but hi  heart wa  not in it. Finally, a hollow feeling in hi   tomach and the knowledge that Ron and Hermione would  oon be back for lunch made him abandon the attempt and leave the corridor to Malfoy who, hopefully, would be too afraid to leave for  ome hour  to come. He found Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall, already halfway through an early lunch. “I did it — well, kind of!” Ron told Harry enthu ia tically when he caught  ight of him. “I wa   uppo ed to be Apparating to out ide Madam Puddifoot  Tea Shop and I over hot it a bit, ended up near Scriven haft , but at lea t I moved!” “Good one,”  aid Harry. “How’d you do, Hermione?” “Oh,  he wa  perfect, obviou ly,”  aid Ron, before Hermione could an wer. “Perfect deliberation, divination, and de peration or whatever the hell it i  — we all went for a quick drink in the Three Broom tick  after and you  hould’ve heard Twycro  going on about her — I’ll be  urpri ed if he doe n’t pop the que tion  oon —” “And what about you?” a ked Hermione, ignoring Ron. “Have you been up at the Room of Requirement all thi  time?” “Yep,”  aid Harry. “And gue  who I ran into up there? Tonk !” “Tonk ?” repeated Ron and Hermione together, looking  urpri ed. “Yeah,  he  aid  he’d come to vi it Dumbledore.” “If you a k me,”  aid Ron once Harry had fini hed de cribing hi  conver ation with Tonk , “ he’  cracking up a bit. Lo ing her nerve after what happened at the Mini try.” “It’  a bit odd,”  aid Hermione, who for  ome rea on looked very concerned. “She’   uppo ed to be guarding the  chool, why  he  uddenly abandoning her po t to come and  ee Dumbledore when he’  not even here?” “I had a thought,”  aid Harry tentatively. He felt  trange about voicing it; thi  wa  much more Hermione’  territory than hi . “You don’t think  he can have been… you know… in love with Siriu ?” Hermione  tared at him. “What on earth make  you  ay that?” “I dunno,”  aid Harry,  hrugging, “but  he wa  nearly crying when I mentioned hi  name, and her Patronu  i  a big fourlegged thing now. I wondered whether it hadn’t become… you know… him.” “It’  a thought,”  aid Hermione  lowly. “But I  till don’t know why  he’d be bur ting into the ca tle to  ee Dumbledore, if that’  really why  he wa  here.” “Goe  back to what I  aid, doe n’t it?”  aid Ron, who wa  now  hoveling ma hed potato into hi  mouth. “She’  gone a bit funny. Lo t her nerve. Women,” he  aid wi ely to Harry, “they’re ea ily up et.” “And yet,”  aid Hermione, coming out of her reverie, “I doubt you’d find a woman who  ulked for half an hour becau e Madam Ro merta didn’t laugh at their joke about the hag, the Healer, and the Mimbulu  mimbletonia.” Ron  cowled. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 22: After the Burial Patche  of bright blue  ky were beginning to appear over the ca tle turret , but the e  ign  of approaching  ummer did not lift Harry’  mood. He had been thwarted, both in hi  attempt  to find out what Malfoy wa  doing, and in hi  effort  to  tart a conver ation with Slughorn that might lead,  omehow, to Slughorn handing over the memory he had apparently  uppre ed for decade . “For the la t time, ju t forget about Malfoy,” Hermione told Harry firmly. They were  itting with Ron in a  unny corner of the courtyard after lunch. Hermione and Ron were both clutching a Mini try of Magic leaflet — Common Apparition Mi take  and How to Avoid Them — for they were taking their te t  that very afternoon, but by and large the leaflet  had not proved  oothing to the nerve . Ron gave a  tart and tried to hide behind Hermione a  a girl came around the corner. “It i n’t Lavender,”  aid Hermione wearily. “Oh, good,”  aid Ron, relaxing. “Harry Potter?”  aid the girl. “I wa  a ked to give you thi .” “Thank …” Harry’  heart  ank a  he took the  mall  croll of parchment. Once the girl wa  out of ear hot he  aid, “Dumbledore  aid we wouldn’t be having any more le on  until I got the memory!” “Maybe he want  to check on how you’re doing?”  ugge ted Hermione, a  Harry unrolled the parchment; but rather than finding Dumbledore’  long, narrow,  lanted writing he  aw an untidy  prawl, very difficult to read due to the pre ence of large blotche  on the parchment where the ink had run. Dear Harry, Ron and Hermione! Aragog died la t night. Harry and Ron, you met him and you know how  pecial he wa . Hermione, I know you’d have liked him. It would mean a lot to me if you’d nip down for the burial later thi  evening. I’m planning on doing it round du k, that wa  hi  favorite time of day. I know you’re not  uppo ed to be out that late, but you can u e the cloak. Wouldn’t a k, but I can’t face it alone. Hagrid “Look at thi ,”  aid Harry, handing the note to Hermione. “Oh, for heaven’   ake,”  he  aid,  canning it quickly and pa ing it to Ron, who read it through looking increa ingly incredulou . “He’  mental” he  aid furiou ly. “That thing told it  mate  to eat Harry and me! Told them to help them elve ! And now Hagrid expect  u  to go down there and cry over it  horrible hairy body!” “It  not ju t that,”  aid Hermione. “He’  a king u  to leave the ca tle at night and he know   ecurity’  a million time  tighter and how much trouble we’d be in if we were caught.” “We’ve been down to  ee him by night before,”  aid Harry. “Ye , but for  omething like thi ?”  aid Hermione. “We’ve ri ked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all — Aragog’  dead. If it were a que tion of  aving him —” “— I’d want to go even le ,”  aid Ron firmly. “You didn’t meet him, Hermione. Believe me, being dead will have improved him a lot.” Harry took the note back and  tared down at all the inky blotche  all over it. Tear  had clearly fallen thick and fa t upon the parchment. . . . “Harry, you can’t be thinking of going,”  aid Hermione. “It’   uch a pointle  thing to get detention for.” Harry  ighed. “Yeah, I know,” he  aid. “I  ’po e Hagrid’ll have to bury Aragog without u .” “Ye , he will,”  aid Hermione, looking relieved. “Look, Potion  will be almo t empty thi  afternoon, with u  all off doing our te t . . . . Try and  often Slughorn up a bit then!” “Fifty eventh time lucky, you think?”  aid Harry bitterly. “Lucky,”  aid Ron  uddenly. “Harry, that’  it — get lucky!” “What d’you mean?” “U e your lucky potion!” “Ron, that’  — that’  it!”  aid Hermione,  ounding  tunned. “Of cour e! Why didn’t I think of it?” Harry  tared at them both. “Felix Felici ?” he  aid. “I dunno . . . I wa   ort of  aving it. …” “What for?” demanded Ron incredulou ly. “What on earth i  more important than thi  memory, Harry?” a ked Hermione. Harry did not an wer. The thought of that little golden bottle had hovered on the edge  of hi  imagination for  ome time; vague and unformulated plan  that involved Ginny  plitting up with Dean, and Ron  omehow being happy to  ee her with a new boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depth  of hi  brain, unacknowledged except during dream  or the twilight time between  leeping and waking. . . . “Harry? Are you  till with u ?” a ked Hermione. “Wha — ? Yeah, of cour e,” he  aid, pulling him elf together. “Well. . . okay. If I can’t get Slughorn to talk thi  afternoon, I’ll take  ome Felix and have another go thi  evening.” “That’  decided, then,”  aid Hermione bri kly, getting to her feet and performing a graceful pirouette. “De tination . . . determination . . . deliberation . . .”  he murmured. “Oh,  top that,” Ron begged her, “I feel  ick enough a  it i  — quick, hide me!” “It i n’t Lavender!”  aid Hermione impatiently, a  another couple of girl  appeared in the courtyard and Ron dived behind her. “Cool,”  aid Ron, peering over Hermione   houlder to check. “Blimey, they don’t look happy, do they?” “They’re the Montgomery  i ter  and of cour e they don’t look happy, didn’t you hear what happened to their little brother?”  aid Hermione. “I’m lo ing track of what’  happening to everyone’  relative , to be hone t,”  aid Ron. “Well, their brother wa  attacked by a werewolf. The rumor i  that their mother refu ed to help the Death Eater . Anyway, the boy wa  only five and he died in St. Mungo , they couldn’t  ave him.” “He died?” repeated Harry,  hocked. “But  urely werewolve  don’t kill, they ju t turn you into one of them?” “They  ometime  kill,”  aid Ron, who looked unu ually grave now. “I’ve heard of it happening when the werewolf get  carried away.” “What wa  the werewolf’  name?”  aid Harry quickly. “Well, the rumor i  that it wa  that Fenrir Greyback,”  aid Hermione. “I knew it — the maniac who like  attacking kid , the one Lupin told me about!”  aid Harry angrily. Hermione looked at him bleakly. “Harry, you’ve got to get that memory,”  he  aid. “It’  all about  topping Voldemort, i n’t it? The e dreadful thing  that are happening are all down to him. . . .” The bell rang overhead in the ca tle and both Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet, looking terrified. “You’ll do fine,” Harry told them both, a  they headed toward the entrance hall to meet the re t of the people taking their Apparition Te t. “Good luck.” “And you too!”  aid Hermione with a  ignificant look, a  Harry headed off to the dungeon . There were only three of them in Potion  that afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy. “All too young to Apparate ju t yet?”  aid Slughorh genially, “Not turned  eventeen yet?” They  hook their head . “Ah well,”  aid Slughorn cheerily, “a  we’re  o few, we’ll do  omething for fun. I want you all to brew me up  omething amu ing!” “That  ound  good,  ir,”  aid Ernie  ycophantically, rubbing hi  hand  together. Malfoy, on the other hand, did not crack a  mile. “What do you mean, ’ omething amu ing’?” he  aid irritably. “Oh,  urpri e me,”  aid Slughorn airily. Malfoy opened hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking with a  ulky expre ion. It could not have been plainer that he thought thi  le on wa  a wa te of time. Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching him over the top of hi  own book, Malfoy wa  begrudging the time he could otherwi e be  pending in the Room of Requirement. Wa  it hi  imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonk , look thinner! Certainly he looked paler; hi   kin  till had that grayi h tinge, probably becau e he  o rarely  aw daylight the e day . But there wa  no air of  mugne , excitement, or  uperiority; none of the  wagger that he had had on the Hogwart  Expre , when he had boa ted openly of the mi ion he had been given by Voldemort. . . . There could be only one conclu ion, in Harry’  opinion: The mi ion, whatever it wa , wa  going badly. Cheered by thi  thought, Harry  kimmed through hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking and found a heavily corrected HalfBlood Prince’  ver ion of “An Elixir to Induce Euphoria,” which  eemed not only to meet Slughorn’  in truction , but which might (Harry’  heart leapt a  the thought  truck him) put Slughorn into  uch a good mood that he would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could per uade him to ta te  ome. . . . “Well, now, thi  look  ab olutely wonderful,”  aid Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping hi  hand  together a  he  tared down into the  un hine yellow content  of Harry’  cauldron. “Euphoria, I take it? And what’  that I  mell? Mmmm . . . you’ve added ju t a  prig of peppermint, haven’t you? Unorthodox, but what a  troke of in piration, Harry, of cour e, that would tend to counterbalance the occa ional  ide effect  of exce ive  inging and no etweaking. … I really don’t know where you get the e brain wave , my boy . . . unle  —” Harry pu hed the HalfBlood Prince’  book deeper into hi  bag with hi  foot. “— it’  ju t your mother’  gene  coming out in you!” “Oh . . . yeah, maybe,”  aid Harry, relieved. Ernie wa  looking rather grumpy; determined to out hine Harry for once, he had mo t ra hly invented hi  own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of hi  cauldron. Malfoy wa  already packing up,  ourfaced; Slughorn had pronounced hi  Hiccuping Solution merely “pa able.” The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once. “Sir,” Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over hi   houlder; when he  aw that the room wa  empty but for him elf and Harry, he hurried away a  fa t a  he could. “Profe or — Profe or, don’t you want to ta te my po — ?” called Harry de perately. But Slughorn had gone. Di appointed, Harry emptied the cauldron, packed up hi  thing , left the dungeon, and walked  lowly back up tair  to the common room. Ron and Hermione returned in the late afternoon. “Harry!” cried Hermione a   he climbed through the portrait hole. “Harry, I pa ed!” “Well done!” he  aid. “And Ron?” “He — he ju t failed,” whi pered Hermione, a  Ron came  louching into the room looking mo t moro e. “It wa  really unlucky, a tiny thing, the examiner ju t  potted that he’d left half an eyebrow behind. . . How did it go with Slughorn?” “No joy,”  aid Harry, a  Ron joined them. “Bad luck, mate, but you’ll pa  next time — we can take it together.” “Yeah, I  ’po e,”  aid Ron grumpily. “But half an eyebrow – like that matter !” “I know,”  aid Hermione  oothingly, “it doe   eem really har h. …” They  pent mo t of their dinner roundly abu ing the Apparition examiner, and Ron looked fractionally more cheerful by the time they  et off back to the common room, now di cu ing the continuing problem of Slughorn and the memory. “So, Harry — you going to u e the Felix Felici  or what?” Ron demanded. “Yeah, I  ’po e I’d better,”  aid Harry. “I don’t reckon I’ll need all of it, not twentyfour hour ’ worth, it can’t take all night…. I’ll ju t take a mouthful. Two or three hour   hould do it.” “It’  a great feeling when you take it,”  aid Ron remini cently. “Like you can’t do anything wrong.” “What are you talking about?”  aid Hermione, laughing. “You’ve never taken any!” “Yeah, but I thought I had, didn’t I?”  aid Ron, a  though explaining the obviou . “Same difference really …” A  they had only ju t  een Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meal , they lingered for a while in the common room, the plan being that Harry  hould go to Slughorn   office once the teacher had had time to get back there. When the  un had  unk to the level of the treetop  in the Forbidden Fore t, they decided the moment had come, and after checking carefully that Neville, Dean, and Seamu  were all in the common room,  neaked up to the boy ’ dormitory. Harry took out the rolledup  ock  at the bottom of hi  trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle. “Well, here goe ,”  aid Harry, and he rai ed the little bottle and look a carefully mea ured gulp. “What doe  it feel like?” whi pered Hermione. Harry did not an wer for a moment. Then,  lowly but  urely, an exhilarating  en e of infinite opportunity  tole through him; he felt a  though he could have done anything, anything at all… and getting the memory from Slughorn  eemed  uddenly not only po ible, but po itively ea y. . . . He got to hi  feet,  miling, brimming with confidence. “Excellent,” he  aid. “Really excellent. Right. . . I’m going down to Hagrid’ .” “What?”  aid Ron and Hermione together, looking agha t. “No, Harry — you’ve got to go and  ee Slughorn, remember?”  aid Hermione. “No,”  aid Harry confidently. “I’m going to Hagrid’ , I’ve got a good feeling about going to Hagrid’ .” “You’ve got a good feeling about burying a giant  pider?” a ked Ron, looking  tunned. “Yeah,”  aid Harry, pulling hi  Invi ibility Cloak out of hi  bag. “I feel like it’  the place to be tonight, you know what I mean?” “No,”  aid Ron and Hermione together, both looking po itively alarmed now. “Thi  i  Felix Felici , I  uppo e?”  aid Hermione anxiou ly, holding up the bottle to the light. “You haven’t got another little bottle full of— I don’t know —” “E ence of In anity?”  ugge ted Ron, a  Harry  wung hi  cloak over hi   houlder . Harry laughed, and Ron and Hermione looked even more alarmed. “Tru t me,” he  aid. “I know what I’m doing … or at lea t” he  trolled confidently to the door— “Felix doe .” He pulled the Invi ibility Cloak over hi  head and  et off down the  tair , Ron and Hermione hurrying along behind him. At the foot of the  tair , Harry  lid through the open door. “What were you doing up there with her!”  hrieked Lavender Brown,  taring right through Harry at Ron and Hermione emerging together from the boy ’ dormitorie . Harry heard Ron  pluttering behind him a  he darted acro  the room away from them. Getting through the portrait hole wa   imple; a  he approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and Harry wa  able to  lip between them. A  he did  o, he bru hed accidentally again t Ginny. “Don’t pu h me, plea e, Dean,”  he  aid,  ounding annoyed. ; “You’re alway  doing that, I can get through perfectly well on my own. …” The portrait  wung clo ed behind Harry, but not before he had heard Dean make an angry retort.. . . Hi  feeling of elation increa ing, Harry  trode off through the ca tle. He did not have to creep along, for he met nobody on hi  way, but thi  did not  urpri e him in the  lighte t. Thi  evening, he wa  the luckie t per on at Hogwart . Why he knew that going to Hagrid’  wa  the right thing to do, he had no idea. It wa  a  though the potion wa  illuminating a few  tep  of the path at a time. He could not  ee the final de tination, he could not  ee where Slughorn came in, but he knew that he wa  going the right way to get that memory. When he reached the entrance hall he  aw that Filch had forgotten to lock the front door. Beaming, Harry threw it open and breathed in the  mell of clean air and gra  for a moment before walking down the  tep  into the du k. It wa  when he reached the bottom  tep that it occurred to him how very plea ant it would be to pa  the vegetable patch on hi  walk to Hagrid’ . It wa  not  trictly on the way, but it  eemed clear to Harry that thi  wa  a whim on which he  hould act,  o he directed hi  feet immediately toward the vegetable patch, where he wa  plea ed, but not altogether  urpri ed, to find Profe or Slughorn in conver ation with Profe or Sprout. Harry lurked behind a low  tone wall, feeling at peace with the world and li tening to their conver ation. “I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona,” Slughorn wa   aying courteou ly, “mo t authoritie  agree that they are at their mo t efficaciou  if picked at twilight.” “Oh, I quite agree,”  aid Profe or Sprout warmly. “That enough for you?” “Plenty, plenty,”  aid Slughorn, who, Harry  aw, wa  carrying an armful of leafy plant . “Thi   hould allow for a few leave  for each of my third year , and  ome to  pare if anybody over tew  them. . . . Well, good evening to you, and many thank  again!” Profe or Sprout headed off into the gathering darkne  in the direction of her greenhou e , and Slughorn directed hi   tep  to the  pot where Harry  tood, invi ible. Seized with an immediate de ire to reveal him elf, Harry pullet I off the cloak with a flouri h. “Good evening, Profe or.” “Merlin’  beard, Harry, you made me jump,”  aid Slughotn,  topping dead in hi  track  and looking wary. “How did you get out of the ca tle?” “I think Filch mu t’ve forgotten to lock the door ,”  aid Harry cheerfully, and wa  delighted to  ee Slughorn  cowl. “I’ll be reporting that man, he’  more concerned about litter than proper  ecurity if you a k me. . . . But why are you out then, Harry?” “Well,  ir, it’  Hagrid,”  aid Harry, who knew that the right thing to do ju t now wa  to tell the truth. “He’  pretty up et. . . But you won’t tell anyone, Profe or? I don’t want trouble for him. …” Slughorn’  curio ity wa  evidently arou ed. “Well, I can’t promi e that,” he  aid gruffly. “But I know that Dumbledore tru t  Hagrid to the hilt,  o I’m  ure he can’t be up to anything very dreadful. ..” “Well, it’  thi  giant  pider, he’  had it for year . … It lived in the fore t. … It could talk and everything —” “I heard rumor  there were acromantula  in the fore t,”  aid Slughorn  oftly, looking over at the ma  of black tree . “It’  true, then?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. “But thi  one, Aragog, the fir t one Hagrid ever got, it died la t night. He’  deva tated. He want  company while he burie  it and I  aid I’d go.” “Touching, touching,”  aid Slughorn ab entmindedly, hi  large droopy eye  fixed upon the di tant light  of Hagrid’  cabin. “But acromantula venom i  very valuable … If the bea t only ju t died it might not yet have dried out. . . . Of cour e, I wouldn’t want to do anything in en itive if Hagrid i  up et. . . but if there wa  any way to procure  ome … I mean, it  almo t impo ible to get venom from an acromantula while it  alive. …” Slughorn  eemed to be talking more to him elf than Harry now. “. . .  eem  an awful wa te not to collect it… might get a hundred Galleon  a pint. … To be frank, my  alary i  not large. . . .” And now Harry  aw clearly what wa  to be done. “Well,” he  aid, with a mo t convincing he itancy, “well, if you wanted to come, Profe or, Hagrid would probably be really plea ed. . . . Give Aragog a better  endoff, you know …” “Ye , of cour e,”  aid Slughorn, hi  eye  now gleaming with enthu ia m. “I tell you what, Harry, I’ll meet you down there with a bottle or two. . . . We’ll drink the poor bea t’  — well — not health — but we’ll  end it off in  tyle, anyway, once it’  buried. And I’ll change my tie, thi  one i  a little exuberant for the occa ion. . . .” He bu tled back into the ca tle, and Harry  ped off to Hagrid’ , delighted with him elf. “Yen came,” croaked Hagrid, when he opened the door and  aw Harry emerging from the Invi ibility Cloak in front of him. “Yeah — Ron and Hermione couldn’t, though,”  aid Harry. “They’re really  orry.” “Don — don matter . . . Hed’ve bin touched yeh’re here, though, Harry. . .” Hagrid gave a great  ob. He had made him elf a black armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot poli h, and hi  eye  were puffy, red, and  wollen. Harry patted him con olingly on the elbow, which wa  the highe t point of Hagrid he could ea ily reach. “Where are we burying him?” he a ked. “The fore t?” “Blimey, no,”  aid Hagrid, wiping hi   treaming eye  on the bottom of hi   hirt. “The other  pider  won’ let me anywhere near their web  now Aragog’  gone. Turn  out it wa  only on hi  order  they didn’ eat me! Can yeh believe that, Harry?” The hone t an wer wa  “ye ”; Harry recalled with painful ea e the  cene when he and Ron had come facetoface with the aeromantula . They had been quite clear that Aragog wa  the only thing that  topped them from eating Hagrid. “Never bin an area o’ the fore t I couldn’ go before!”  aid Hagrid,  haking hi  head. “It wa n’ ea y, gettin’ Aragog’  body out o’ there, I can tell yeh — they u ually eat their dead,  ee. . . . But I wanted ter give ‘im a nice burial… a proper  endoff. . .” He broke into  ob  again and Harry re umed the patting of hi  elbow,  aying a  he did  o (for the potion  eemed to indicate that it wa  the right thing to do), “Profe or Slughorn met me coming down here, Hagrid.” “Not in trouble, are yeh?”  aid Hagrid, looking up, alarmed. “Yeh  houldn’ be outta the ca tle in the evenin’, I know it, it’  my fault —” “No, no, when he heard what I wa  doing he  aid he’d like to come and pay hi  la t re pect  to Aragog too,”  aid Harry. “He’  gone to change into  omething more  uitable, I think…and he  aid he’d bring  ome bottle   o we can drink to Aragog’  memory…” “Did he?”  aid Hagrid, looking both a toni hed and touched. “Tha’  — tha’  righ’ nice of him, that i , an’ not turnin’ yeh in either. I’ve never really had a lot ter do with Horace Slughorn before. .. . Comin’ ter  ee old Aragog off, though, eh? Well. . . he’d’ve liked that, Aragog would. . . .” Harry thought privately that what Aragog would have liked mo t about Slughorn wa  the ample amount of edible fle h he provided, but he merely moved to the rear window of Hagrid’  hut, where he  aw the rather horrible  ight of the enormou  dead  pider lying on it  back out ide, it  leg  curled and tangled. “Are we going to bury him here, Hagrid, in your garden?” “Ju ’ beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought,”  aid Hagrid in a choked voice. “I’ve already dug the — yeh know — grave. Ju ’ thought we’d  ay a few nice thing  over him — happy memorie , yeh know —” Hi  voice quivered and broke. There wa  a knock on the door, and he turned to an wer it, blowing hi  no e on hi  great  potted handkerchief a  he did  o. Slughorn hurried over the thre hold,  everal bottle  in hi  arm , and wearing a  omber black cravat. “Hagrid,” he  aid, in a deep, grave voice. “So very  orry to hear of your lo .” “Tha’  very nice of yeh,”  aid Hagrid. “Thank  a lot. An’ thank  fer not givin Harry detention neither. . . .” “Wouldn’t have dreamed of it,”  aid Slughorn. “Sad night,  ad night. . . Where i  the poor creature?” “Out here,”  aid Hagrid in a  haking voice. “Shall we —  hall we do it, then?” The three of them  tepped out into the back garden. The moon wa  gli tening palely through the tree  now, and it  ray  mingled with the light  pilling from Hagrid’  window to illuminate Aragog  body lying on the edge of a ma ive pit be ide a tenfoot- high mound of fre hly dug earth. “Magnificent,”  aid Slughorn, approaching the  pider  head, where eight milky eye   tared blankly at the  ky and two huge, curved pincer   hone, motionle , in the moonlight. Harry thougln he heard the tinkle of bottle  a  Slughorn bent over the pincer , apparently examining the enormou  hairy head. “It  not ev’ryone appreciate  how beau’iful they are’  aid H grid to Slughorn’  back, tear  leaking from the corner  of hi  crinkled eye . “I didn’ know yeh were intere ted in creature  like Aragog, Horace.” “Intere ted? My dear Hagrid, I revere them,”  aid Slughorn,  tepping back from the body. Harry  aw the glint of a bottle di appear beneath hi  cloak, though Hagrid, mopping hi  eye  once more, noticed nothing. “Now . . .  hall we proceed to the burial?” Hagrid nodded and moved forward. He heaved the gigantic  pider into hi  arm  and, with an enormou  grunt, rolled it into the dark pit. It hit the bottom with a rather horrible, crunchy thud. Hagrid  tarted to cry again. “Of cour e, it’  difficult for you, who knew him be t,”  aid Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher than Hagrid’  elbow, but patted it all the  ame. “Why don’t I  ay a few word ?” He mu t have got a lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a  ati fied  mirk a  he  tepped up to the rim of the pit and  aid, in a  low, impre ive voice, “Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnid , who e long and faithful friend hip tho e who knew you won’t forget! Though your body will decay, your  pirit linger  on in the quiet, web pun place  of your fore t home. May your manyeyed de cendant  ever flouri h and your human friend  find  olace for the lo  they have  u tained.” “Tha wa  . . . tha wa  . . . beau’iful!” howled Hagrid, and he collap ed onto the compo t heap, crying harder than ever. “There, there,”  aid Slughorn, waving hi  wand  o that the huge pile of earth ro e up and then fell, with a muffled  ort of cra h, onto the dead  pider, forming a  mooth mound. “Let  get in ide and have a drink. Get on hi  other  ide, Harry. . . . That’  it. … Up you come, Hagrid . . . Well done …” They depo ited Hagrid in a chair at the table. Fang, who had been  kulking in hi  ba ket during the burial, now came padding  oftly acro  to them and put hi  heavy head into Harry’  lap a  u ual. Slughorn uncorked one of the bottle  of wine he had brought. “I have had it all te ted for poi on,” he a ured Harry, pouring mo t of the fir t bottle into one of Hagrid’  bucket ized mug  and handing it to Hagrid. “Had a hou eelf ta te every bottle after what happened to your poor friend Rupert.” Harry  aw, in hi  mind’  eye, the expre ion on Hermione’  face if  he ever heard about thi  abu e of hou eelve , and decided never to mention it to her. “One for Harry . . .”  aid Slughorn, dividing a  econd bottle between two mug , “. . . and one for me. Well” — he rai ed hi  mug high — “to Aragog.” “Aragog,”  aid Harry and Hagrid together. Both Slughorn and Hagrid drank deeply. Harry, however, with the way ahead illuminated for him by Felix Felici , knew that he mu t not drink,  o he merely pretended to take a gulp and then  et the mug back on the table before him. “I had him from an egg, yeh know,”  aid Hagrid moro ely. “‘Tiny little thing he wa  when he hatched. ‘Bout the  ize of a Pekinge e” “Sweet,”  aid Slughorn. “U ed ter keep him in a cupboard up at the  chool until . . . well…” Hagrid’  face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid thrown out of  chool, blamed for opening the Chamber of Secret . Slughorn, however, did not  eem to be li tening; he wa  looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of bra  pot  hung, and al o a long,  ilky  kein of bright white hair. “That’  not unicorn hair, Hagrid?” “Oh, yeah,”  aid Hagrid indifferently. “Get  pulled out of their tail , they catch it on branche  an’  tuff in the fore t, yeh know …” “But my dear chap, do you know how much that’  worth?” “I u e it fer bindin’ on bandage  an  tuff if a creature get  in jured,”  aid Hagrid,  hrugging. “It’  dead u eful. . . very  trong.” Slughorn took another deep draught from hi  mug, hi  eye  moving carefully around the cabin now, looking, Harry knew, for more trea ure  that he might be able to convert into a plentiful  u ply of oakmatured mead, cry talized pineapple, and velvet  moking jacket . He refilled Hagrid’  mug and hi  own, and que tioned him about the creature  that lived in the fore t the e day  and how Hagrid wa  able to look after them all. Hagrid, becoming expan ive under the influence of the drink and Slughorn’  flattering intere t,  topped mopping hi  eye  and entered happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle hu bandry. The Felix Felici  gave Harry a little nudge at thi  point, and he noticed that the  upply of drink that Slughorn had brought wa  running out fa t. Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Refilling Charm without  aying the incantation aloud, but the idea that he might not be able to do it tonight wa  laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to him elf a , unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slugliorn (now  wapping tale  of the illegal trade in dragon egg ) he pointed hi  wand under the table at the emptying bottle  and they immediately began to refill. After an hour or  o, Hagrid and Slughorn began making extravagant toa t : to Hogwart , to Dumbledore, to elfmade wine, and to- “Harry Potter!” bellowed Hagrid,  lopping  ome of hi  fourteenth bucket of wine down hi  chin a  he drained it. “Ye , indeed,” cried Slughorn a little thickly, “Parry Otter, the Cho en Boy Who — well —  omething of that  ort,” he mumbled, and drained hi  mug too. Not long after thi , Hagrid became tearful again and pre ed the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn, who pocketed it with crie  of, “To friend hip! To genero ity! To ten Galleon  a hair!” And for a while after that, Hagrid and Slughorn were  itting  ide by  ide, arm  around each other,  inging a  low  ad  ong about a dying wizard called Odo. “Aaargh, the good die young,” muttered Hagrid,  lumping low onto the table, a little cro eyed, while Slughorn continued to warble the refrain. “Me dad wa  no age ter go … nor were yer mum’ an’ dad, Harry . . .” Great fat tear  oozed out of the corner  of Hagrid’  crinkled eye  again; he gra ped Harry’  arm and  hook it “Be ’ wiz and witchard o’ their age … I never knew.. . terrible thing . . . terrible thing …” “And Odo the hero, they bore him back home To the place that he’d known a  a lad,”  ang Slughorn plaintively. “They laid him to re t with hi  hat in ide out. And hi  wand  napped in two, which wa   ad.” “. . . terrible,” Hagrid grunted, and hi  great  haggy head rolled  ideway  onto hi  arm  and he fell a leep,  noring deeply. “Sorry,”  aid Slughorn with a hiccup. “Can’t carry a tune to  ave my life.” “Hagrid wa n’t talking about your  inging,”  aid Harry quietly. “He wa  talking about my mum and dad dying.” “Oh,”  aid Slughorn, repre ing a large belch. “Oh dear. Ye , that wa  — wa  terrible indeed. Terrible . . . terrible …” He looked quite at a lo  for what to  ay, and re orted to refilling their mug . “I don’t — don’t  uppo e you remember it, Harry?” he a ked awkwardly. “No — well, I wa  only one when they died,”  aid Harry, hi  eye  on the flame of the candle flickering in Hagrid’  heavy  nore . “But I’ve found out pretty much what happened  ince. My dad died fir t. Did you know that?” “I — I didn’t,”  aid Slughorn in a hu hed voice. “Yeah . . . Voldemort murdered him and then  tepped over hi  body toward my mum,”  aid Harry. Slughorn gave a great  hudder, but he did not  eem able to tear hi  horrified gaze away from Harry’  face. “He told her to get out of the way,”  aid Harry remor ele ly. “He told me  he needn’t have died. He only wanted me. She could have run.” “Oh dear,” breathed Slughorn. “She could have . . .  he needn’t . . . That’  awful. . . .” “It i , i n’t it?”  aid Harry, in a voice barely more than a whi per. “But  he didn’t move. Dad wa  already dead, but  he didn’t want me to go too. She tried to plead with Voldemort. . . but he ju t laughed….” “That’  enough!”  aid Slughorn  uddenly, rai ing a  haking hand. “Really, my dear boy, enough . . . I’m an old man … I don’t need to hear … I don’t want to hear …” “I forgot,” lied Harry, Felix Felici  leading him on. “You liked her, didn’t you?” “Liked her?”  aid Slughorn, hi  eye  brimming with tear  once more. “I don’t imagine anyone who met her wouldn’t have liked her. . . . Very brave . . . Very funny… It wa  the mo t horrible thing. …” “But you won’t help her  on,”  aid Harry. “She gave me her life, but you won’t give me a memory.” Hagrid’  rumbling  nore  filled the cabin. Harry looked  teadily into Slughorn’  tearfilled eye . The Potion  ma ter  eemed unable to look away. “Don’t  ay that,” he whi pered. “It i n’t a que tion … If it were to help you, of cour e . . . but no purpo e can be  erved . . .” “It can,”  aid Harry clearly. “Dumbledore need  information. I need information.” He knew he wa   afe: Felix wa  telling him that Slughorn would remember nothing of thi  in the morning. Looking Slughorn  traight in the eye, Harry leaned forward a little. “I am the Cho en One. I have to kill him. I need that memory.” Slughorn turned paler than ever; hi   hiny forehead gleamed with  weat. “You are the Cho en One?” . . I. “Of cour e I am,”  aid Harry calmly. “But then . . . my dear boy . . . you’re a king a great deal. . . you’re a king me, in fact, to aid you in your attempt to de troy-“ “You don’t want to get rid of the wizard who killed Lily Evan ?’” “Harry, Harry, of cour e I do, but —” “You’re  cared he’ll find out you helped me?” Slughorn  aid nothing; he looked terrified. “Be brave like my mother, Profe or. . . .” Slughorn rai ed a pudgy hand and pre ed hi   haking finger  to hi  mouth; he looked for a moment like an enormou ly overgrown baby. “I am not proud . . .” he whi pered through hi  finger . “I am a hamed of what — of what that memory  how . … I think I may have done great damage that day. …” “You’d cancel out anything you did by giving me the memory,”  aid Harry. “It would be a very brave and noble thing to do.” Hagrid twitched in hi   leep and  nored on. Slughorn and Harry  tared at each other over the guttering candle. There wa  a long, long  ilence, but Felix Felici  told Harry not to break it, to wait. Then, very  lowly, Slughorn put hi  hand in hi  pocket and pulled out hi  wand. He put hi  other hand in ide hi  cloak and took out a  mall, empty bottle. Still looking into Harry’  eye , Slughorn touched the tip of hi  wand to hi  temple and withdrew it,  o that a long,  ilver thread of memory came away too, clinging to the wand tip. Longer and longer the memory  tretched until it broke and  wung,  ilvery bright, from the wand. Slughorn lowered it into the bottle where it coiled, then  pread,  wirling like ga . He corked the bottle with a trembling hand and then pa ed it acro  the table to Harry. “Thank you very much, Profe or.” “You’re a good boy,”  aid Profe or Slughorn, tear  trickling down hi  fat cheek  into hi  walru  mu tache. “And you’ve got her eye . . . . Ju t don’t think too badly of me once you’ve  een it. . . ,” And he too put hi  head on hi  arm , gave a deep  igh, and fell a leep. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 23: Horcruxe  Harry could feel the Felix Felici  wearing off a  he creeped back into the ca tle. The front door had remained un locked for him, but on the third floor he met Peeve  and only narrowly avoided detection by diving  ideway  through one of hi   hortcut . By the time he got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pulled off hi  Invi ibility Cloak, he wa  not  urpri ed to find her in a mo t unhelpful mood. “What  ort of time do you call thi ?” “I’m really  orry — I had to go out for  omething important —” “Well, the pa word changed at midnight,  o you’ll ju t have to  leep in the corridor, won’t you?” “You’re joking!”  aid Harry. “Why did it have to change at midnight?” “That’  the way it i ,”  aid the Fat Lady. “If you’re angry, go and take it up with the headma ter, he’  the one who’  tightened  ecurity.” “Fanta tic,”  aid Harry bitterly, looking around at the hard floor. “Really brilliant. Yeah, I would go and take it up with Dumbledore if he wa  here, becau e he’  the one who wanted me to —” “He i  here,”  aid a voice behind Harry. “Profe or Dumbledore returned to the  chool an hour ago.” Nearly Headle  Nick wa  gliding toward Harry, hi  head wobbling a  u ual upon hi  ruff. “I had it from the Bloody Baron, who  aw him arrive,”  aid Nick. “He appeared, according to the Baron, to be in good  pirit , though a little tired, of cour e.” “Where i  he?”  aid Harry, hi  heart leaping,” “Oh, groaning and clanking up on the A tronomy Tower, it’  a, favorite pa time of hi  —” “Not the Bloody Baron — Dumbledore!” “Oh — in hi  office,”  aid Nick. “I believe, from what the Baron  aid, that he had bu ine  to attend to before turning in —” “Yeah, he ha ,”  aid Harry, excitement blazing in hi  che t at the pro pect of telling Dumbledore he had  ecured the memory. He wheeled about and  printed off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who wa  calling after him. “Come back! All right, I lied! I wa  annoyed you woke me up! The pa word’   till ‘tapeworm’!” But Harry wa  already hurtling back along the corridor and within minute , he wa   aying “toffee eclair ” to Dumbledore’  gargoyle, which leapt a ide, permitting Harry entrance onto the  piral  tairca e. “Enter,”  aid Dumbledore when Harry knocked. He  ounded exhau ted. Harry pu hed open the door. There wa  Dumbledore’  office, looking the  ame a  ever, but with black,  tar trewn  kie  beyond the window . “Good graciou , Harry,”  aid Dumbledore in  urpri e. “To what do I owe thi  very late plea ure?” “Sir — I’ve got it. I’ve got the memory from Slughorn.” Harry pulled out the tiny gla  bottle and  howed it to Dumbledore. For a moment or two, the headma ter looked  tunned. Then hi  face  plit in a wide  mile. “Harry, thi  i   pectacular new ! Very well done indeed! I knew you could do it!” All thought of the latene  of the hour apparently forgotten, he hurried around hi  de k, took the bottle with Slughorn’  memory in hi  uninjured hand, and  trode over to the cabinet where he kepi the Pen ieve. “And now,”  aid Dumbledore, placing the  tone ba in upon the de k and emptying the content  of the bottle into it. “Now, at la t. we  hall  ee. Harry, quickly . . .” Harry bowed obediently over the Pen ieve and felt hi  feet leave the office floor. . . . Once again he fell through darkne  and landed in Horace Slughorn’  office many year  before. There wa  the much younger Slughorn, with hi  thick,  hiny,  trawcolored hair and hi  gingeryblond mu tache,  itting again in the comfortable winged armchair in hi  office, hi  feet re ting upon a velvet pouffe, a  mall gla  of wine in one hand, the other rummaging in a box of cry tallized pineapple. And there were the half dozen teenage boy   itting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the mid t of them, Marvolo’  goldandblack ring gleaming on hi  finger. Dumbledore landed be ide Harry ju t a  Riddle a ked, “Sir i  it true that Profe or Merrythought i  retiring?” “Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn’t tell you,”  aid Slughorn, wagging hi  finger reprovingly at Riddle, though winking at the  ame time. “I mu t  ay, I’d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the  taff, you are.” Riddle  miled; the other boy  laughed and ca t him admiring look . “What with your uncanny ability to know thing  you  houldn’t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter — thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you’re quite right, it i  my favorite —” Several of the boy  tittered again. “— I confidently expect you to ri e to Mini ter of Magic within twenty year . Fifteen, if you keep  ending me pineapple, I have excellent contact  at the Mini try.” Tom Riddle merely  miled a  the other  laughed again. Harry noticed that he wa  by no mean  the elde t of the group of boy , but that they all  eemed to look to him a  their leader. “I don’t know that politic  would  uit me,  ir,” he  aid when the laughter had died away. “I don’t have the right kind of background, for one thing.” A couple of the boy  around him  mirked at each other. Harry wa   ure they were enjoying a private joke, undoubtedly about what they knew, or  u pected, regarding their gang leader’  famou  ance tor. “Non en e,”  aid Slughorn bri kly, “couldn’t be plainer you come from decent Wizarding  tock, abilitie  like your . No, you’ll go far, Tom, I’ve never been wrong about a  tudent yet.” The  mall golden clock  tanding upon Slughorn’  de k chimed eleven o’clock behind him and he looked around. “Good graciou , i  it that time already? You’d better get going boy , or we’ll all be in trouble. Le trange, I want your e ay by in morrow or it’  detention. Same goe  for you, Avery.” One by one, the boy  filed out of the room. Slughorn heaved him elf out of hi  armchair and carried hi  empty gla  over to hi  de k. A movement behind him made him look around; Riddle wa   till  tanding there. “Look  har p, Tom, you don’t want to be caught out of bed out of hour , and you a prefect.. .” “Sir, I wanted to a k you  omething.” -’ “A k away, then, m’boy, a k away. . . .” “Sir, I wondered what you know about. . . about Horcruxe ?’ Slughorn  tared at him, hi  thick ringer  ab entmindedly clawing the  tem of hi  wine gla . “Project for Defen e Again t the Dark Art , i  it?” But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well that thi  wa  not  choolwork. “Not exactly,  ir,”  aid Riddle. “I came acro  the term while reading and I didn’t fully under tand it.” “No . . . well. . . you’d be hardpu hed to find a book at Hogwart  that’ll give you detail  on Horcruxe , Tom, that’  very Dark  tuff, very Dark indeed,”  aid Slughorn. “But you obviou ly know all about them,  ir? I mean, a wizard like you —  orry, I mean, if you can’t tell me, obviou ly — I ju t knew if anyone could tell me, you could —  o I ju t thought I’d –“ It wa  very well done, thought Harry, the he itancy, the ca ual tone, the careful flattery, none of it overdone. He, Harry, had had too much experience of trying to wheedle information out of reluctant people not to recognize a ma ter at work. He could tell that Riddle wanted the information very, very much; perhap  had been working toward thi  moment for week . “Well,”  aid Slughorn, not looking at Riddle, but fiddling with the ribbon on top of hi  box of cry tallized pineapple, “well, it can’t hurt to give you an overview, of cour e. Ju t  o that you under tand t he term. A Horcrux i  the word u ed for an object in which a per on ha  concealed part of their  oul.” “I don’t quite under tand how that work , though,  ir,”  aid Riddle. Hi  voice wa  carefully controlled, but Harry could  en e hi  excitement. “Well, you  plit your  oul, you  ee,”  aid Slughorn, “and hide part of it in an object out ide the body. Then, even if one’  body i  attacked or de troyed, one cannot die, for part of the  oul remain  earthbound and undamaged. But of cour e, exi tence in  uch a form …” Slughorn’  face crumpled and Harry found him elf remembering word  he had heard nearly two year  before: “I wa  ripped from my body, I wa  le  than  pirit, le  than the meane t gho t. . . but  till, I wa  alive.” “… few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be preferable.” But Riddle’  hunger wa  now apparent; hi  expre ion wa  greedy, he could no longer hide hi  longing. “How do you  plit your  oul?” “Well,”  aid Slughorn uncomfortably, “you mu t under tand that the  oul i   uppo ed to remain intact and whole. Splitting n it I an act of violation, it i  again t nature.” “But how do you do it?” “By an act of evil — the  upreme act of evil. By commiting murder. Killing rip  the  oul apart. The wizard intent upon creating a Horcrux would u e the damage to hi  advantage: He would enca e the torn portion —” “Enca e? But how — ?” “There i  a  pell, do not a k me, I don’t know!”  aid Slughoin  haking hi  head like an old elephant bothered by mo quitoe . ” Do I look a  though I have tried it — do I look like a killer?” “No,  ir, of cour e not,”  aid Riddle quickly. “I’m  orry … I didn’t mean to offend . . .” “Not at all, not at all, not offended,”  aid Slughorn gruffly, “It i  natural to feel  ome curio ity about the e thing . . . . Wizard  of a certain caliber have alway  been drawn to that a pect of magic. . . .” “Ye ,  ir,”  aid Riddle. “What I don’t under tand, though — ju t out of curio ity — I mean, would one Horcrux be much u e? Can you only  plit your  oul once? Wouldn’t it be better, make you  tronger, to have your  oul in more piece , I mean, for in tance, i n’t  even the mo t powerfully magical number, wouldn’t  even — ?” “Merlin’  beard, Tom!” yelped Slughorn. “Seven! I n’t it bad enough to think of killing one per on? And in any ca e . . . bad enough to divide the  oul . . . but to rip it into  even piece  . . .” Slughorn looked deeply troubled now: He wa  gazing at Riddle a  though he had never  een him plainly before, and Harry could tell that he wa  regretting entering into the conver ation at all. “Of cour e,” he muttered, “thi  i  all hypothetical, what we’re di cu ing, i n’t it? All academic . . .” “Ye ,  ir, of cour e,”  aid Riddle quickly. “But all the  ame, Tom . . . keep it quiet, what I’ve told — that’  to  ay, what we’ve di cu ed. People wouldn’t like to think we’ve been chatting about Horcruxe . It’  a banned  ubject at Hogwart , you know. . . . Dumbledore’  particularly fierce about it. …” “I won’t  ay a word,  ir,”  aid Riddle, and he left, but not before Harry had glimp ed hi  face, which wa  full of that  ame wild happine  it had worn when he had fir t found out that he wa  a wizard, the  ort of happine  that did not enhance hi  hand ome feature , but made them,  omehow, le  human. . . . “Thank you, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Let u  go. . . .” When Harry landed back on the office floor Dumbledore wa  ; already  itting down behind hi  de k. Harry  at too and waited for Dumbledore to  peak. “I have been hoping for thi  piece of evidence for a very long time,”  aid Dumbledore at la t. “It confirm  the theory on which I have been working, it tell  me that I am right, and al o how very far there i   till to go. …” Harry  uddenly noticed that every  ingle one of the old headma ter  and headmi tre e  in the portrait  around the wall  wa  awake and li tening in on their conver ation. A corpulent, red no ed wizard had actually taken out an ear trumpet. “Well, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, “I am  ure you under tood the  ignificance of what we ju t heard. At the  ame age a  you are now, give or take a few month , Tom Riddle wa  doing all he could to find out how to make him elf immortal.” “You think he  ucceeded then,  ir?” a ked Harry. “He made a Horcrux? And that’  why he didn’t die when he attacked me? He had a Horcrux hidden  omewhere? A bit of hi   oul wa   afe?” “A bit… or more,”  aid Dumbledore. “You heard Voldemort, what he particularly wanted from Horace wa  an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard  o determined to evade death that he would be prepared to murder many time , rip hi   oul repeatedly,  o a  to  tore it in many,  eparately concealed Horcruxc. No book would have given him that information. A  far a  I know — a  far, I am  ure, a  Voldemort knew — no wizard had ever done more than tear hi   oul in two.” Dumbledore pau ed for a moment, mar haling hi  thought, and then  aid, “Four year  ago, I received what I con idered certain proof that Voldemort had  plit hi   oul.” “Where?” a ked Harry. “How?” “You handed it to me, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. “The diary, Riddle  diary, the one giving in truction  on how to reopen the Chamber of Secret .” “I don’t under tand,  ir,”  aid Harry. “Well, although I did not  ee the Riddle who came out of the diary, what you de cribed to me wa  a phenomenon I had never witne ed. A mere memory  tarting to act and think for it elf? A mere memory,  apping the life out of the girl into who e hand  it had fallen? No,  omething much more  ini ter had lived in ide that book. … a fragment of  oul, I wa  almo t  ure of it. The diary had been a Horcrux. But thi  rai ed a  many que tion  a  it an wered. What intrigued and alarmed me mo t wa  that that diary had been intended a  a weapon a  much a  a  afeguard.” “1  till don’t under tand,”  aid Harry. “Well, it worked a  a Horcrux i   uppo ed to work — in other word , the fragment of  oul concealed in ide it wa  kept  afe and had undoubtedly played it  part in preventing the death of it  owner. But there could be no doubt that Riddle really wanted that diary read, wanted the piece of hi   oul to inhabit or po e   omebody el e,  o that Slytherin’  mon ter would be unlea hed again.” “Well, he didn’t want hi  hard work to be wa ted,”  aid Harry. “He wanted people to know he wa  Slytherin’  heir, becau e he couldn’t take credit at the time.” “Quite correct,”  aid Dumbledore, nodding. “But don’t you  ee, Harry, that if he intended the diary to be pa ed to, or planted on,  ome future Hogwart   tudent, he wa  being remarkably bla e about that preciou  fragment of hi   oul concealed within it. The point of a Horcrux i , a  Profe or Slughorn explained, to keep part of the  elf hidden and  afe, not to fling it into  omebody el e’  path and run the ri k that they might de troy it — a  indeed happened: That particular fragment of  oul i  no more; you  aw to that. The carele  way in which Voldemort regarded thi  Horcrux  eemed mo t ominou  to me. It  ugge ted that he mu t have made — or had been planning to make — more Horcruxe ,  o that the lo  of hi  fir t would not be  o detrimental. I did not wi h to believe it, but nothing el e  eemed to make  en e. Then you told me, two year  later, that on the night that Voldemort returned to hi  body, he made a mo t illuminating and alarming  tatement to hi  Death Eater . ‘I who have gone further than anybody along the path that lead  to immortality.’ That wa  what you told me he  aid. ‘Further than anybody!’ And I thought I knew what that meant, though the Death Eater  did not. He wa  referring to hi  Horcruxe , Horcruxe  in the plural, Harry, which I don’t believe any other wizard ha  ever had. Yet it fitted: Lord Voldomort ha   eemed to grow le  human with the pa ing year , and the tran formation he had undergone  eemed to me to be only explainable if hi   oul wa  mutilated beyond the realm  of what we might call ‘u ual evil’ . . .” “So he’  made him elf impo ible to kill by murdering other people?”  aid Harry. “Why couldn’t he make a Sorcerer’  Stone, or  teal one, if he wa   o intere ted in immortality?” “Well, we know that he tried to do ju t that, five year  ago,”  ;n«l Dumbledore. “But there are  everal rea on  why, I think, a Sorcerer’  Stone would appeal le  than Horcruxe  to Lord Voldemort, “While the Elixir of Life doe  indeed extend life, it mu t lie drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker i  to maintain the immortality. Therefore, Voldemort would be entirely dependant on the Elixir, and if it ran out, or wa  contaminated, or if the Stone wa   tolen, he would die ju t like any other man. Voldemort like  to operate alone, remember. I believe that he would have found the thought of being dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of cour e he wa  prepared to drink it if it would take him out of the horrible partlife to which he wa  condemned after attacking you, but only to regain a body. Thereafter, I am convinced, he intended to continue to rely on hi  Horcruxe . He would need nothing more, if only he could regain a human form. He wa  already immortal, you  ee … or a  clo e to immortal a  any man can be. But now, Harry, armed with thi  information, the crucial memory you have  ucceeded in procuring for u , we are clo er to the  ecret of fini hing Lord Voldemort than anyone ha  ever been before. You heard him, Harry: ‘Wouldn’t it be better, make you  tronger, to have your  oul in more piece  . . . i n’t  even the mo t powerfully magical number . . .’ I n’t  even the mo t powerfully magical number. Ye , I think the idea of a  evenpart  oul would greatly appeal to Lord Voldemort.” “He made  even Horcruxe ?”  aid Harry, horror truck, while  everal of the portrait  on the wall  made  imilar noi e  of  hock mid outrage. “But they could be anywhere in the world — hidden — buried or invi ible —” “I am glad to  ee you appreciate the magnitude of the problem,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. “But fir tly, no, Harry, not  even Horcruxe :  ix. The  eventh part of hi   oul, however maimed, re ide  in ide hi  regenerated body. That wa  the part of him that lived a  pectral exi tence for  o many year  during hi  exile; without that, he ha  no  elf at all. That  eventh piece of  oul will be the la t that anybody wi hing to kill Voldemort mu t attack — the piece that live  in hi  body.” “But the  ix Horcruxe , then,”  aid Harry, a little de perately, “how are we  uppo ed to find them?” “You are forgetting . . . you have already de troyed one of them. And I have de troyed another.” “You have?”  aid Harry eagerly. “Ye  indeed,”  aid Dumbledore, and he rai ed hi  blackened, burnedlooking hand. “The ring, Harry. Marvolo’  ring. And a terrible cur e there wa  upon it too. Had it not been — forgive me the lack of  eemly mode ty — for my own prodigiou   kill, and for Profe or Snape’  timely action when I returned to Hogwart , de perately injured, I might not have lived to tell the tale. However, a withered hand doe  not  eem an unrea onable exchange for a  eventh of Voldemort’   oul. The ring i  no longer a Horcrux.” “But how did you find it?” “Well, a  you now know, for many year  I have made it my bu ine  to di cover a  much a  I can about Voldemort’  pa t life. I have traveled widely, vi iting tho e place  he once knew. I  tumbled acro  the ring hidden in the ruin of the Gaunt’  hou e. It  eem that once Voldemort had  ucceeded in  ealing a piece of hi   oul in  ide it, he did not want to wear it anymore. He hid it, protected by many powerful enchantment , in the  hack where hi  ance tor  had once lived (Morfin having been carted off to Azkaban, of cour e), never gue ing that I might one day take the trouble to vi it the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye open for trace  of magical concealment. “However, we  hould not congratulate our elve  too heartily. You de troyed the diary and I the ring, but if we are right in our theory of a  evenpart  oul, four Horcruxe  remain.” “And they could be anything?”  aid Harry. “They could be oh, in tin can  or, I dunno, empty potion bottle . . . .” “You are thinking of Portkey , Harry, which mu t be ordinary object , ea y to overlook. But would Lord Voldemort u e tin can  or old potion bottle  to guard hi  own preciou   oul? You are forgetting what I have  howed you. Lord Voldemort liked to collect trophie , and he preferred object  with a powerful magical hi tory Hi  pride, hi  belief in hi  own  uperiority, hi  determination to carve for him elf a  tartling place in magical hi tory; the e thing ,  ugge t to me that Voldemort would have cho en hi  Horcruxr with  ome care, favoring object  worthy of the honor.” “The diary wa n’t that  pecial.” “The diary, a  you have  aid your elf, wa  proof that he wa  the Hire of Slytherin. I am  ure that Voldemort con idered it of  tupendou  importance.” “So, the other Horcruxe ?”  aid Harry. “Do you think you know what they are,  ir?” “I can only gue ,”  aid Dumbledore. “For the rea on  I have already given, I believe that Lord Voldemort would prefer object  that, in them elve , have a certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back through Voldemort’  pa t to  ee if I can find evidence that  uch artifact  have di appeared around him.” “The locket!”  aid Harry loudly, “Hufflepuff’  cup!” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling, “I would be prepared to bet — perhap  not my other hand — but a couple of finger , that they became Horcruxe  three and four. The remaining two, a uming again that he created a total of  ix, are more of a problem, but I will hazard a gue  that, having  ecured object  from Hufflepuff and Slytherin, he  et out to track down object  owned by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. Four object  from the four founder  would, I am  ure, have exerted a powerful pull over Voldemort’  imagination. I cannot an wer for whether he ever managed to find anything of Ravenclaw’ . I am confident, however, that the only known relic of Gryffindor remain   afe.” Dumbledore pointed hi  blackened finger  to the wall behind him, where a rubyencru ted  word repo ed within a gla  ca e. “Do you think that’  why he really wanted to come back to Hogwart ,  ir?”  aid Harry. “To try and find  omething from one of the other founder ?” “My thought  preci ely,”  aid Dumbledore. “But unfortunately, that doe  not advance u  much further, for he wa  turned away, or  o I believe, without the chance to  earch the  chool. I am forced to conclude that he never fulfilled hi  ambition of collecting four founder ’ object . He definitely had two — he may have found three — that i  the be t we can do for now.” “Even if he got  omething of Ravenclaw’  or of Gryffindor’ , that leave  a  ixth Horcrux,”  aid Harry, counting on hi  finger . “Unle  he’  got both?” “I don’t think  o,”  aid Dumbledore. “I think I know what the  ixth Horcrux i . I wonder what you will  ay when I confe  that I have been curiou  for a while about the behavior of the  nake, Nagini?’ “The  nake?”  aid Harry,  tartled. “You can u e animal  a  Horcruxe ?” “Well, it i  inadvi able to do  o,”  aid Dumbledore, “becau e to confide a part of your  oul to  omething that can think and move for it elf i  obviou ly a very ri ky bu ine . However, if my calculation  are correct, Voldemort wa   till at lea t one Horcrux  hort of hi  goal of  ix when he entered your parent ’ hou e with the intention of killing you. He  eem  to have re erved the proce  of making Horcruxe  for particularly  ignificant death . You would certainly have been that. He believed that in killing you, he wa  de troying the danger the prophecy had outlined. He believed he wa  making him elf invincible. I am  ure that he wa  intending to make hi  final Horcrux with your death. A  we know, he failed. After an interval of  ome year , however, he u ed Nagini to kill an old Muggle man, and it might then have occurred to him to turn her into hi  la t Horcrux. She underline  the Slytherin connection, which enhance  Lord Voldemort  my tique; I think he i  perhap  a  fond of her a  he can be of anything; he certainly like  to keep her clo e, and he  eem  to have an unu ual amount of control over her, even for a Par elmouth.” “So,”  aid Harry, “the diary’  gone, the ring’  gone. The cup, the locket, and the  nake are  till intact, and you think there might be a Horcrux that wa  once Ravenclaw’  or Gryffindor’ ?” “An admirably  uccinct and accurate  ummary, ye ,”  aid Dumbledore, bowing hi  head. “So . . . are you  till looking for them,  ir? I  that where you’ve been going when you’ve been leaving the  chool?” “Correct,”  aid Dumbledore. “I have been looking for a very long time. I think. . . perhap  … I may be clo e to finding another one. There are hopeful  ign .” “And if you do,”  aid Harry quickly, “can I come with you and help get rid of it?” Dumbledore looked at Harry very intently for a moment before  aying, “Ye , I think  o.” “I can?”  aid Harry, thoroughly taken aback. “Oh ye ,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling  lightly. “I think you have earned that right.” Harry felt hi  heart lift. It wa  very good not to hear word  of caution and protection for once. The headma ter  and headmi tre e  around the wall   eemed le  impre ed by Dumbledore’  deci ion; Harry  aw a few of them  haking their head  and Phinea  Nigellu  actually  norted. “Doe  Voldemort know when a Horcrux i  de troyed,  ir? Can he feel it?” Harry a ked, ignoring the portrait . “A very intere ting que tion, Harry. I believe not. I believe that Voldemort i  now  o immer ed in evil, and the e crucial part  of him elf have been detached for  o long, he doe  not feel a  we do. Perhap , at the point of death, he might be aware of hi  lo  . . . but he wa  not aware, for in tance, that the diary had been de troyed until he forced the truth out of Luciu  Malfoy. When Voldemort di covered that the diary had been mutilated and robbed of all it  power , I am told that hi  anger wa  terrible to behold.” “But I thought he meant Luciu  Malfoy to  muggle it into Hogwart ?” “Ye , he did, year  ago, when he wa   ure he would be able to create more Horcruxe , but  till Luciu  wa   uppo ed to wait for Voldemort   ay o, and he never received it, for Voldemort vani hed  hortly after giving him the diary. No doubt he thought that Luciu  would not dare do anything with the Horcrux other than guard it carefully, but he wa  counting too much upon Luciu ’  fear of a ma ter who had been gone for year  and whom Luciu  believed dead. Of cour e, Luciu  did not know what the diary really wa . I under tand that Voldemort had told him the diary would cau e the Chamber of Secret  to reopen becau e it wa  cleverly enchanted. Had Luciu  known he held a portion of hi  ma ter   oul in hi  hand , he would undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence — but in tead he went ahead and carried out the old plan for hi  own end . By planting the diary upon Arthur Wea ley  daughter, he hoped to di credit Arthur and get rid of a highly incriminating magical object in one  troke. Ah, poor Luciu  . . . what with Voldemort  fury about the fact that he threw away the Horcrux for hi  own gain, and the fia co at the Mini try la t year, I would not be  urpri ed if he i  not  ecretly glad to be  afe in Azkaban at the moment.” Harry  at in thought for a moment, then a ked, “So if all of hi  Horcruxe  are de troyed, Voldemort couldbe killed?” “Ye , I think  o,”  aid Dumbledore. “Without hi  Horcruxe , Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maimed and dimini hed  oul. Never forget, though, that while hi   oul may be damaged beyond repair, hi  brain and hi  magical power  remain intact. It will take uncommon  kill and power to kill a wizard like Voldemort even without hi  Horcruxe .” “But I haven’t got uncommon  kill and power,”  aid Harry, before he could  top him elf. “Ye , you have,”  aid Dumbledore firmly. “You have a power that Voldemort ha  never had. You can —” “I know!”  aid Harry impatiently. “I can love!” It wa  only with difficulty that he  topped him elf adding, “Big deal!” “Ye , Harry, you can love,”  aid Dumbledore, who looked a  though he knew perfectly well what Harry had ju t refrained from  aying. “Which, given everything that ha  happened to you, i  a great and remarkable thing. You are  till too young to under tand how unu ual you are, Harry.” “So, when the prophecy  ay  that I’ll have ‘power the Dark Lord know  not,’ it ju t mean  — love?” a ked Harry, feeling a little let down. “Ye  — ju t love,”  aid Dumbledore. “But Harry, never forget that what the prophecy  ay  i  only  ignificant becau e Voldemort made it  o. I told you thi  at the end of la t year. Voldemort  ingled you out a  the per on who would be mo t dangerou  to him — and in doing  o, he made you the per on who would be mo t dangerou  to him!” “But it come  to the  ame —” “No, it doe n’t!”  aid Dumbledore,  ounding impatient now. Pointing at Harry with hi  black, withered hand, he  aid, “You are  etting too much  tore by the prophecy!” “But,”  pluttered Harry, “but you  aid the prophecy mean  —“ “If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would it have been fulfilled? Would it have meant anything? Of cour e not! Ho you think every prophecy in the Hall of Prophecy ha  been fulfilled?” “But,”  aid Harry, bewildered, “but la t year, you  aid one of u  would have to kill the other —” “Harry, Harry, only becau e Voldemort made a grave error, and acted on Profe or Trelawney’  word ! If Voldemort had never murdered your father, would he have imparted in you a furiou  de ire for revenge? Of cour e not! If he had not forced your mother to die for you, would he have given you a magical protection he could not penetrate? Of cour e not, Harry! Don’t you  ee? Voldemort him elf created hi  wor t enemy, ju t a  tyrant  everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrant  fear the people they oppre ? All of them realize that, one day, among t their many victim , there i   ure to be one who ri e  again t them and  trike  back! Voldemort i  no different! Alway  he wa  on the lookout for the one who would challenge him. He heard the prophecy and he leapt into action, with the re ult that he not only handpicked the man mo t likely to fini h him, he handed him uniquely deadly weapon !” “But —” “It i  e ential that you under tand thi !”  aid Dumbledore,  tanding up and  triding about the room, hi  glittering robe   woo hing in hi  wake; Harry had never  een him  o agitated. “By attempting to kill you, Voldemort him elf  ingled out the remarkable per on who  it  here in front of me, and gave him the tool  for the job! It i  Voldemort’  fault that you were able to  ee into hi  thought , hi  ambition , that you even under tand the  nakelike language in which he give  order , and yet, Harry, de pite your privileged in ight into Voldemort’  world (which, incidentally, i  a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been  educed by the Dark Art , never, even for a  econd,  hown the  lighte t de ire to become one of Voldemort’  follower !” “Of cour e I haven’t!”  aid Harry indignantly. “He killed my mum and dad!” “You are protected, in  hort, by your ability to love!”  aid Dumbledore loudly. “The only protection that can po ibly work again t the lure of power like Voldemort’ ! In  pite of all the temptation you have endured, all the  uffering, you remain pure of heart, ju t a  pure a  you were at the age of eleven, when you  tared into a mirror that reflected your heart’  de ire, and it  howed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riche . Harry, have you any idea how few wizard  could have  een what you  aw in that mirror? Voldemort  hould have known then what he wa  dealing with, but he did not! But he know  it now. You have flitted into Lord Voldemort’  mind without damage to your elf, but he cannot po e  you without enduring mortal agony, a  he di covered in the Mini try. I do not think he under tand  why, Harry, but then, he wa  in  uch a hurry to mutilate hi  own  oul, he never pau ed to under tand the incomparable power of a  oul that i  untarni hed and whole.” “But,  ir,”  aid Harry, making valiant effort  not to  ound argumentative, “it all come  to the  ame thing, doe n’t it? I’ve got to try and kill him, or —” “Got to?”  aid Dumbledore. “Of cour e you’ve got to! But not becau e of the prophecy! Becau e you, your elf, will never re t until you’ve tried! We both know it! Imagine, plea e, ju t for a moment, that you had never heard that prophecy! How would you feel about Voldemort now? Think!” Harry watched Dumbledore  triding up and down in front ol him, and thought. He thought of hi  mother, hi  father, and Sinu . He thought of Cedric Diggory. He thought of all the terrible deed  he knew Lord Voldemort had done. A flame  eemed to leap in ide hi  che t,  earing hi  throat. “I’d want him fini hed,”  aid Harry quietly. “And I’d want to do it.” “Of cour e you would!” cried Dumbledore. “You  ee, the prophecy doe  not mean you have to do anything! But the prophecy cau ed Lord Voldemort to mark you a  hi  equal. … In other word , you are free to choo e your way, quite free to turn your back on the prophecy! But Voldemort continue  to  et  tore by the prophecy. He will continue to hunt you . . . which make  it certain, really, that —” “That one of u  i  going to end up killing the other,”  aid Harry. “Ye .” But he under tood at la t what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It wa , he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhap , would  ay that there wa  little to choo e between the two way , but Dumbledore knew — and  o do I, thought Harry, with a ru h of fierce pride, and  o did my parent  — that there wa  all the difference in the world. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 24: Sectum empra Exhau ted but delighted with hi  night’  work, Harry told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened during next morning’  Charm  le on (having fir t ca t the Muffliato  pell upon tho e neare t them). They were both  ati fyingly impre ed by the way he had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and po itively awed when he told them about Voldemort’  Horcruxe  and Dumbledore’  promi e to take Harry along,  hould he find another one. “Wow,”  aid Ron, when Harry had finally fini hed telling them everything; Ron wa  waving hi  wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without paying the  lighte t bit of attention to what he wa  doing. “Wow. You’re actually going to go with Dumbledore . . . and try and de troy . . . wow.” “Ron, you’re making it  now,”  aid Hermione patiently, grabbing hi  wri t and redirecting hi  wand away from the ceiling from which,  ure enough, large white flake  had  tarted to fall. Lavender Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eye , and Hermione immediately let go of Ron  arm. “Oh yeah,”  aid Ron, looking down at hi   houlder  in vague  urpri e. “Sorry… look  like we’ve all got horrible dandruff now. …” He bru hed  ome of the fake  now off Hermione   houlder Lavender bur t into tear . Ron looked immen ely guilty and turned hi  back on her. “We  plit up,” he told Harry out of the corner of hi  mouth, “La t night. When  he  aw me coming out of the dormitory with Hermione. Obviou ly  he couldn’t  ee you,  o  he thought it had ju t been the two of u .” “Ah,”  aid Harry. “Well — you don’t mind it’  over, do you?”, “No,” Ron admitted. “It wa  pretty bad while  he wa  yelling, but at lea t I didn’t have to fini h it.” “Coward,”  aid Hermione, though  he looked amu ed. “Well, it wa  a bad night for romance all around. Ginny and Dean  plit up too, Harry.” Harry thought there wa  a rather knowing look in her eye a   he told him that, but  he could not po ibly know that hi  in ide  were  uddenly dancing the conga. Keeping hi  face a  immobile and hi  voice a  indifferent a  he could, he a ked, “How come?” “Oh,  omething really  illy . . . She  aid he wa  alway  trying to help her through the portrait hole, like  he couldn’t climb in her elf . . . but they’ve been a bit rocky for age .” Harry glanced over at Dean on the other  ide of the cla room. He certainly looked unhappy. “Of cour e, thi  put  you in a bit of a dilemma, doe n’t it?”  aid Hermione. “What d’you mean?”  aid Harry quickly. “The Quidditch team,”  aid Hermione. “If Ginnyand Dean aren’t  peaking . . .” “Oh — oh yeah,”  aid Harry. “Flitwick,”  aid Ron in a warning tone. The tiny little Charm  ma ter wa  bobbing hi  way toward them, and Hermione wa  the only one who had managed to turn vinegar into wine; her gla  fla k wa  full of deep crim on liquid, wherea  the content  of Harry’  and Ron’  were  till murky brown. “Now, now, boy ,”  queaked Profe or Flitwick reproachfully. “A little le  talk, a little more action . . . Let me  ee you try. . . .” Together they rai ed their wand , concentrating with all their might, and pointed them at their fla k . Harry’  vinegar turned to ice; Ron  fla k exploded. “Ye  … for homework,”  aid Profe or Flitwick, reemerging from under the table and pulling  hard  of gla  out of the top of hi  hat, “practice.” They had one of their rare joint free period  after Charm  and walked back to the common room together. Ron  eemed to be po itively lighthearted about the end of hi  relation hip with Lavender, and Hermione  eemed cheery too, though when a ked what  he wa  grinning about  he  imply  aid, “It’  a nice day.” Neither of them  eemed to have noticed that a fierce battle wa  raging in ide Harry’  brain: She’  Ron   i ter. But  he’  ditched Dean! She’   till Ron   i ter. I’m hi  be t mate! That’ll make it wor e. If I talked to him fir t — He’d hit you. What if I don’t care? He’  your be t mate! Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through the portrait hole into the  unny common room, and only vaguely regi tered the  mall group of  eventh year  clu tered together there, until Hermione cried, “Katie! You’re back! Are you okay?” Harry  tared: It wa  indeed Katie Bell, looking completely healthy and  urrounded by her jubilant friend . “I’m really well!”  he  aid happily. “They let me out of St. Mungo  on Monday, I had a couple of day  at home with Mum and Dad and then came back here thi  morning. Leanne wa  ju t telling me about McLaggen and the la t match, Harry. . . .” “Yeah,”  aid Harry, “well, now you’re back and Ron’  fit, we’ll have a decent chance of thra hing Ravenclaw, which mean  we could  till be in the running for the Cup. Li ten, Katie . . .” He had to put the que tion to her at once; hi  curio ity even drove Ginny temporarily from hi  brain. He dropped hi  voice a  Katie’  friend   tarted gathering up their thing ; apparently they were late for Tran figuration. “. . . that necklace . . . can you remember who gave it to you now?” “No,”  aid Katie,  haking her head ruefully. “Everyone’  been a king me, but I haven’t got a clue. The la t thing I remember wa  walking into the ladie ’ in the Three Broom tick .” “You definitely went into the bathroom, then?”  aid Hermione. “Well, I know I pu hed open the door,”  aid Katie, “ o I  uppo e whoever Imperiu ed me wa   tanding ju t behind it. After that, my memory’  a blank until about two week  ago in St. Mungo’ . Li ten, I’d better go, I wouldn’t put it pa t McGonagall to give me line  even if it i  my fir t day back. …” She caught up her bag and book  and hurried after her friend , leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to  it down at a window table and ponder what  he had told them. “So it mu t have been a girl or a woman who gave Katie the necklace,”  aid Hermione, “to be in the ladie ’ bathroom.” “Or  omeone who looked like a girl or a woman,”  aid Harry. “Don’t forget, there wa  a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hogwart . We know  ome of it got  tolen. . . .” In hi  mind’  eye, he watched a parade of Crabbe  and Goyle  prance pa t, all tran formed into girl . “I think I’m going to take another  wig of Felix,”  aid Harry, “and have a go at the Room of Requirement again.” “That would be a complete wa te of potion,”  aid Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of Spellman  Syllabary  he had ju t taken out of her bag. “Luck can only get you  o far, Harry. The  ituation with Slughorn wa  different; you alway  had the ability to per uade him, you ju t needed to tweak the circum tance  a bit. Luck i n’t enough to get you through a powerful enchantment, though. Don’t go wa ting the re t of that potion! You’ll need all the luck you can get if Dumbledore take  you along with him …” She dropped her voice to a whi per. “Couldn’t we make  ome more?” Ron a ked Harry, ignoring Hermione. “It’d be great to have a  tock of it. … Have a look in the book… “ Harry pulled hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking out of hi  bap, and looked up Felix Felici . “Blimey, it   eriou ly complicated,” he  aid, running an eye down the li t of ingredient . “And it take   ix month .,. You’ve got to let it  tew. …” “Typical,”  aid Ron. Harry wa  about to put hi  book away again when he noticed the corner of a page folded down; turning to it, he  aw the Sectum empra  pell, captioned “For Enemie ,” that he had marked a few week  previou ly. He had  till not found out what it did, mainly becau e he did not want to te t it around Hermione, but he wa  con idering trying it out on McLaggen next time he came up behind him unaware . The only per on who wa  not particularly plea ed to  ee Katie Bell back at  chool wa  Dean Thoma , becau e he would no longer be required to fill her place a  Cha er. He took the blow  toically enough when Harry told him, merely grunting and  hrugging, but Harry had the di tinct feeling a  he walked away that Dean and Seamu  were muttering mutinou ly behind hi  back. The following fortnight  aw the be t Quidditch practice  Harry had known a  Captain. Hi  team wa   o plea ed to be rid of McLaggen,  o glad to have Katie back at la t, that they were flying extremely well. Ginny did not  eem at all up et about the breakup with Dean; on the contrary,  he wa  the life and  oul of the team. Her imitation  of Ron anxiou ly bobbing up and down in front of the goal po t  a  the Quaffle  ped toward him, or of Harry bellowing order  at McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them all highly amu ed. Harry, laughing with the other , wa  glad to have an innocent rea on to look at Ginny; he had received  everal more Bludger injurie  during practice becau e he had not been keeping hi  eye  on the Snitch. The battle  till raged in ide hi  head: Ginny or Ron? Sometime  he thought that the po tLavender Ron might not mind too much if he a ked Ginny out, but then he remembered Ron’  expre ion when he had  een her ki ing Dean, and wa   ure that Ron would con ider it ba e treachery if Harry  o much a  held her hand. . . . Yet Harry could not help him elf talking to Ginny, laughing with her, walking back from practice with her; however much hi  con cience ached, he found him elf wondering how be t to get her on her own. It would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another of hi  little partie , for Ron would not be around — but unfortunately, Slughorn  eemed to have given them up. Once or twice Harry con idered a king for Hermione’  help, but he did not think he could  tand  eeing the  mug look on her face; he thought he caught it  ometime  when Hermione  potted him  taring at Ginny or laughing at her joke . And to complicate matter , he had the nagging worry that if he didn’t do it,  omebody el e wa   ure to a k Ginny out  oon: He and Ron were at lea t agreed on the fact that  he wa  too popular for her own good. All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felici  wa  becoming  tronger by the day, for  urely thi  wa  a ca e for, a  Hermione put it, “tweaking the circum tance ”? The balmy day   lid gently through May, and Ron  eemed to be there at Harry’   houlder every time he  aw Ginny. Harry found him elf longing for a  troke of luck that would  omehow cau e Ron to realize that nothing would make him happier than hi  be t friend and hi   i ter falling for each other and to leave them alone together for longer than a few  econd . There  eemed no chance of either while the final Quidditch game of the  ea on wa  looming; Ron wanted to talk tactic  with Harry all the time and had little thought for anything el e. Ron wa  not unique in thi  re pect; intere t in the GryffindorRavenclaw game wa  running extremely high throughout the  chool, for the match would decide the Champion hip, which wa   till wide open. If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred point  (a tall order, and yet Harry had never known hi  team to fly better) then they would win the Champion hip. If they won by le  than three hundred point , they would come  econd to Ravenclaw; if they lo t by a hundred point  they would be third behind Hufflepuff and if they lo t by more than a hundred, they would be in fourth place and nobody, Harry thought, would ever, ever let him forget that it had been he who had captained Gryffindor to their fir t bottomofthetable defeat in two centurie . The runup to thi  crucial match had all the u ual feature : member  of rival Hou e  attempting to intimidate oppo ing team  in the corridor ; unplea ant chant  about individual player  being rehear ed loudly a  they pa ed; the team member  them elve  either  waggering around enjoying all the attention or el e da hing into bathroom  between cla e  to throw up. Somehow, the game had become inextricably linked in Harry’  mind with  ucce  or failure in hi  plan  for Ginny. He could not help feeling that if they won by more than three hundred point , the  cene  of euphoria and a nice loud aftermatch party might be ju t a  good a  a hearty  wig of Felix Felici . In the mid t of all hi  preoccupation , Harry had not forgotten hi  other ambition: finding out what Malfoy wa  up to in the Room of Requirement. He wa   till checking the Marauder’  Map, and a  he wa  unable to locate Malfoy on it, deduced that Malfoy wa   till  pending plenty of time within the room. Although Harry wa  lo ing hope that he would ever  ucceed in getting in ide the Room of Requirement, he attempted it whenever he wa  in the vicinity, but no matter how he reworded hi  reque t, the wall remained firmly doorle . A few day  before the match again t Ravenclaw, Harry found him elf walking down to dinner alone from the common room, Ron having ru hed off into a nearby bathroom to throw up yet again, and Hermione having da hed off to  ee Profe or Vector about a mi take  he thought  he might have made in her la t Arithmancy e ay. More out of habit than anything, Harry made hi  u ual detour along the  eventhfloor corridor, checking the Marauder’  Map a  he went. For a moment he could not find Malfoy anywhere and a umed he mu t indeed be in ide the Room of Requirement again, but then he  aw Malfoy’  tiny, labeled dot  tanding in a boy ’ bathroom on the floor below, accompanied, not by Crabbe or Goyle, but by Moaning Myrtle. Harry only  topped  taring at thi  unlikely coupling when he walked right into a  uit of armor. The loud cra h brought him out of hi  reverie; hurrying from the  cene le t Filch turn up, he da hed down the marble  tairca e and along the pa ageway below. Out ide the bathroom, he pre ed hi  ear again t the door. He could not hear anything. He very quietly pu hed the door open. Draco Malfoy wa   tanding with hi  back to the door, hi  hand  clutching either  ide of the  ink, hi  whiteblond head bowed. “Don’t,” crooned Moaning Myrtle’  voice from one of the cubicle . “Don’t. . . tell me what’  wrong … I can help you. . . .” “No one can help me,”  aid Malfoy. Hi  whole body wa   haking. “I can’t do it. … I can’t. … It won’t work . . . and unle  1 do it  oon … he  ay  he’ll kill me. …” And Harry realized, with a  hock  o huge it  eemed to root him to the  pot, that Malfoy wa  crying — actually crying — tear   treaming down hi  pale face into the grimy ba in. Malfoy ga ped and gulped and then, with a great  hudder, looked up into flucracked mirror and  aw Harry  taring at him over hi   houlder. Malfoy wheeled around, drawing hi  wand. In tinctively, Harry pulled out hi  own. Malfoy’  hex mi ed Harry by inche ,  hattering the lamp on the wall be ide him; Harry threw him elf  ideway , thought Levicorpu ! and flicked hi  wand, but Malfoy blocked the jinx and rai ed hi  wand for another — “No! No! Stop it!”  quealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice echoing loudly around the tiled room. “Stop! STOP!” There wa  a loud bang and the bin behind Harry exploded; Harry attempted a LegLocker Cur e that backfired off the wall behind Malfoy’  ear and  ma hed the ci tern beneath Moaning Myrtle, who  creamed loudly; water poured everywhere and Harry  lipped a  Malfoy, hi  face contorted, cried, “Cruci —” “SECTUMSEMPRA!” bellowed Harry from the floor, waving hi  wand wildly. Blood  purted from Malfoy’  face and che t a  though he had been  la hed with an invi ible  word. He  taggered backward and collap ed onto the waterlogged floor with a great  pla h, hi  wand falling from hi  limp right hand. “No —” ga ped Harry. Slipping and  taggering, Harry got to hi  feet and plunged toward Malfoy, who e face wa  now  hining  carlet, hi  white hand   crabbling at hi  blood oaked che t. “No — I didn’t —” Harry did not know what he wa   aying; he fell to hi  knee  be ide Malfoy, who wa   haking uncontrollably in a pool of hi  own blood. Moaning Myrtle let out a deafening  cream: “MURDER! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM! MURDER!” The door banged open behind Harry and he looked up, terrified: Snape had bur t into the room, hi  face livid. Pu hing Harry roughly a ide, he knelt over Malfoy, drew hi  wand, and traced it over the deep wound  Harry’  cur e had made, muttering an incantation that  ounded almo t like  ong. The flow of blood  eemed to ea e; Snape wiped the re idue from Malfoy’  face and repeated hi   pell. Now the wound   eemed to be knitting. Harry wa   till watching, horrified by what he had done, barely aware that he too wa   oaked in blood and water. Moaning Myrtle wa   till  obbing and wailing overhead. When Snape had performed hi  countercur e for the third time, he halflifted Malfoy into a  tanding po ition. “You need the ho pital wing. There may be a certain amount of  carring, but if you take dittany immediately we might avoid even that.. . . Come….” He  upported Malfoy acro  the bathroom, turning at the door to  ay in a voice of cold fury, “And you, Potter . . . You wait here for me.” It did not occur to Harry for a  econd to di obey. He  tood up  lowly,  haking, and looked down at the wet floor. There were blood tain  floating like crim on flower  acro  it   urface. He could not even find it in him elf to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet, a   he continued to wail and  ob with increa ingly evident enjoyment. Snape returned ten minute  later. He  tepped into the bathroom and clo ed the door behind him. “Go,” he  aid to Myrtle, and  he  wooped back into her toilet at once, leaving a ringing  ilence behind her. “I didn’t mean it to happen,”  aid Harry at once. Hi  voice echoed in the cold, watery  pace. “I didn’t know what that  pell did.” But Snape ignored thi . “Apparently I undere timated you, Potter,” he  aid quietly. “Who would have thought you knew  uch Dark Magic? Who taught you that  pell?” “I — read about it  omewhere.” “Where?” “It wa  — a library book,” Harry invented wildly. “I can’t remember what it wa  call —” “Liar,”  aid Snape. Harry’  throat went dry. He knew what Snape wa  going to do and he had never been able to prevent it. … The bathroom  eemed to  himmer before hi  eye ; he  truggled to block out all thought, but try a  he might, the HalfBlood Prince’  copy of Advanced PotionMaking  wam hazily to the forefront of hi  mind. And then he wa   taring at Snape again, in the mid t of thi  wrecked,  oaked bathroom. He  tared into Snape’  black eye , hoping again t hope that Snape had not  een what he feared, but — “Bring me your  choolbag,”  aid Snape  oftly, “and all of your  choolbook . All of them. Bring them to me here. Now!” There wa  no point arguing. Harry turned at once and  pla hed out of the bathroom. Once in the corridor, he broke into a run toward Gryffindor Tower. Mo t people were walking the other way; they gaped at him, drenched in water and blood, but he an wered none of the que tion  fired at him a  he ran pa t. He felt  tunned; it wa  a  though a beloved pet had turned  uddenly  avage; what had the Prince been thinking to copy  uch a  pell into hi  book? And what would happen when Snape  aw it? Would he tell Slughorn — Harry’   tomach churned — how Harry had been achieving  uch good re ult  in Potion  all year? Would he confi cate or de troy the book that had taught Harry  o much . . . the book that had become a kind of guide and friend? Harry could not let it happen. . . . He could not. . . “Where’ve you — ? Why are you  oaking — ? I  that blood.” Ron wa   tanding at the top of the  tair , looking bewildered at , the  ight of Harry. “I need your book,” Harry panted. “Your Potion  book. Quick . . . give it to me . . .” “But what about the HalfBlood —” “I’ll explain later!” Ron pulled hi  copy of Advanced PotionMaking out of hi  bag and handed it over; Harry  printed off pa t him and back to the common room. Here, he  eized hi   choolbag, ignoring the amazed look  of  everal people who had already fini hed their dinner, threw him elf back out of the portrait hole, and hurtled off along the  eventhfloor corridor. He  kidded to a halt be ide the tape try of dancing troll , clo ed hi  eye , and began to walk. I need a place to hide my book. . . . I need a place to hide my book. . . . I need a place to hide my book. … Three time  he walked up and down in front of the  tretch of blank wall. When he opened hi  eye , there it wa  at la t: the door to the Room of Requirement. Harry wrenched it open, flung him  elf in ide, and  lammed it  hut. He ga ped. De pite hi  ha te, hi  panic, hi  fear of what awaited him back in the bathroom, he could not help but be overawed by what he wa  looking at. He wa   tanding in a room the  ize of a large cathedral, who e high window  were  ending  haft  of light down upon what looked like a city with towering wall , built of what Harry knew mu t be object  hidden by generation  of Hogwart  inhabitant . There were alleyway  and road  bordered by tetering pile  of broken and damaged furniture,  towed away, perhap , to hide the evidence of mi handled magic, or el e hidden by ca tleproud hou eelve . There were thou and  and thou and  of book , no doubt banned or graffitied or  tolen. There were winged catapult  and Fanged Fri bee ,  ome  till with enough life in them to hover halfheartedly over the mountain  of other forbidden item ; there were chipped bottle  of congealed potion , hat , jewel , cloak ; there were what looked like dragon egg hell , corked bottle  who e content   till  himmered evilly,  everal ru ting  word , and a heavy, blood tained axe. Harry hurried forward into one of the many alleyway  between all thi  hidden trea ure. He turned right pa t an enormou   tuffed troll, ran on a  hort way, took a left at the broken Vani hing Cabinet in which Montague had got lo t the previou  year, finally pau ing be ide a large cupboard that  eemed to have had acid thrown at it  bli tered  urface. He opened one of the cupboard’  creaking door : It had already been u ed a  a hiding place for  omething in a cage that had long  ince died; it   keleton had five leg . He  tuffed the HalfBlood Prince  book behind the cage and  lammed the door. He pau ed for a moment, hi  heart thumping horribly, gazing around at all the clutter. . . . Would he be able to find thi   pot again amid t all thi  junk? Seizing the chipped bu t of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate, he  tood it on top of the cupboard where the book wa  now hidden, perched a du ty old wig and a tarni hed tiara on the  tatue  head to make it more di tinctive, then  printed back through the alleyway  of hidden junk a  fa t a  he could go, back to the door, back out onto the corridor, where he  lammed the door behind him, and it turned at once back into  tone. Harry ran flatout toward the bathroom on the floor below, cramming Ron’  copy of Advanced PotionMaking into hi  bag a  he did  o. A minute later, he wa  back in front of Snape, who held out hi  hand wordle ly for Harry’   choolbag. Harry handed it over, panting, a  earing pain in hi  che t, and waited. One by one, Snape extracted Harry  book  and examined them., Finally, the only book left wa  the Potion  book, which he looked at very carefully before  peaking. “Thi  i  your copy of Advanced PotionMaking, i  it, Potter?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry,  till breathing hard. “You’re quite  ure of that, are you, Potter?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, with a touch more defiance. “Thi  i  the copy of Advanced PotionMaking that you purcha ed from Flouri h and Blott ?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry firmly. “Then why,” a ked Snape, “doe  it have the name ‘Roonil Wazlib’ written in ide the front cover?” Harry  heart mi ed a beat. “That’  my nickname,” he  aid. ‘ “Your nickname,” repeated Snape. ; “Yeah . . . that’  what my friend  call me,”  aid Harry. “I under tand what a nickname i ,”  aid Snape. The cold, black eye  were boring once more into Harry’ ; he tried not to look into them. Clo e your mind. . . . Clo e your mind. . . . But he had never learned how to do it properly. . . . “Do you know what I think, Potter?”  aid Snape, very quietly. “I think that you are a liar and a cheat and that you de erve detention with me every Saturday until the end of term. “What do you think, Potter?” “I — I don’t agree,  ir,”  aid Harry,  till refu ing to look into Snape’  eye . “Well, we  hall  ee how you feel after your detention ,”  aid Snape. “Ten o’clock Saturday morning, Potter. My office.” “But  ir . . .”  aid Harry, looking up de perately. “Quidditch . . . the la t match of the …” “Ten o’clock,” whi pered Snape, with a  mile that  howed hi  yellow teeth. “Poor Gryffindor. . . fourth place thi  year, I fear …” And he left the bathroom without another word, leaving Harry to  tare into the cracked mirror, feeling  icker, he wa   ure, than Ron had ever felt in hi  life. “I won’t  ay ‘I told you  o,’”  aid Hermione, an hour later in the common room. “Leave it, Hermione,”  aid Ron angrily. Harry had never made it to dinner; he had no appetite at all. He had ju t fini hed telling Ron, Hermione, and Ginny what had happened, not that there  eemed to have been much need. The new  had traveled very fa t: Apparently Moaning Myrtle had taken it upon her elf to pop up in every bathroom in the ca tle to tell the  tory; Malfoy had already been vi ited in the ho pital wing by Pan y Parkin on, who had lo t no time in vilifying Harry far and wide, and Snape had told the  taff preci ely what had happened. Harry had already been called out of the common room to endure fifteen highly unplea ant minute  in the company of Profe or McGonagall, who had told him he wa  lucky not to have been expelled and that  he  upported wholeheartedly Snape’  puni hment of detention every Saturday until the end of term. “I told you there wa   omething wrong with that Prince per on,” Hermione  aid, evidently unable to  top her elf. “And I wa  right, wa n’t I.” “No, I don’t think you were,”  aid Harry  tubbornly. He wa  having a bad enough time without Hermione lecturing him; the look  on the Gryffindor team’  face  when he had told them he would not be able to play on Saturday had been the wor t puni hment of all. He could feel Ginny’  eye  on him now but did not meet them; he did not want to  ee di appointment or anger there. He had ju t told her that  he would be playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoining the team a  Cha er in her place. Perhap , if they won, Ginny and Dean would make up during the po tmatch euphoria. . . . The thought went through Harry like an icy knife. . . . “Harry,”  aid Hermione, “how can you  till  tick up for that book when that  pell —” “Will you  top harping on about the book!”  napped Harry. “The Prince only copied it out! It’  not like he wa  advi ing anyone to u e it! For all we know, he wa  making a note of  omething that had been u ed again t him!” “I don’t believe thi ,”  aid Hermione. “You’re actually defending— “I’m not defending what I did!”  aid Harry quickly. “I wi h 1 ; hadn’t done it, and not ju t becau e I’ve got about a dozen detention . You know I wouldn’t've u ed a  pell like that, not even on Malfoy, but you can’t blame the Prince, he hadn’t written ‘try thi  out, it’  really good’ — he wa  ju t making note  for him elf, wa n’t he, not for anyone el e. . . .” “Are you telling me,”  aid Hermione, “that you’re going to go back — ?” “And get the book? Yeah, I am,”  aid Harry forcefully. “Li ten, without the Prince I’d never have won the Felix Felici . I’d never have known how to  ave Ron from poi oning, I’d never have —” “— got a reputation for Potion  brilliance you don’t de erve,”  aid Hermione na tily. “Give it a re t, Hermione!”  aid Ginny, and Harry wa   o amazed,  o grateful, he looked up. “By the  ound of it, Malfoy wa  trying to u e an Unforgivable Cur e, you  hould be glad Harry had  omething good up hi   leeve!” “Well, of cour e I’m glad Harry wa n’t cur ed!”  aid Hermione, clearly  tung. “But you can’t call that Sectum empra  pell good, Ginny, look where it’  landed him! And I’d have thought,  eeing what thi  ha  done to your chance  in the match —” “Oh, don’t  tart acting a  though you under tand Quidditch,”  napped Ginny, “you’ll only embarra  your elf.” Harry and Ron  tared: Hermione and Ginny, who had alway  got on together very well, were now  itting with their arm  folded, glaring in oppo ite direction . Ron looked nervou ly at Harry, then  natched up a book at random and hid behind it. Harry, however, little though he knew he de erved it, felt unbelievably cheerful all of a  udden, even though none of them  poke again for the re t of the evening. Hi  lightheartedne  wa   hortlived. There were Slytherin taunt  to be endured next day, not to mention much anger from fellow Gryffindor , who were mo t unhappy that their Captain had got him elf banned from the final match of the  ea on. By Saturday morning, whatever he might have told Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the Felix Felici  in the world to be walking down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the other . It wa  almo t unbearable to turn away from the ma  of  tudent   treaming out into the  un hine, all of them wearing ro ette  and hat  and brandi hing banner  and  carve , to de cend the  tone  tep  into the dungeon  and walk until the di tant  ound  of the crowd were quite obliterated, knowing that he would not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer or groan. “Ah, Potter,”  aid Snape, when Harry had knocked on hi  door and entered the unplea antly familiar office that Snape, de pite teaching floor  above now, had not vacated; it wa  a  dimly lit a  ever and the  ame  limy dead object  were  u pended in colored potion  all around the wall . Ominou ly, there were many cobwebbed boxe  piled on a table where Harry wa  clearly  uppo ed to  it; they had an aura of tediou , hard, and pointle  work about them. “Mr. Filch ha  been looking for  omeone to clear out the e old file ,”  aid Snape  oftly. “They are the record  of other Hogwart  wrongdoer  and their puni hment . Where the ink ha  grown faint, or the card  have  uffered damage from mice, we would like you to copy out the crime  and puni hment  afre h and, making  ure that they are in alphabetical order, replace them in the boxe . You will not u e magic.” “Right, Profe or,”  aid Harry, with a  much contempt a  he could put into the la t three  yllable . “I thought you could  tart,”  aid Snape, a maliciou   mile on hi  lip , “with boxe  one thou and and twelve to one thou and and fifty ix. You will find  ome familiar name  in there, which  hould add intere t to the ta k. Here, you  ee . . .” He pulled out a card from one of the topmo t boxe  with a flouri h and read, “Jame  Potter and Siriu  Black. Apprehended u ing an illegal hex upon Bertram Aubrey. Aubrey  head twice normal  ize. Double detention.” Snape  neered. “It mu t be  uch a comforting thing that, though they are gone, a record of their great achievement  remain .” Harry felt the familiar boiling  en ation in the pit of hi   tomach. Biting hi  tongue to prevent him elf retaliating, he  at down in front of the boxe  and pulled one toward him. It wa , a  Harry had anticipated, u ele , boring work, punctuated (a  Snape had clearly planned) with the regular jolt in the  tomach that meant he had ju t read hi  father or Siriu ’  name , u ually coupled together in variou  petty mi deed , occa ionally accompanied by tho e of Remu  Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. And while he copied out all their variou  offen e  and puni hment , he wondered what wa  going on out ide, where the match would have ju t  tarted . . . Ginny playing Seeker again t Cho . . . Harry glanced again and again at the large clock ticking on the wall. It  eemed to be moving half a  fa t a  a regular clock; perhap  Snape had bewitched it to go extra  lowly? He could not have been here for only half an hour … an hour … an hour and a half. . . . Harry’   tomach  tarted rumbling when the clock  howed half pa t twelve. Snape, who had not  poken at all  ince  etting Harry hi  ta k, finally looked up at ten pa t one. “I think that will do,” he  aid coldly. “Mark the place you have reached. You will continue at ten o’clock next Saturday.” Ye ,  ir. Harry  tuffed a bent card into the box at random and hurried out of the door before Snape could change hi  mind, racing back up the  tone  tep ,  training hi  ear  to hear a  ound from the pitch, but all wa  quiet. … It wa  over, then. . . . He he itated out ide the crowded Great Hall, then ran up the marble  tairca e; whether Gryffindor had won or lo t, the team u ually celebrated or commi erated in their own common room. “Quid agi ?” he  aid tentatively to the Fat Lady, wondering what he would find in ide. Her expre ion wa  unreadable a   he replied, “You’ll  ee.” And  he  wung forward. A roar of celebration erupted from the hole behind her. Harry gaped a  people began to  cream at the  ight of him;  everal hand  pulled him into the room. “We won!” yelled Ron, bounding into  ight and brandi hing the  ilver Cup at Harry. “We won! Four hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty! We won!” Harry looked around; there wa  Ginny running toward him;  he had a hard, blazing look in her face a   he threw her arm  around him. And without thinking, without planning it, without worrying about the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry ki ed her. After  everal long moment  — or it might have been half an hour — or po ibly  everal  unlit day  — they broke apart. The room had gone very quiet. Then  everal people wolfwhi tled and there wa  an outbreak of nervou  giggling. Harry looked over the top of Ginny’  head to  ee Dean Thoma  holding a  hattered gla  in hi  hand, and Romilda Vane looking a  though  he might throw  omething. Hermione wa  beaming, but Harry’  eye   ought Ron. At la t he found him,  till clutching the Cup and wearing an expre ion appropriate to having been clubbed over the head. For a fraction of a  econd they looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry under tood to mean, Well—if you mu t. The creature in hi  che t roaring in triumph, he grinned down at Ginny and ge tured wordle ly out of the portrait hole. A long walk in the ground   eemed indicated, during which — if they had time — they might di cu  the match. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 25: The Seer Overheard The fact that Harry Potter wa  going out with Ginny Wea ley  eemed to intere t a great number of people, mo t of them girl , yet Harry found him elf newly and happily imperviou  to go ip over the next few week . After all, it made a very nice change to be talked about becau e of  omething that wa  making him happier than he could remember being for a very long time, rather than becau e he had been involved in horrific  cene  of Dark magic. ‘You’d think people had better thing  to go ip about,’  aid Ginny, a   he  at on the commonroom floor, leaning again t Harry’  leg  and reading the Daily Prophet. Three Dementor attack  in a week, and all Romilda Vane doe  i  a k me if it’  true you’ve got a Hippogriff tattooed acro  your che t.’ Ron and Hermione both roared with laughter. Harry ignored them. ‘What did you tell her?’ ‘ ? told her it’  a Hungarian Horntail,’  aid Ginny, turning a page of the new paper idly. ‘Much more macho.’ Thank ,’  aid Harry, grinning. ‘And what did you tell her Ron’  got?’ ‘A Pygmy Puff, but I didn’t  ay where.’ Ron  cowled a  Hermione rolled around laughing. ‘Watch it,’ he  aid, pointing wamingly at Harry and Ginny. ‘Ju t becau e I’ve given my permi ion doe n’t mean I can’t withdraw it -’ “Tour permi ion”,’  coffed Ginny. ‘Since when did you give me permi ion to do anything? Anyway, you  aid your elf you’d rather it wa  Harry than Michael or Dean.’ ‘Yeah, 1 would,’  aid Ron grudgingly. ‘And ju t a  long a  you don’t  tart  nogging each other in public -’ ‘You filthy hypocrite! What about you and Lavender, thra hing around like a pair of eel  all over the place?’ demanded Ginny. But Ron’  tolerance wa  not to be te ted much a  they moved into June, for Harry and Ginny’  time together wa  becoming increa ingly re tricted. Ginny’  O.W.L.  were approaching and  he wa  therefore forced to revi e for hour  into the night. On one  uch evening, when Ginny had retired to the library and Harry wa   itting be ide the window in the common room,  uppo edly fini hing hi  Herbology homework but in reality reliving a particularly happy hour he had  pent down by the lake with Ginny at lunchtime, Hermione dropped into the  eat between him and Ron with an unplea antly purpo eful look on her face. ‘I want to talk to you, Harry.’ ‘What about?’  aid Harry  u piciou ly. Only the previou  day, Hermione had told him off for di tracting Ginny when  he ought to be working hard for her examination . The  ocalled HalfBlood Prince.’ ‘Oh, not again,’ he groaned. ‘Will you plea e drop it?’ He had not dared to return to the Room of Requirement to retrieve hi  book, and hi  performance in Potion  wa   uffering accordingly (though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had jocularly attributed thi  to Harry being love ick). But Harry wa   ure that Snape had not yet given up hope of laying hand  on the Prince’  book, and wa  determined to leave it where it wa  while Snape remained on the lookout. ‘I’m not dropping it,’  aid Hermione firmly, ‘until you’ve heard me out. Now, I’ve been trying to find out a bit about who might make a hobby of inventing Dark  pell  -’ ‘He didn’t make a hobby of it -’ ‘He, he - who  ay  it’  a he?’ ‘We’ve been through thi ,’  aid Harry cro ly. ‘Prince, Hermione, Prince!’ ‘Right!’  aid Hermione, red patche  blazing in her cheek  a   he pulled a very old piece of new print out of her pocket and  lammed it down on the table in front of Harry. ‘Look at that! Look at the picture!’ Harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and  tared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age; Ron leaned over for a look, too. The picture  howed a  kinny girl of around fifteen. She wa  not pretty;  he looked  imultaneou ly cro  and  ullen, with heavy brow  and a long, pallid face. Underneath the photograph wa  the caption: Eileen Prince, Captain of the Hogwart  Gob tone  Team. ‘So?’  aid Harry,  canning the  hort new  item to which the picture belonged; it wa  a rather dull  tory about inter chool competition . ‘Her name wa  Eileen Prince. Prince, Harry.’ They looked at each other and Harry reali ed what Hermione wa  trying to  ay. He bur t out laughing. ‘No way.’ ‘What?’ ‘You think  he wa  the HalfBlood …? Oh, come on.’ ‘Well, why not? Harry, there aren’t any real prince  in the wizarding world! It’  either a nickname, a madeup title  omebody’  given them elve , or it could be their actual name, couldn’t it? No, li ten! If,  ay, her father wa  a wizard who e  urname wa  “Prince”, and her mother wa  a Muggle, then that would make her a “halfblood Prince”!’ ‘Yeah, very ingeniou , Hermione …’ ‘But it would! Maybe  he wa  proud of being half a Prince!’ ‘Li ten, Hermione, I can tell it’  not a girl. I can ju t tell.’ The truth i  that you don’t think a girl would have been clever enough,’  aid Hermione angrily. ‘How can I have hung round with you for five year  and not think girl  are clever?’  aid Harry,  tung by thi . ‘It’  the way he write . I ju t know the Prince wa  a bloke, I can tell. Thi  girl ha n’t got anything to do with it. Where did you get thi , anyway?’ ‘The library,’  aid Hermione, predictably. There’  a whole collection of old Prophet  up there. Well, I’m going to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can.’ ‘Enjoy your elf,’  aid Harry irritably. ‘I will,’  aid Hermione. ‘And the fir t place I’ll look,’  he  hot at him, a   he reached the portrait hole, ‘i  record  of old Potion  award !’ Harry  cowled after her for a moment, then continued hi  contemplation of the darkening  ky. ‘She’  ju t never got over you outperforming her in Potion ,’  aid Ron, returning to hi  copy of One Thou and Magical Herb  and Fungi. ‘You don’t think I’m mad, wanting that book back, do you?’ ‘Cour e not,’  aid Ron robu tly. ‘He wa  a geniu , the Prince. Anyway … without hi  bezoar tip …’ he drew hi  finger  ignificantly acro  hi  own throat, ‘I wouldn’t be here to di cu  it, would I? I mean, I’m not  aying that  pell you u ed on Malfoy wa  great -’ ‘Nor am I,’  aid Harry quickly. ‘But he healed all right, didn’t he? Back on hi  feet in no time.’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Harry; thi  wa  perfectly true, although hi  con cience  quirmed  lightly all the  ame. Thank  to Snape …’ ‘You  till got detention with Snape thi  Saturday?’ Ron continued. ‘Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday after that,’  ighed Harry. ‘And he’  hinting now that if I don’t get all the boxe  done by the end of term, we’ll carry on next year.’ He wa  finding the e detention  particularly irk ome becau e they cut into the already limited time he could have been  pending with Ginny. Indeed, he had frequently wondered lately whether Snape did not know thi , for he wa  keeping Harry later and later every time, while making pointed a ide  about Harry having to mi  the good weather and the varied opportunitie  it offered. Harry wa   haken from the e bitter reflection  by the appearance at hi   ide of Jimmy Peake , who wa  holding out a  croll of parchment. ‘Thank , Jimmy … hey, it’  from Dumbledore!’  aid Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and  canning it. ‘He want  me to go to hi  office a  quick a  1 can!’ They  tared at each other. ‘Blimey,’ whi pered Ron. ‘You don’t reckon … he ha n’t found …?’ ‘Better go and  ee, hadn’t I?’  aid Harry, jumping to hi  feet. He hurried out of the common room and along the  eventh floor a  fa t a  he could, pa ing nobody but Peeve , who  wooped pa t in the oppo ite direction, throwing bit  of chalk at Harry in a routine  ort of way and cackling loudly a  he dodged Harry’  defen ive jinx. Once Peeve  had vani hed, there wa   ilence in the corridor ; with only fifteen minute  left until curfew, mo t people had already returned to their common room . And then Harry heard a  cream and a cra h. He  topped in hi  track , li tening. ‘How - dare - you - aaaaargh!’ The noi e wa  coming from a corridor nearby; Harry  printed toward  it, hi  wand at the ready, hurtled round another corner and  aw Profe or Trelawney  prawled upon the floor, her head covered in one of her many  hawl ,  everal  herry bottle  lying be ide her, one broken. ‘Profe or -’ Harry hurried forward  and helped Profe or Trelawney to her feet. Some of her glittering bead  had become entangled with her gla e . She hiccoughed loudly, patted her hair and pulled her elf up on Harry’  helping arm. ‘What happened, Profe or?’ ‘You may well a k!’  he  aid  hrilly. ‘I wa   trolling along, brooding upon certain Dark portent  1 happen to have glimp ed …’ But Harry wa  not paying much attention. He had ju t noticed where they were  tanding: there on the right wa  the tape try of dancing troll  and, on the left, that  moothly impenetrable  tretch of  tone wall that concealed - ‘Profe or, were you trying to get into the Room of Requirement?’ ‘… omen  I have been vouch afed - what?’ She looked  uddenly  hifty. The Room of Requirement,’ repeated Harry. ‘Were you trying to get in there?’ ‘I - well - I didn’t know  tudent  knew about -’ ‘Not all of them do,’  aid Harry. ‘But what happened? You  creamed … it  ounded a  though you were hurt…’ ‘I - well,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, drawing her  hawl  around her defen ively and  taring down at him with her va tly magnified eye . ‘I wi hed to - ah - depo it certain – um - per onal item  in the Room …’ And  he muttered  omething about ‘na ty accu ation ’. ‘Right,’  aid Harry, glancing down at the  herry bottle . ‘But you couldn’t get in and hide them?’ He found thi  very odd; the Room had opened for him, after all, when he had wanted to hide the HalfBlood Prince’  book. ‘Oh, I got in all right,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, glaring at the wall. ‘But there wa   omebody already in there.’ ‘Somebody in -? Who?’ demanded Harry. ‘Who wa  in there?’ ‘ ? have no idea,’  aid Profe or Trelawney, looking  lightly taken aback at the urgency in Harry’  voice. ‘I walked into the Room and I heard a voice, which ha  never happened before in all my year  of hiding - of u ing the Room, I mean.’ ‘A voice? Saying what?’ ‘I don’t know that it wa   aying anything,’  aid Profe or Trelawney. ‘It wa  … whooping.’ ‘Whooping?’ ‘Gleefully,’  he  aid, nodding. Harry  tared at her. ‘Wa  it male or female?’ ‘ ? would hazard a gue  at male,’  aid Profe or Trelawney. ‘And it  ounded happy?’ ‘Very happy,’  aid Profe or Trelawney  niffily. ‘A  though it wa  celebrating?’ ‘Mo t definitely.’ ‘And then -?’ ‘And then I called out, “Who’  there?”‘ ‘You couldn’t have found out who it wa  without a king?’ Harry a ked her,  lightly fru trated. ‘The Inner Eye,’  aid Profe or Trelawney with dignity,  traightening her  hawl  and many  trand  of glittering bead , ‘wa  fixed upon matter  well out ide the mundane realm  of whooping voice .’ ‘Right,’  aid Harry ha tily; he had heard about Profe or Trelawney’  Inner Eye all too often before. ‘And did the voice  ay who wa  there?’ ‘No, it did not,’  he  aid. ‘Everything went pitch black and the next thing I knew, I wa  being hurled headfir t out of the Room!’ ‘And you didn’t  ee that coming?’  aid Harry, unable to help him elf. ‘No, I did not, a  I  ay, it wa  pitch -’ She  topped and glared at him  u piciou ly. ‘I think you’d better tell Profe or Dumbledore,’  aid Harry. ‘He ought to know Malfoy’  celebrating - I mean, that  omeone threw you out of the Room.’ To hi   urpri e, Profe or Trelawney drew her elf up at thi   ugge tion, looking haughty. The Headma ter ha  intimated that he would prefer fewer vi it  from me,’  he  aid coldly. I am not one to pre  my company upon tho e who do not value it. If Dumbledore choo e  to ignore the warning  the card   how -’ Her bony hand clo ed  uddenly around Harry’  wri t. ‘Again and again, no matter how I lay them out -’ And  he pulled a card dramatically from underneath her  hawl . ‘- the lightning truck tower,’  he whi pered. ‘Calamity. Di a ter. Coming nearer all the time …’ ‘Right,’  aid Harry again. ‘Well … I  till think you  hould tell Dumbledore about thi  voice and everything going dark and being thrown out of the Room …’ ‘You think  o?’ Profe or Trelawney  eemed to con ider the matter for a moment, but Harry could tell that  he liked the idea of retelling her little adventure. ‘I’m going to  ee him right now,’  aid Harry. ‘I’ve got a meeting with him. We could go together.’ ‘Oh, well, in that ca e,’  aid Profe or Trelawney with a  mile. She bent down,  cooped up her  herry bottle  and dumped them unceremoniou ly in a large blue and white va e  tanding in a nearby niche. ‘I mi  having you in my cla e , Harry,’  he  aid  oulfully, a  they  et off together. ‘You were never much of a Seer … but you were a wonderful Object…’ Harry did not reply; he had loathed being the Object of Profe or Trelawney’  continual prediction  of doom. ‘I am afraid,’  he went on, ‘that the nag - I’m  orry, the centaur - know  nothing of cartomancy. I a ked him - one Seer to another - had he not, too,  en ed the di tant vibration  of coming cata trophe? But he  eemed to find me almo t comical. Ye , comical!’ Her voice ro e rather hy terically and Harry caught a powerful whiff of  herry even though the bottle  had been left behind. ‘Perhap  the hor e ha  heard people  ay that I have not inherited my greatgreatgrandmother’  gift. Tho e rumour  have been bandied about by the jealou  for year . You know what I  ay to  uch people, Harry? Would Dumbledore have let me teach at thi  great  chool, put  o much tru t in me all the e year , had I not proved my elf to him?’ Harry mumbled  omething indi tinct. ‘I well remember my fir t interview with Dumbledore,’ went on Profe or Trelawney, in throaty tone . ‘He wa  deeply impre ed, of cour e, deeply impre ed … I wa   taying at the Hog’  Head, which I do not advi e, incidentally - bed bug , dear boy - but fund  were low. Dumbledore did me the courte y of calling upon me in my room at the inn. He que tioned me … I mu t confe  that, at fir t, I thought he  eemed illdi po ed toward  Divination … and I remember I wa   tarting to feel a little odd, I had not eaten much that day … but then …’ And now Harry wa  paying attention properly for the fir t time, for he knew what had happened then: Profe or Trelawney had made the prophecy that had altered the cour e of hi  whole life, the prophecy about him and Voldemort. ‘… but then we were rudely interrupted by Severu  Snape!’ ‘What?’ ‘Ye , there wa  a commotion out ide the door and it flew open, and there wa  that rather uncouth barman  tanding with Snape, who wa  waffling about having come the wrong way up the  tair , although I’m afraid that I my elf rather thought he had been apprehended eave dropping on my interview with Dumbledore - you  ee, he him elf wa   eeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tip ! Well, after that, you know, Dumbledore  eemed much more di po ed to give me a job, and I could not help thinking, Harry, that it wa  becau e he appreciated the  tark contra t between my own una uming manner  and quiet talent, compared to the pu hing, thru ting young man who wa  prepared to li ten at keyhole  - Harry, dear?’ She looked back over her  houlder, having only ju t reali ed that Harry wa  no longer with her; he had  topped walking and they were now ten feet from each other. ‘Harry?’  he repeated uncertainly. Perhap  hi  face wa  white, to make her look  o concerned and frightened. Harry wa   tanding  tock till a  wave  of  hock cra hed over him, wave after wave, obliterating everything except the information that had been kept from him for  o long … It wa  Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It wa  Snape who had carried the new  of the prophecy to Voldemort. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had  ent Voldemort hunting after Lily and Jame  and their  on … Nothing el e mattered to Harry ju t now. ‘Harry?’  aid Profe or Trelawney again. ‘Harry - I thought we were going to  ee the Headma ter together?’ ‘You  tay here,’  aid Harry through numb lip . ‘But, dear … I wa  going to tell him how I wa  a aulted in the Room of-’ ‘You  tay here!’ Harry repeated angrily. She looked alarmed a  he ran pa t her, round the corner into Dumbledore’  corridor, where the lone gargoyle  tood  entry. Harry  houted the pa word at the gargoyle and ran up the moving  piral  tairca e three  tep  at a time. He did not knock upon Dumbledore’  door, he hammered; and the calm voice an wered ‘Enter’ after Harry had already flung him elf into the room. Fawke  the phoenix looked round, hi  bright black eye  gleaming with reflected gold from the  un et beyond the window. Dumbledore wa   tanding at the window looking out at the ground , a long, black travelling cloak in hi  arm . ‘Well, Harry, I promi ed that you could come with me.’ For a moment or two, Harry did not under tand; the conver ation with Trelawney had driven everything el e out of hi  head and hi  brain  eemed to be moving very  lowly. ‘Come … with you … ?’ ‘Only if you wi h it, of cour e.’ ‘If I…’ And then Harry remembered why he had been eager to come to Dumbledore’  office in the fir t place. ‘You’ve found one? You’ve found a Horcrux?’ ‘I believe  o.’ Rage and re entment fought  hock and excitement: for  everal moment , Harry could not  peak. ‘It i  natural to be afraid,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘I’m not  cared!’  aid Harry at once, and it wa  perfectly true; fear wa  one emotion he wa  not feeling at all. ‘Which Horcrux i  it? Where i  it?’ ‘I am not  ure which it i  - though I think we can rule out the  nake - but I believe it to be hidden in a cave on the coa t many mile  from here, a cave I have been trying to locate for a very long time: the cave in which Tom Riddle once terrori ed two children from hi  orphanage on their annual trip; you remember?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry. ‘How i  it protected?’ ‘I do not know; I have  u picion  that may be entirely wrong.’ Dumbledore he itated, then  aid, ‘Harry, I promi ed you that you could come with me, and I  tand by that promi e, but it would be very wrong of me not to warn you that thi  will be exceedingly dangerou .’ ‘I’m coming,’  aid Harry, almo t before Dumbledore had fini hed  peaking. Boiling with anger at Snape, hi  de ire to do  omething de perate and ri ky had increa ed tenfold in the la t few minute . Thi   eemed to  how on Harry’  face, for Dumbledore moved away from the window, and looked more clo ely at Harry, a  light crea e between hi   ilver eyebrow . ‘What ha  happened to you?’ ‘Nothing,’ lied Harry promptly. ‘What ha  up et you?’ ‘I’m not up et.’ ‘Harry, you were never a good Occlumen  -’ The word wa  the  park that ignited Harry’  fury. ‘Snape!’ he  aid, very loudly, and Fawke  gave a  oft  quawk behind them. ‘Snape’  what’  happened! He told Voldemort about the prophecy, it wa  him, he li tened out ide the door, Trelawney told me!’ Dumbledore’  expre ion did not change, but Harry thought hi  face whitened under the bloody tinge ca t by the  etting  un. For a long moment, Dumbledore  aid nothing. ‘When did you find out about thi ?’ he a ked at la t. ‘Ju t now!’  aid Many, who wa  refraining from yelling with enormou  difficulty. And then,  uddenly, he could not  top him elf. ‘AND YOU LET HIM TEACH HERE AND HE TOLD VOLDEMORT TO GO AFTER MY MUM AND DAD!’ Breathing hard a  though he were fighting, Harry turned away from Dumbledore, who  till had not moved a mu cle, and paced up and down the  tudy, rubbing hi  knuckle  in hi  hand and exerci ing every la t bit of re traint to prevent him elf knocking thing  over. He wanted to rage and  torm at Dumbledore, but he al o wanted to go with him to try and de troy the Horcrux; he wanted to tell him that he wa  a fooli h old man for tru ting Snape, but he wa  terrified that Dumbledore would not take him along unle  he ma tered hi  anger … ‘Harry,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘Plea e li ten to me.’ It wa  a  difficult to  top hi  relentle  pacing a  to refrain from  houting. Harry pau ed, biting hi  lip, and looked into Dumbledore’  lined face. ‘Profe or Snape made a terrible -’ ‘Don’t tell me it wa  a mi take,  ir, he wa  li tening at the door!’ ‘Plea e let me fini h.’ Dumbledore waited until Harry had nodded curtly, then went on. ‘Profe or Snape made a terrible mi take. He wa   till in Lord Voldemort’  employ on the night he heard the fir t half of Profe or Trelawney’  prophecy. Naturally, he ha tened to tell hi  ma ter what he had heard, for it concerned hi  ma ter mo t deeply. But he did not know - he had no po ible way of knowing - which boy Voldemort would hunt from then onward , or that the parent  he would de troy in hi  murderou  que t were people that Profe or Snape knew, that they were your mother and father -’ Harry let out a yell of mirthle  laughter. ‘He hated my dad like he hated Siriu ! Haven’t you noticed, Profe or, how the people Snape hate  tend to end up dead?’ ‘You have no idea of the remor e Profe or Snape felt when he reali ed how Lord Voldemort had interpreted the prophecy, Harry. I believe it to be the greate t regret of hi  life and the rea on that he returned -’ ‘But he’  a very good Occlumen , i n’t he,  ir?’  aid Harry, who e voice wa   haking with the effort of keeping it  teady. ‘And i n’t Voldemort convinced that Snape’  on hi   ide, even now? Profe or … how can you be  ure Snape’  on our  ide?’ Dumbledore did not  peak for a moment; he looked a  though he wa  trying to make up hi  mind about  omething. At la t he  aid, ‘I am  ure. I tru t Severu  Snape completely.’ Harry breathed deeply for a few moment  in an effort to  teady him elf. It did not work. ‘Well, I don’t!’ he  aid, a  loudly a  before. ‘He’  up to  omething with Draco Malfoy right now, right under your no e, and you  till -’ ‘We have di cu ed thi , Harry,’  aid Dumbledore, and now he  ounded  tern again. ‘I have told you my view .’ ‘You’re leaving the  chool tonight and I’ll bet you haven’t even con idered that Snape and Malfoy might decide to -’ To what?’ a ked Dumbledore, hi  eyebrow  rai ed. ‘What i  it that you  u pect them of doing, preci ely?’ ‘I … they’re up to  omething!’  aid Harry and hi  hand  curled into fi t  a  he  aid it. ‘Profe or Trelawney wa  ju t in the Room of Requirement, trying to hide her  herry bottle , and  he heard Malfoy whooping, celebrating! He’  trying to mend  omething dangerou  in there and if you a k me he’  fixed it at la t and you’re about to ju t walk out of  chool * without -’ ‘Enough,’  aid Dumbledore. He  aid it quite calmly, and yet Harry fell  ilent at once; he knew that he had finally cro ed  ome invi ible line. ‘Do you think that I have once left the  chool unprotected during my ab ence  thi  year? I have not. Tonight, when I leave, there will again be additional protection in place. Plea e do not  ugge t that I do not take the  afety of my  tudent   eriou ly, Harry.’ ‘I didn’t -’ mumbled Harry, a little aba hed, but Dumbledore cut acro  him. ‘ ? do not wi h to di cu  the matter any further.’ Harry bit back hi  retort,  cared that he had gone too far, that he had ruined hi  chance of accompanying Dumbledore, but Dumbledore went on, ‘Do you wi h to come with me tonight?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry at once. ‘Very well, then: li ten.’ Dumbledore drew him elf up to hi  full height. ‘I take you with me on one condition: that you obey any command I might give you at once, and without que tion.’ ‘Of cour e.’ ‘Be  ure to under tand me, Harry. I mean that you mu t follow even  uch order  a  “run”, “hide” or “go back”. Do I have your word?’ ‘I - ye , of cour e.’ ‘If 1 tell you to hide, you will do  o?’ ‘Ye .’ ‘If I tell you to flee, you will obey?’ ‘Ye .’ ‘If I tell you to leave me, and  ave your elf, you will do a  I tell you?’ ‘I -’ ‘Harry?’ They looked at each other for a moment. ‘Ye ,  ir.’ ‘Very good. Then I wi h you to go and fetch your Cloak and meet me in the Entrance Hall in five minute ’ time.’ Dumbledore turned back to look out of the fiery window; the  un wa  now a rubyred glare along the horizon. Harry walked quickly from the office and down the  piral  tairca e. Hi  mind wa  oddly clear all of a  udden. He knew what to do. Ron and Hermione were  itting together in the common room when he came back. ‘What doe  Dumbledore want?’ Hermione  aid at once. ‘Harry, are you OK?’  he added anxiou ly. ‘I’m fine,’  aid Harry  hortly, racing pa t them. He da hed up the  tair  and into hi  dormitory, where he flung open hi  trunk and pulled out the Marauder’  Map and a pair of balledup  ock . Then he  ped back down the  tair  and into the common room,  kidding to a halt where Ron and Hermione  at, looking  tunned. ‘I haven’t got much time,’ Harry panted, ‘Dumbledore think  I’m getting my Invi ibility Cloak. Li ten …’ Quickly he told them where he wa  going, and why. He did not pau e either for Hermione’  ga p  of horror or for Ron’  ha ty que tion ; they could work out the finer detail  for them elve  later. ‘…  o you  ee what thi  mean ?’ Harry fini hed at a gallop. ‘Dumbledore won’t be here tonight,  o Malfoy’  going to have another clear  hot at whatever he’  up to. No, li ten to me!” he hi ed angrily, a  both Ron and Hermione  howed every  ign of interrupting. ‘I know it wa  Malfoy celebrating in the Room of Requirement. Here -’ He  hoved the Marauder’  Map into Hermione’  hand. ‘You’ve got to watch him and you’ve got to watch Snape, too. U e anyone el e who you can ru tle up from the DA. Hermione, tho e contact Galleon  will  till work, right? Dumbledore  ay  he’  put extra protection in the  chool, but if Snape’  involved, he’ll know what Dumbledore’  protection i , and how to avoid it - but he won’t be expecting you lot to be on the watch, will he?’ ‘Harry -’ began Hermione, her eye  huge with fear. ‘ ? haven’t got time to argue,’  aid Harry curtly. Take thi  a  well -’ He thru t the  ock  into Ron’  hand . ‘Thank ,’  aid Ron. ‘Er - why do I need  ock ?’ ‘You need what’  wrapped in them, it’  the Felix Felici . Share it between your elve  and Ginny too. Say goodbye to her from me. I’d better go, Dumbledore’  waiting -’ ‘No!’  aid Hermione, a  Ron unwrapped the tiny little bottle of golden potion, looking awe truck. ‘We don’t want it, you take it, who know  what you’re going to be facing?’ ‘I’Il be fine, I’ll be with Dumbledore,’  aid Harry. ‘I want to know you lot are OK … don’t look like that, Hermione, I’ll  ee you later And he wa  off, hurrying back through the portrait hole toward  the Entrance Hall. Dumbledore wa  waiting be ide the oaken front door . He turned a  Harry came  kidding out on to the topmo t  tone  tep, panting hard, a  earing  titch in hi   ide. ‘I would like you to wear your Cloak, plea e,’  aid Dumbledore, and he waited until Harry had thrown it on before  aying, ‘Very good. Shall we go?’ Dumbledore  et off at once down the  tone  tep , hi  own travelling cloak barely  tirring in the  till  ummer air. Harry hurried along ide him under the Invi ibility Cloak,  till panting and  weating rather a lot. ‘But what will people think when they  ee you leaving, Profe or?’ Harry a ked, hi  mind on Malfoy and Snape. That I am off into Hog meade for a drink,’  aid Dumbledore lightly. ‘I  ometime  offer Ro merta my cu tom, or el e vi it the Hog’  Head … or I appear to. It i  a  good a way a  any of di gui ing one’  true de tination.’ They made their way down the drive in the gathering twilight. The air wa  full of the  mell  of warm gra , lake water and wood  moke from Hagrid’  cabin. It wa  difficult to believe that they were heading for anything dangerou  or frightening. ‘Profe or,’  aid Harry quietly, a  the gate  at the bottom of the drive came into view, ‘will we be Apparating?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘You can Apparate now, I believe?’ ‘Ye ,’  aid Harry, ‘but I haven’t got a licence.’ He felt it be t to be hone t; what if he  poiled everything by turning up a hundred mile  from where he wa   uppo ed to go? ‘No matter,’  aid Dumbledore, ‘I can a i t you again.’ They turned out of the gate  into the twilit, de erted lane to Hog meade. Darkne  de cended fa t a  they walked and by the time they reached the High Street night wa  falling in earne t. Light  twinkled from window  over  hop  and a  they neared the Three Broom tick  they heard raucou   houting. ‘- and  tay out!’  houted Madam Ro merta, forcibly ejecting a grubbylooking wizard. ‘Oh, hello, Albu  … you’re out late …’ ‘Good evening, Ro merta, good evening … forgive me, I’m off to the Hog’  Head … no offence, but I feel like a quieter atmo phere tonight…’ A minute later they turned the corner into the  ide  treet where the Hog’  Head’   ign creaked a little, though there wa  no breeze. In contra t to the Three Broom tick , the pub appeared to be completely empty. ‘It will not be nece ary for u  to enter,’ muttered Dumbledore, glancing around. ‘A  long a  nobody  ee  u  go … now place your hand upon my arm, Harry. There i  no need to grip too hard, I am merely guiding you. On the count of three - one … two … three …’ Harry turned. At once, there wa  that horrible  en ation that he wa  being  queezed through a thick rubber tube; he could not draw breath, every part of him wa  being compre ed almo t pa t endurance and then, ju t when he thought he mu t  uffocate, the invi ible band   eemed to bur t open, and he wa   tanding in cool darkne , breathing in lungful  of fre h,  alty air. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 26: The Cave Harry could  mell  alt and hear ru hing wave ; a light, chilly breeze ruffled hi  hair a  he looked out at moonlit  ea and  tar trewn  ky. He wa   tanding upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and churning below him. He glanced over hi   houlder. A towering cliff  tood behind them, a  heer drop, black and facele . A few large chunk  of rock,  uch a  the one upon which Harry and Dumbledore were  tanding, looked a  though they had broken away from the cliff face at  ome point in the pa t. It wa  a bleak, har h view, the  ea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or  weep of gra  or  and. “What do you think?” a ked Dumbledore. He might have been a king Harry’  opinion on whether it wa  a good  ite for a picnic. “They brought the kid  from the orphanage here?” a ked Harry, who could not imagine a le  cozy  pot for a day trip. “Not here, preci ely,”  aid Dumbledore. “There i  a village of  ort  about halfway along the cliff  behind u . I believe the orphan  were taken there for a little  ea air and a view of the wave . No, I think it wa  only ever Tom Riddle and hi  youthful victim  who vi ited thi   pot. No Muggle could reach thi  rock unle  they were uncommonly good mountaineer , and boat  cannot approach the cliff , the water  around them are too dangerou . I imagine that Riddle climbed down; magic would have  erved better than rope . And he brought two  mall children with him, probably for the plea ure of terrorizing them. I think the journey alone would have done it, don’t you?” Harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goo e bump . “But hi  final de tination — and our  — lie  a little farther on. Come.” Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the rock where a  erie  of jagged niche  made foothold  leading down to boulder  that lay half ubmerged in water and clo er to the cliff. It wa  a treacherou  de cent and Dumbledore, hampered  lightly by hi  withered hand, moved  lowly. The lower rock  were  lippery with  eawater. Harry could feel fleck  of cold  alt  pray hitting hi  face. “Lumo ,”  aid Dumbledore, a  he reached the boulder clo e t to the cliff face. A thou and fleck  of golden light  parkled upon the dark  urface of the water a few feet below where he crouched; the black wall of rock be ide him wa  illuminated too. “You  ee?”  aid Dumbledore quietly, holding hi  wand a little higher. Harry  aw a fi ure in the cliff into which dark water wa   wirling. “You will not object to getting a little wet?” “No,”  aid Harry. “Then take off your Invi ibility Cloak — there i  no need for it now — and let u  take the plunge,” And with the  udden agility of a much younger man, Dumbledore  lid from the boulder, landed in the  ea, and began to  wim, with a perfect brea t troke, toward the dark  lit in the rock face, hi  lit wand held in hi  teeth. Harry pulled off hi  cloak,  tuffed it into hi  pocket, and followed. The water wa  icy; Harry’  waterlogged clothe  billowed around him and weighed him down. Taking deep breath  that filled hi  no tril  with the tang of  alt and  eaweed, he  truck out for the  himmering,  hrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff. The fi ure  oon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be filled with water at high tide. The  limy wall  were barely three feet apart and glimmered like wet tar in the pa ing light of Dumbledore’  wand. A little way in, the pa ageway curved to the left, and Harry  aw that it extended far into the cliff. He continued to  wim in Dumbledore’  wake, the tip  of hi  benumbed finger  bru hing the rough, wet rock. Then he  aw Dumbledore ri ing out of the water ahead, hi   ilver hair and dark robe  gleaming. When Harry reached the  pot he found  tep  that led into a large cave. He clambered up them, water  treaming from hi   oaking clothe , and emerged,  hivering uncontrollably, into the  till and freezing air. Dumbledore wa   tanding in the middle of the cave, hi  wand held high a  he turned  lowly on the  pot, examining the wall  and ceiling. “Ye , thi  i  the place,”  aid Dumbledore. “How can you tell?” Harry  poke in a whi per. “It ha  known magic,”  aid Dumbledore  imply. Harry could not tell whether the  hiver  he wa  experiencing were due to hi   pinedeep coldne  or to the  ame awarene  of enchantment . He watched a  Dumbledore continued to revolve on the  pot, evidently concentrating on thing  Harry could not  ee. “Thi  i  merely the antechamber, the entrance hall,”  aid Dumbledore after a moment or two. “We need to penetrate the inner place. . . . Now it i  Lord Voldemort’  ob tacle  that  tand in our way, rather than tho e nature made. . . .” Dumbledore approached the wall of the cave and care ed it with hi  blackened fingertip , murmuring word  in a  trange tongue that Harry did not under tand. Twice Dumbledore walked right around the cave, touching a  much of the rough rock a  he could, occa ionally pau ing, running hi  finger  backward and forward over a particular  pot, until finally he  topped, hi  hand pre ed flat again t the wall. “Here,” he  aid. “We go on through here. The entrance i  concealed.” Harry did not a k how Dumbledore knew. He had never  een a wizard work thing  out like thi ,  imply by looking and touching; but Harry had long  ince learned that bang  and  moke were more often the mark  of ineptitude than experti e. Dumbledore  tepped back from the cave wall and pointed hi  wand at the rock. For a moment, an arched outline appeared there, blazing white a  though there wa  a powerful light behind the crack. “You’ve ddone it!”  aid Harry through chattering teeth, but before the word  had left hi  lip  the outline had gone, leaving the rock a  bare and  olid a  ever. Dumbledore looked around. “Harry, I’m  o  orry, I forgot,” he  aid; he now pointed hi  wand at Harry and at once, Harry’  clothe  were a  warm and dry a  if they had been hanging in front of a blazing fire. “Thank you,”  aid Harry gratefully, but Dumbledore had already turned hi  attention back to the  olid cave wall. He did not try any more magic, but  imply  tood there  taring at it intently, a  though  omething extremely intere ting wa  written on it. Harry  tayed quite  till; he did not want to break Dumbledore  concentration. Then, after two  olid minute , Dumbledore  aid quietly, “Oh,  urely not. So crude.” “What i  it, Profe or?” “I rather think,”  aid Dumbledore, putting hi  uninjured hand in ide hi  robe  and drawing out a  hort  ilver knife of the kind Harry u ed to chop potion ingredient , “that we are required to make payment to pa .” “Payment?”  aid Harry. “You’ve got to give the door  omething?” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Blood, if I am not much mi taken.” “Blood?” “I  aid it wa  crude,”  aid Dumbledore, who  ounded di dainful, even di appointed, a  though Voldemort had fallen  hort of higher  tandard  Dumbledore expected. “The idea, a  I am  ure you will have gathered, i  that your enemy mu t weaken him- or her elf to enter. Once again, Lord Voldemort fail  to gra p that there are much more terrible thing  than phy ical injury.” “Yeah, but  till, if you can avoid it . . .”  aid Harry, who had experienced enough pain not to be keen for more. “Sometime , however, it i  unavoidable,”  aid Dumbledore,  haking back the  leeve of hi  robe  and expo ing the forearm of hi  injured hand. “Profe or!” prote ted Harry, hurrying forward a  Dumbledore rai ed hi  knife. “I’ll do it, I’m —” He did not know what he wa  going to  ay — younger, fitter? But Dumbledore merely  miled. There wa  a fla h of  ilver, and a  purt of  carlet; the rock face wa  peppered with dark, gli tening drop . “You are very kind, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, now pa ing the tip of hi  wand over the deep cut he had made in hi  own arm,  o that it healed in tantly, ju t a  Snape had healed Malfoy’  wound, “But your blood i  worth more than mine. Ah, that  eem  to have done the trick, doe n’t it?” The blazing  ilver outline of an arch had appeared in the wall once more, and thi  time it did not fade away: The blood pattered rock within it  imply vani hed, leaving an opening into what  eemed total darkne . “After me, I think,”  aid Dumbledore, and he walked through the archway with Harry on hi  heel , lighting hi  own wand ha tily a  he went. An eerie  ight met their eye : They were  tanding on the edge of a great black lake,  o va t that Harry could not make out the di tant bank , in a cavern  o high that the ceiling too wa  out of  ight. A mi ty greeni h light  hone far away in what looked like the middle of the lake; it wa  reflected in the completely  till water below. The greeni h glow and the light from the two wand  were the only thing  that broke the otherwi e velvety blackne , though their ray  did not penetrate a  far a  Harry would have expected. The darkne  wa   omehow den er than normal darkne . “Let u  walk,”  aid Dumbledore quietly. “Be very careful not to  tep into the water. Stay clo e to me.” He  et off around the edge of the lake, and Harry followed clo e behind him. Their foot tep  made echoing,  lapping  ound  on the narrow rim of rock that  urrounded the water. On and on they walked, but the view did not vary: on one  ide of them, the rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundle  expan e of  mooth, gla y blackne , in the very middle of which wa  that my teriou  greeni h glow. Harry found the place and the  ilence oppre ive, unnerving. “Profe or?” he  aid finally. “Do you think the Horcrux i  here?” “Oh ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “Ye , I’m  ure it i . The que tion i , how do we get to it?” “We couldn’t… we couldn’t ju t try a Summoning Charm?” Harry  aid,  ure that it wa  a  tupid  ugge tion. But he wa  much keener than he wa  prepared to admit on getting out of thi  place a   oon a  po ible. “Certainly we could,”  aid Dumbledore,  topping  o  uddenly that Harry almo t walked into him. “Why don’t you do it?” “Me? Oh . . . okay . . .” Harry had not expected thi , but cleared hi  throat and  aid loudly, wand aloft, “Accio Horcrux!” With a noi e like an explo ion,  omething very large and pale erupted out of the dark water  ome twenty feet away; before Harry could  ee what it wa , it had vani hed again with a cra hing  pla h that made great, deep ripple  on the mirrored  urface. Harry leapt backward in  hock and hit the wall; hi  heart wa   till thundering a  he turned to Dumbledore. “What wa  that?” “Something, I think, that i  ready to re pond  hould we attempt to  eize the Horcrux.” Harry looked back at the water. The  urface of the lake wa  once more  hining black gla : The ripple  had vani hed unnaturally fa t; Harry’  heart, however, wa   till pounding. “Did you think that would happen,  ir?” “I thought  omething would happen if we made an obviou  attempt to get our hand  on the Horcrux. That wa  a very good idea, Harry; much the  imple t way of finding out what we are facing.” “But we don’t know what the thing wa ,”  aid Harry, looking at the  ini terly  mooth water. “What the thing  are, you mean,”  aid Dumbledore. “I doubt very much that there i  only one of them. Shall we walk on?” “Profe or?” “Ye , Harry?” “Do you think we’re going to have to go into the lake?” “Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate.” “You don’t think the Horcrux i  at the bottom?” “Oh no … I think the Horcrux i  in the middle.” And Dumbledore pointed toward the mi ty green light in the center of the lake. “So we’re going to have to cro  the lake to get to it?” “Ye , I think  o.” Harry did not  ay anything. Hi  thought  were all of water mon ter , of giant  erpent , of demon , kelpie , and  prite . . . . “Aha,”  aid Dumbledore, and he  topped again; thi  time, Harry really did walk into him; for a moment he toppled on the edge of the dark water, and Dumbledore’  uninjured hand clo ed tightly around hi  upper arm, pulling him back. “So  orry, Harry, I  hould have given warning. Stand back again t the wall, plea e; I think I have found the place.” Harry had no idea what Dumbledore meant; thi  patch of dark bank wa  exactly like every other bit a  far a  he could tell, but Dumbledore  eemed to have detected  omething  pecial about it. Thi  time he wa  running hi  hand, not over the rocky wall, but t hrough the thin air, a  though expecting to find and grip  omething invi ible. “Oho,”  aid Dumbledore happily,  econd  later. Hi  hand had clo ed in midair upon  omething Harry could not  ee. Dumbledore moved clo er to the water; Harry watched nervou ly a  the tip  of Dumbledore’  buckled  hoe  found the utmo t edge of the rock rim. Keeping hi  hand clenched in midair, Dumbledore rai ed hi  wand with the other and tapped hi  fi t with the point. Immediately a thick coppery green chain appeared out of thin air, extending from the depth  of the water into Dumbledore’  clenched hand. Dumbledore tapped the chain, which began to  lide through hi  fi t like a  nake, coiling it elf on the ground with a clinking  ound that echoed noi ily off the rocky wall , pulling  omething from the depth  of the black water. Harry ga ped a  the gho tly prow of a tiny boat broke the  urface, glowing a  green a  the chain, and floated, with barely a ripple, toward the place on the bank where Harry and Dumbledore  tood. “How did you know that wa  there?” Harry a ked in a toni hment. “Magic alway  leave  trace ,”  aid Dumbledore, a  the boat hit the bank with a gentle bump, “ ometime  very di tinctive trace . I taught Tom Riddle. I know hi   tyle.” “I  … i  thi  boat  afe?” “Oh ye , I think  o. Voldemort needed to create a mean  to cro  the lake without attracting the wrath of tho e creature  he had placed within it in ca e he ever wanted to vi it or remove hi  Horcrux.” “So the thing  in the water won’t do anything to u  if we cro  in Voldemort’  boat?” “I think we mu t re ign our elve  to the fact that they will, at  ome point, realize we are not Lord Voldemort. Thu  far, however, we have done well. They have allowed u  to rai e the boat.” “But why have they let u ?” a ked Harry, who could not  hake off the vi ion of tentacle  ri ing out of the dark water the moment they were out of  ight of the bank. “Voldemort would have been rea onably confident that none but a very great wizard would have been able to find the boat,”  aid Dumbledore. “I think he would have been prepared to ri k what wa , to hi  mind, the mo t unlikely po ibility that  omebody el e would find it, knowing that he had  et other ob tacle  ahead that only he would be able to penetrate. We  hall  ee whether he wa  right.” Harry looked down into the boat. It really wa  very  mall. “It doe n’t look like it wa  built for two people. Will it hold both of u ? Will we be too heavy together?” Dumbledore chuckled. “Voldemort will not have cared about the weight, but about the amount of magical power that cro ed hi  lake. I rather think an enchantment will have been placed upon thi  boat  o that only one wizard at a time will be able to  ail in it.” “But then — ?” “I do not think you will count, Harry: You are underage and unqualified. Voldemort would never have expected a  ixteenyearold to reach thi  place: I think it unlikely that your power  will regi ter compared to mine.” The e word  did nothing to rai e Harry  morale; perhap  Dumbledore knew it, for he added, “Voldemort’  mi take, Harry, Voldemort’  mi take. . . Age i  fooli h and forgetful when it undere timate  youth. . . . Now, you fir t thi  time, and be careful not to touch the water.” Dumbledore  tood a ide and Harry climbed carefully into the boat. Dumbledore  tepped in too, coiling the chain onto the floor. They were crammed in together; Harry could not comfortably  it, but crouched, hi  knee  jutting over the edge of the boat, which began to move at once. There wa  no  ound other than the  ilken ru tle of the boat’  prow cleaving the water; it moved without their help, a  though an invi ible rope wa  pulling it onward toward the light in the center. Soon they could no longer  ee the wall  of the cavern; they might have been at  ea except that there were no wave . Harry looked down and  aw the reflected gold of hi  wandlight  parkling and glittering on the black water a  they pa ed. The boat wa  carving deep ripple  upon the gla y  urface, groove  in the dark mirror. . . . And then Harry  aw it, marble white, floating inche  below the  urface. “Profe or!” he  aid, and hi   tartled voice echoed loudly over the  ilent water. “Harry?” “I think I  aw a hand in the water — a human hand!” “Ye , I am  ure you did,”  aid Dumbledore calmly. Harry  tared down into the water, looking for the vani hed hand, and a  ick feeling ro e in hi  throat. “So that thing that jumped out of the water — ?” But Harry had hi  an wer before Dumbledore could reply; the wandlight had  lid over a fre h patch of water and  howed him, thi  time, a dead man lying faceup inche  beneath the  urface, hi  open eye  mi ted a  though with cobweb , hi  hair and hi  robe   wirling around him like  moke. “There are bodie  in here!”  aid Harry, and hi  voice  ounded much higher than u ual and mo t unlike hi  own. “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore placidly, “but we do not need to worry about them at the moment.” “At the moment?” Harry repeated, tearing hi  gaze from the water to look at Dumbledore. “Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below u ,”  aid Dumbledore. “There i  nothing to be feared from a body, Harry, any more than there i  anything to be feared from the darkne . Lord Voldemort, who of cour e  ecretly fear  both, di agree . But once again he reveal  hi  own lack of wi dom. It i  the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkne , nothing more.” Harry  aid nothing; he did not want to argue, but he found the idea that there were bodie  floating around them and beneath them horrible and, what wa  more, he did not believe that they were not dangerou . “But one of them jumped,” he  aid, trying to make hi  voice a  level and calm a  Dumbledore’ . “When I tried to Summon the Horcrux, a body leapt out of the lake.” “Ye ,”  aid Dumbledore. “I am  ure that once we take the Horcrux, we  hall find them le  peaceable. However, like many creature  that dwell in cold and darkne , they fear light and warmth, which we  hall therefore call to our aid  hould the need ari e. Fire, Harry,” Dumbledore added with a  mile, in re pon e to Harry’  bewildered expre ion. “Oh . . . right. . .”  aid Harry quickly. He turned hi  head to look at the greeni h glow toward which the boat wa   till inexorably  ailing. He could not pretend now that he wa  not  cared. The great black lake, teeming with the dead … It  eemed hour  and hour  ago that he had met Profe or Trelawney, that he had given Ron and Hermione Felix Felici . . . . He  uddenly wi hed he had  aid a better goodbye to them . . . and he hadn’t  een Ginny at all. . . “Nearly there,”  aid Dumbledore cheerfully. Sure enough, the greeni h light  eemed to be growing larger at la t, and within minute , the boat had come to a halt, bumping gently into  omething that Harry could not  ee at fir t, but when he rai ed hi  illuminated wand he  aw that they had reached a  mall i land of  mooth rock in the center of the lake. “Careful not to touch the water,”  aid Dumbledore again a  Harry climbed out of the boat. The i land wa  no larger than Dumbledore’  office, an expan e of flat dark  tone on which  tood nothing but the  ource of that greeni h light, which looked much brighter when viewed clo e to. Harry  quinted at it; at fir t, he thought it wa  a lamp of  ome kind, but then he  aw that the light wa  coming from a  tone ba in rather like the Pen ieve, which wa   et on top of a pede tal. Dumbledore approached the ba in and Harry followed. Side by  ide, they looked down into it. The ba in wa  full of an emerald liquid emitting that pho phore cent glow. “What i  it?” a ked Harry quietly. “I am not  ure,”  aid Dumbledore. “Something more worri ome than blood and bodie , however.” Dumbledore pu hed back the  leeve of hi  robe over hi  blackened hand, and  tretched out the tip  of hi  burned finger  toward the  urface of the potion. “Sir, no, don’t touch — !” “I cannot touch,”  aid Dumbledore,  miling faintly. “See? I cannot approach any nearer than thi . You try.” Staring, Harry put hi  hand into the ba in and attempted to touch the potion. He met an invi ible barrier that prevented him coming within an inch of it. No matter how hard he pu hed, hi  finger  encountered nothing but what  eemed to be  olid and flexible air. “Out of the way, plea e, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore. He rai ed hi  wand and made complicated movement  over the  urface of thepotion, murmuring  oundle ly. Nothing happened, except per hap  that the potion glowed a little brighter. Harry remained  ilent while Dumbledore worked, but after a while Dumbledore withdrew hi  wand, and Harry felt it wa   afe to talk again. “You think the Horcrux i  in there,  ir?” “Oh ye .” Dumbledore peered more clo ely into the ba in. Harry  aw hi  face reflected, up ide down, in the  mooth  urface of the green potion. “But how to reach it? Thi  potion cannot be penetrated by hand, Vani hed, parted,  cooped up, or  iphoned away, nor can it be Tran figured, Charmed, or otherwi e made to change it  nature.” Almo t ab entmindedly, Dumbledore rai ed hi  wand again, twirled it once in midair, and then caught the cry tal goblet that he had conjured out of nowhere. “I can only conclude that thi  potion i   uppo ed to be drunk.” “What?”  aid Harry. “No!” “Ye , I think  o: Only by drinking it can I empty the ba in and  ee what lie  in it  depth .” “But what if— what if it kill  you?” “Oh, I doubt that it would work like that,”  aid Dumbledore ea ily. “Lord Voldemort would not want to kill the per on who reached thi  i land.” Harry couldn’t believe it. Wa  thi  more of Dumbledore’  in ane determination to  ee good in everyone? “Sir,”  aid Harry, trying to keep hi  voice rea onable, “ ir, thi  i  Voldemort we’re —” “I’m  orry, Harry; I  hould have  aid, he would not want to immediately kill the per on who reached thi  i land,” Dumbledore corrected him elf. “He would want to keep them alive long enough to find out how they managed to penetrate  o far through hi  defen e  and, mo t importantly of all, why they were  o intent upon emptying the ba in. Do not forget that Lord Voldemort believe  that he alone know  about hi  Horcruxe .” Harry made to  peak again, but thi  time Dumbledore rai ed hi  hand for  ilence, frowning  lightly at the emerald liquid, evidently thinking hard. “Undoubtedly,” he  aid, finally, “thi  potion mu t act in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. It might paralyze me, cau e me to forget what I am here for, create  o much pain I am di tracted, or render me incapable in  ome other way. Thi  being the ca e, Harry, it will be your job to make  ure I keep drinking, even if you have to tip the potion into my prote ting mouth. You under tand?” Their eye  met over the ba in, each pale face lit with that  trange, green light. Harry did not  peak. Wa  thi  why he had been invited along —  o that he could forcefeed Dumbledore a potion that might cau e him unendurable pain? “You remember,”  aid Dumbledore, “the condition on which I brought you with me?” Harry he itated, looking into the blue eye  that had turned green in the reflected light of the ba in. “But what if—?” “You  wore, did you not, to follow any command I gave you?” “Ye , but—” “I warned you, did I not, that there might be danger?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry, “but —” “Well, then,”  aid Dumbledore,  haking back hi   leeve  once more and rai ing the empty goblet, “you have my order .” “Why can’t I drink the potion in tead?” a ked Harry de perately. “Becau e I am much older, much cleverer, and much le  valuable,”  aid Dumbledore. “Once and for all, Harry, do I have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking?” “Couldn’t — ?” “Do I have it?” “But—” “Your word, Harry.” “I —all right, but—” Before Harry could make any further prote t, Dumbledore lowered the cry tal goblet into the potion. For a  plit  econd, Harry hoped that he would not be able to touch the potion with the goblet, but the cry tal  ank into the  urface a  nothing el e had; when the gla  wa  full to the brim, Dumbledore lifted it to hi  mouth. “Your good health, Harry.” And he drained the goblet. Harry watched, terrified, hi  hand  gripping the rim of the ba in  o hard that hi  fingertip  were numb. “Profe or?” he  aid anxiou ly, a  Dumbledore lowered the empty gla . “How do you feel?” Dumbledore  hook hi  head, hi  eye  clo ed. Harry wondered whether he wa  in pain. Dumbledore plunged the gla  blindly back into the ba in, refilled it, and drank once more. In  ilence, Dumbledore drank three goblet ful of the potion. Then, halfway through the fourth goblet, he  taggered and fell forward again t the ba in. Hi  eye  were  till clo ed, hi  breathing heavy. “Profe or Dumbledore?”  aid Harry, hi  voice  trained. “Can you hear me?” Dumbledore did not an wer. Hi  face wa  twitching a  though he wa  deeply a leep, but dreaming a horrible dream. Hi  grip on the goblet wa   lackening; the potion wa  about to  pill from it. Harry reached forward and gra ped the cry tal cup, holding it  teady. “Profe or, can you hear me?” he repeated loudly, hi  voice echoing around the cavern. Dumbledore panted and then  poke in a voice Harry did not recognize, for he had never heard Dumbledore frightened like thi . “I don’t want. . . Don’t make me …” Harry  tared into the whitened face he knew  o well, at the crooked no e and halfmoon  pectacle , and did not know what to do. “. . . don’t like . . . want to  top . . .” moaned Dumbledore. “You . . . you can’t  top, Profe or,”  aid Harry. “You’ve got to keep drinking, remember? You told me you had to keep drinking. Here . . .” Hating him elf, repul ed by what he wa  doing, Harry forced the goblet back toward Dumbledore’  mouth and tipped it,  o that Dumbledore drank the remainder of the potion in ide. “No …” he groaned, a  Harry lowered the goblet back into the ba in and refilled it for him. “I don’t want to. … I don’t want to. . . . Let me go. . . .” “It  all right, Profe or,”  aid Harry, hi  hand  haking. “It  all right, I’m here —” “Make it  top, make it  top,” moaned Dumbledore. “Ye .. . ye , thi ’ll make it  top,” lied Harry. He tipped the content  of the goblet into Dumbledore’  open mouth. Dumbledore  creamed; the noi e echoed all around the va t chamber, acro  the dead black water. “No, no, no, no, I can’t, I can’t, don’t make me, I don’t warn to. . . .” “It’  all right, Profe or, it’  all right!”  aid Harry loudly, hi  hand   haking  o badly he could hardly  coop up the  ixth goblei ful of potion; the ba in wa  now half empty. “Nothing’  happening to you, you’re  afe, it i n’t real, I  wear it i n’t real — take thi , now, take thi …” And obediently, Dumbledore drank, a  though it wa  an antidote Harry offered him, but upon draining the goblet, he  ank to hi  knee ,  haking uncontrollably. “It  all my fault, all my fault,” he  obbed. “Plea e make it  top, I know I did wrong, oh plea e make it  top and I’ll never, never again …” “Thi  will make it  top, Profe or,” Harry  aid, hi  voice cracking a  he tipped the  eventh gla  of potion into Dumbledore’  mouth. Dumbledore began to cower a  though invi ible torturer   urrounded him; hi  flailing hand almo t knocked the refilled goblet from Harry’  trembling hand  a  he moaned, “Don’t hurt them, don’t hurt them, plea e, plea e, it  my fault, hurt me in tead …” “Here, drink thi , drink thi , you’ll be all right,”  aid Harry de perately, and once again Dumbledore obeyed him, opening hi  mouth even a  he kept hi  eye  tight  hut and  hook from head to foot. And now he fell forward,  creaming again, hammering hi  fi t  upon the ground, while Harry filled the ninth goblet. “Plea e, plea e, plea e, no … not that, not that, I’ll do anything …” “Ju t drink, Profe or, ju t drink . . .” Dumbledore drank like a child dying of thir t, but when he had fini hed, he yelled again a  though hi  in ide  were on fire. “No more, plea e, no more …” Harry  cooped up a tenth gobletful of potion and felt the cry tal  crape the bottom of the ba in. “We’re nearly there, Profe or. Drink thi , drink it. …” He  upported Dumbledore’   houlder  and again, Dumbledore drained the gla ; then Harry wa  on hi  feet once more, refilling the goblet a  Dumbledore began to  cream in more angui h than ever, “I want to die! I want to die! Make it  top, make it  top, I want to die!” “Drink thi , Profe or. Drink thi . . . .” Dumbledore drank, and no  ooner had he fini hed than he yelled, “KILL ME!” “Thi  — thi  one will!” ga ped Harry. “Ju t drink thi  .. . It’ll be over … all over!” Dumbledore gulped at the goblet, drained every la t drop, and then, with a great, rattling ga p, rolled over onto hi  face. “No!”  houted Harry, who had  tood to refill the goblet again; in tead he dropped the cup into the ba in, flung him elf down be ide Dumbledore, and heaved him over onto hi  back; Dumbledore’  gla e  were a kew, hi  mouth agape, hi  eye  clo ed. “No.”  aid Harry,  haking Dumbledore, “no, you’re not dead, you  aid it wa n’t poi on, wake up, wake up — Rennervate!” he cried, hi  wand pointing at Dumbledore  che t; there wa  a fla h of red light but nothing happened. “Rennervate —  ir — plea e —” Dumbledore  eyelid  flickered; Harry’  heart leapt, “Sir, are you — ?” “Water,” croaked Dumbledore. “Water,” panted Harry. “Ye  —” He leapt to hi  feet and  eized the goblet he had dropped in the ba in; he barely regi tered the golden locket lying curled beneath it. “Aguamenti!” he  houted, jabbing the goblet with hi  wand. The goblet filled with clear water; Harry dropped to hi  knee  be ide Dumbledore, rai ed hi  head, and brought the gla  to hi  lip  — but it wa  empty. Dumbledore groaned and began to pant. “But I had  ome — wait — Aguamenti!”  aid Harry again, pointing hi  wand at the goblet. Once more, for a  econd, clear water gleamed within it, but a  he approached Dumbledore  mouth, the water vani hed again. “Sir, I’m trying, I’m trying!”  aid Harry de perately, but he did not think that Dumbledore could hear him; he had rolled onto hi   ide and wa  drawing great, rattling breath  that  ounded agonizing. “Aguamenti —Aguamenti —AGUAMENTI!” The goblet filled and emptied once more. And now Dumbledore  breathing wa  fading. Hi  brain whirling in panic, Harry knew, in tinctively, the only way left to get water, becau e Voldemort had planned it  o … He flung him elf over to the edge of the rock and plunged the goblet into the lake, bringing it up full to the brim of icy water that did not vani h. “Sir — here!” Harry yelled, and lunging forward, he tipped the water clum ily over Dumbledore  face. It wa  the be t he could do, for the icy feeling on hi  arm not holding the cup wa  not the lingering chill of the water. A  limy white hand had gripped hi  wri t, and the creature to whom it belonged wa  pulling him,  lowly, backward acro  the rock. The  urface of the lake wa  no longer mirror mooth; it wa  churning, and everywhere Harry looked, white head  and hand  were emerging from the dark water, men and women and children with  unken,  ightle  eye  were moving toward the rock: an army of the dead ri ing from the black water. “Petrificu  Totalu !” yelled Harry,  truggling to cling to the  mooth,  oaked  urface of the i land a  he pointed hi  wand at the Inferiu  that had hi  arm. It relea ed him, falling backward into the water with a  pla h; he  crambled to hi  feet, but many more Inferi were already climbing onto the rock, their bony hand  clawing at it   lippery  urface, their blank, fro ted eye  upon him, trailing waterlogged rag ,  unken face  leering. “Petrificu  Totalu !” Harry bellowed again, backing away a  he  wiped hi  wand through the air;  ix or  even of them crumpled, but more were coming toward him. “Impedimenta! Incarcerou !” A few of them  tumbled, one or two of them bound in rope , but tho e climbing onto the rock behind them merely  tepped over or on the fallen bodie . Still  la hing at the air with hi  wand, Harry yelled, “Sectum empra! SECTUMSEMPRA!” But though ga he  appeared in their  odden rag  and their icy  kin, they had no blood to  pill: They walked on, unfeeling, their  hrunken hand  out tretched toward him, and a  he backed away  till farther, he felt arm  enclo e him from behind, thin, fle hlcv. arm  cold a  death, and hi  feet left the ground a  they lifted him and began to carry him,  lowly and  urely, back to the water, anil he knew there would be no relea e, that he would be drowned, and become one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemort   hattered  oul… But then, through the darkne , fire erupted: crim on and gold, a ring of fire that  urrounded the rock  o that the Inferi holding Harry  o tightly  tumbled and faltered; they did not dare pa  through the flame  to get to the water. They dropped Harry; he hit the ground,  lipped on the rock, and fell, grazing hi  arm , then  crambled back up, rai ing hi  wand and  taring around. Dumbledore wa  on hi  feet again, pale a  any of the  urrounding Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in hi  eye ; hi  wand wa  rai ed like a torch and from it  tip emanated the flame , like a va t la o, encircling them all with warmth. The Inferi bumped into each other, attempting, blindly, to e cape the fire in which they were enclo ed. . . . Dumbledore  cooped the locket from the bottom of the  tone ba in and  towed it in ide hi  robe . Wordle ly, he ge tured to Harry to come to hi   ide. Di tracted by the flame , the Inferi  eemed unaware that their quarry wa  leaving a  Dumbledore led Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with them, around them, the bewildered Inferi accompanying them to the water  edge, where they  lipped gratefully back into their dark water . Harry, who wa   haking all over, thought for a moment that Dumbledore might not be able to climb into the boat; he  taggered a little a  he attempted it; all hi  effort   eemed to be going into maintaining the ring of protective flame around them. Harry  eized him and helped him back to hi   eat. Once they were both  afely jammed in ide again, the boat began to move back acro  the black water, away from the rock,  till encircled by that ring of fire, and it  eemed that the Inferi  warming below them did not dare re urface. “Sir,” panted Harry, “ ir, I forgot — about fire — they were coming at me and I panicked —” “Quite under tandable,” murmured Dumbledore. Harry wa  alarmed to hear how faint hi  voice wa . They reached the bank with a little bump and Harry leapt out, then turned quickly to help Dumbledore. The moment that Dumbledore reached the bank he let hi  wand hand fall; the ring of fire vani hed, but the Inferi did not emerge again from the water. The little boat  ank into the water once more; clanking and tinkling, it  chain  lithered back into the lake too. Dumbledore gave a great  igh and leaned again t the cavern wall. “I am weak…” he  aid. “Don’t worry,  ir,”  aid Harry at once, anxiou  about Dumbledore’  extreme pallor and by hi  air of exhau tion. “Don’t worry, I’ll get u  back. . . . Lean on me,  ir. . . .” And pulling Dumbledore’  uninjured arm around hi   houlder , Harry guided hi  headma ter back around the lake, bearing mo t of hi  weight. “The protection wa  . . . after all… wellde igned,”  aid Dumbledore faintly. “One alone could not have done it. … You did well, very well, Harry. …” “Don’t talk now,”  aid Harry, fearing how  lurred Dumbledore’  voice had become, how much hi  feet dragged. “Save your energy,  ir. . . . We’ll  oon be out of here. . . .” “The archway will have  ealed again. . . . My knife …” ‘ “There’  no need, I got cut on the rock,”  aid Harry firmly. “Ju t tell me where. . . .” “Here . . .” Harry wiped hi  grazed forearm upon the  tone: Having received it  tribute of blood, the archway reopened in tantly. They cro ed the outer cave, and Harry helped Dumbledore back into the icy  eawater that filled the crevice in the cliff. “It’  going to be all right,  ir,” Harry  aid over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore’   ilence than he had been by hi  weakened voice. “We’re nearly there. … I can Apparate u  both back . . . Don’t worry. . . .” “I am not worried, Harry,”  aid Dumbledore, hi  voice a little  tronger de pite the freezing water. “I am with you.” Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 27: The Lightning-Struck Tower Once back under the  tarry  ky, Harry heaved Dumbledore on to the top of the neare t boulder and then to hi  feet. Sodden and  hivering, Dumbledore’  weight  till upon him, Harry con centrated harder than he had ever done upon hi  de tination: Hog meade. Clo ing hi  eye , gripping Dumbledore’  arm a  tightly a  he could, he  tepped forward  into that feeling of horrible compre ion. He knew it had worked before he opened hi  eye : the  mell of  alt, the  ea breeze had gone. He and Dumbledore were  hivering and dripping in the middle of the dark High Street in Hog meade. For one horrible moment Harry’  imagination  howed him more Inferi creeping toward  him around the  ide  of  hop , but he blinked and  aw that nothing wa   tirring; all wa   till, the darkne  complete but for a few  treetlamp  and lit upper window . ‘We did it, Profe or!’ Harry whi pered with difficulty; he  uddenly reali ed that he had a  earing  titch in hi  che t. ‘We did it! We got the Horcrux!’ Dumbledore  taggered again t him. For a moment, Harry thought that hi  inexpert Apparition had thrown Dumbledore offbalance; then he  aw hi  face, paler and damper than ever in the di tant light of a  treetlamp. ‘Sir, are you all right?’ ‘I’ve been better,’  aid Dumbledore weakly, though the corner  of hi  mouth twitched. That potion … wa  no health drink …” And to Harry’  horror, Dumbledore  ank on to the ground. ‘Sir - it’  OK,  ir, you’re going to be all right, don’t worry -’ He looked around de perately for help, but there wa  nobody to be  een and all he could think wa  that he mu t  omehow get Dumbledore quickly to the ho pital wing. ‘We need to get you up to the  chool,  ir … Madam Pomfrey …’ ‘No,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘It i  … Profe or Snape whom I need … but I do not think … I can walk very far ju t yet …’ ‘Right -  ir, li ten - I’m going to knock on a door, find a place you can  tay - then I can run and get Madam -’ ‘Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore clearly. ‘I need Severu  …’ ‘All right then, Snape - but I’m going to have to leave you for a moment  o I can -’ Before Harry could make a move, however, he heard run ning foot tep . Hi  heart leapt:  omebody had  een,  omebody knew they needed help - and looking around he  aw Madam Ro merta  currying down the dark  treet toward  them on highheeled, fluffy  lipper , wearing a  ilk dre inggown embroidered with dragon . ‘I  aw you Apparate a  I wa  pulling my bedroom curtain ! Thank goodne , thank goodne , I couldn’t think what to - but what’  wrong with Albu ?’ She came to a halt, panting, and  tared down, wideeyed, at Dumbledore. ‘He’  hurt,’  aid Harry. ‘Madam Ro merta, can he come into the Three Broom tick  while I go up to the  chool and get help for him?’ ‘You can’t go up there alone! Don’t you reali e - haven’t you  een -?’ ‘If you help me  upport him,’  aid Harry, not li tening to her, ‘I think we can get him in ide -’ ‘What ha  happened?’ a ked Dumbledore. ‘Ro merta, what’  wrong?’ The - the Dark Mark, Albu .’ And  he pointed into the  ky, in the direction of Hogwart . Dread flooded Harry at the  ound of the word  … he turned and looked. There it wa , hanging in the  ky above the  chool: the blaz- ing green  kull with a  erpent tongue, the mark Death Eater  left behind whenever they had entered a building … wherever they had murdered … ‘When did it appear?’ a ked Dumbledore, and hi  hand clenched painfully upon Harry’   houlder a  he  truggled to hi  feet. ‘Mu t have been minute  ago, it wa n’t there when I put the cat out, but when I got up tair  -’ ‘We need to return to the ca tle at once,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Ro merta,’ and though he  taggered a little, he  eemed wholly in command of the  ituation, ‘we need tran port - broom  -’ ‘I’ve got a couple behind the bar,’  he  aid, looking very frightened. ‘Shall I run and fetch -?’ ‘No, Harry can do it.’ Harry rai ed hi  wand at once. ‘Accio Ro merta’  broom .’ A  econd later they heard a loud bang a  the front door of the pub bur t open; two broom  had  hot out into the  treet and were racing each other to Harry’   ide, where they  topped dead, quivering  lightly, at wai t height. ‘Ro merta, plea e  end a me age to the Mini try,’  aid Dumbledore, a  he mounted the broom neare t him. ‘It might be that nobody within Hogwart  ha  yet reali ed anything i  wrong … Harry, put on your Invi ibility Cloak.’ Harry pulled hi  Cloak out of hi  pocket and threw it over him elf before mounting hi  broom; Madam Ro merta wa  already tottering back toward  her pub a  Harry and Dumbledore kicked off from the ground and ro e up into the air. A  they  ped toward  the ca tle, Harry glanced  ideway  at Dumbledore, ready to grab him  hould he fall, but the  ight of the Dark Mark  eemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a  timulant: he wa  bent low over hi  broom, hi  eye  fixed upon the Mark, hi  long  ilver hair and beard flying behind him in the night air. And Harry, too, looked ahead at the  kull, and fear  welled in ide him like a venomou  bubble, compre ing hi  lung , driving all other di comfort from hi  mind … How long had they been away? Had Ron, Hermione and Ginny’  luck run out by now? Wa  it one of them who had cau ed the Mark to be  et over the  chool, or wa  it Neville, or Luna, or  ome other member of the DA? And if it wa  … he wa  the one who had told them to patrol the corridor , he had a ked them to leave the  afety of their bed  … would he be re pon ible, again, for the death of a friend? A  they flew over the dark, twi ting lane down which they had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the whi tling of the night air in hi  ear , Dumbledore muttering in  ome  trange language again. He thought he under tood why a  he felt hi  broom  hudder for a moment when they flew over the boundary wall into the ground : Dumbledore wa  undoing the enchantment  he him elf had  et around the ca tle,  o that they could enter at  peed. The Dark Mark wa  glittering directly above the A tronomy Tower, the highe t of the ca tle. Did that mean the death had occurred there? Dumbledore had already cro ed the crenellated rampart  and wa  di mounting; Harry landed next to him  econd  later and looked around. The rampart  were de erted. The door to the  piral  tairca e that led back into the ca tle wa  clo ed. There wa  no  ign of a  truggle, of a fight to the death, of a body. ‘What doe  it mean?’ Harry a ked Dumbledore, looking up at the green  kull with it   erpent’  tongue glinting evilly above them. ‘I  it the real Mark? Ha   omeone definitely been - Profe or?’ In the dim green glow from the Mark Harry  aw Dumbledore clutching at hi  che t with hi  blackened hand. ‘Go and wake Severu ,’  aid Dumbledore faintly but clearly. Tell him what ha  happened and bring him to me. Do noth ing el e,  peak to nobody el e and do not remove your Cloak. I  hall wait here.’ ‘But -’ ‘You  wore to obey me, Harry - go!’ Harry hurried over to the door leading to the  piral  tairca e, but hi  hand had only ju t clo ed upon the iron ring of the door when he heard running foot tep  on the other  ide. He looked round at Dumbledore, who ge tured to him to retreat. Harry backed away, drawing hi  wand a  he did  o. The door bur t open and  omebody erupted through it and  houted: ‘Expelliarmu !’ Harry’  body became in tantly rigid and immobile, and he felt him elf fall back again t the Tower wall, propped like an un teady  tatue, unable to move or  peak. He could not under tand how it had happened - Expelliarmu  wa  not a Freezing Charm - Then, by the light of the Mark, he  aw Dumbledore’  wand flying in an arc over the edge of the rampart  and under tood … Dumbledore had wordle ly immobili ed Harry, and the  econd he had taken to perform the  pell had co t him the chance of defending him elf. Standing again t the rampart , very white in the face, Dumbledore  till  howed no  ign of panic or di tre . He merely looked acro  at hi  di armer and  aid, ‘Good evening, Draco.’ Malfoy  tepped forward , glancing around quickly to check that he and Dumbledore were alone. Hi  eye  fell upon the  econd broom. ‘Who el e i  here?’ ‘A que tion 1 might a k you. Or are you acting alone?’ Harry  aw Malfoy’  pale eye   hift back to Dumbledore in the greeni h glare of the Mark. ‘No,’ he  aid. ‘I’ve got backup. There are Death Eater  here in your  chool tonight.’ ‘Well, well,’  aid Dumbledore, a  though Malfoy wa   how ing him an ambitiou  homework project. ‘Very good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did you?’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Malfoy, who wa  panting. ‘Right under your no e and you never reali ed!’ ‘Ingeniou ,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Yet … forgive me … where are they now? You  eem un upported.’ They met  ome of your guard. They’re having a fight down below. They won’t be long … I came on ahead. I - I’ve got a job to do.’ ‘Well, then, you mu t get on and do it, my dear boy,’  aid Dumbledore  oftly. There wa   ilence. Harry  tood impri oned within hi  own invi ible, paraly ed body,  taring at the two of them, hi  ear   training to hear  ound  of the Death Eater ’ di tant fight, and in front of him, Draco Malfoy did nothing but  tare at Albu  Dumbledore who, incredibly,  miled. ‘Draco, Draco, you are not a killer.’ ‘How do you know?’  aid Malfoy at once. He  eemed to reali e how childi h the word  had  ounded; Harry  aw him flu h in the Mark’  greeni h light. ‘You don’t know what I’m capable of,’  aid Malfoy more forcefully, ‘you don’t know what I’ve done!’ ‘Oh, ye , I do,’  aid Dumbledore mildly. ‘You almo t killed Katie Bell and Ronald Wea ley. You have been trying, with increa ing de peration, to kill me all year. Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempt  …  o feeble, to be hone t, that I wonder whether your heart ha  been really in it…’ ‘It ha  been in it!’  aid Malfoy vehemently. ‘I’ve been work ing on it all year, and tonight -’ Somewhere in the depth  of the ca tle below Harry heard a muffled yell. Malfoy  tiffened and glanced over hi   houlder. ‘Somebody i  putting up a good fight,’  aid Dumbledore conver ationally. ‘But you were  aying … ye , you have managed to introduce Death Eater  into my  chool which, I admit, I thought impo ible … how did you do it?’ But Malfoy  aid nothing: he wa   till li tening to whatever wa  happening below and  eemed almo t a  paraly ed a  Harry wa . ‘Perhap  you ought to get on with the job alone,’  ugge ted Dumbledore. ‘What if your backup ha  been thwarted by my guard? A  you have perhap  reali ed, there are member  of the Order of the Phoenix here tonight, too. And after all, you don’t really need help … I have no wand at the moment … I cannot defend my elf.’ Malfoy merely  tared at him. ‘I  ee,’  aid Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neither moved nor  poke. ‘You are afraid to act until they join you.’» ‘I’m not afraid!’  narled Malfoy, though he  till made no move to hurt Dumbledore. ‘It’  you who  hould be  cared!’ ‘But why? I don’t think you will kill me, Draco. Killing i  not nearly a  ea y a  the innocent believe …  o tell me, while we wait for your friend  … how did you  muggle them in here? It  eem  to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it.’ Malfoy looked a  though he wa  fighting down the urge to  hout, or to vomit. He gulped and took  everal deep breath , glaring at Dumbledore, hi  wand pointing directly at the latter’  heart. Then, a  though he could not help him elf, he  aid, ‘1 had to mend that broken Vani hing Cabinet that no one’  u ed for year . The one Montague got lo t in la t year.’ ‘Aaaah.’ Dumbledore’   igh wa  half a groan. He clo ed hi  eye  for a moment. That wa  clever … there i  a pair, I take it?’ ‘The other’  in Borgin and Burke ,’  aid Malfoy, ‘and they make a kind of pa age between them. Montague told me that when he wa   tuck in the Hogwart  one, he wa  trapped in limbo but  ometime  he could hear what wa  going on at  chool, and  ometime  what wa  going on in the  hop, a  if the Cabinet wa  travelling between them, but he couldn’t make anyone hear him … in the end he managed to Apparate out, even though he’d never pa ed hi  te t. He nearly died doing it. Everyone thought it wa  a really good  tory, but I wa  the only one who reali ed what it meant - even Borgin didn’t know - 1 wa  the one who reali ed there could be a way into Hogwart  through the Cabinet  if I fixed the broken one.’ ‘Very good,’ murmured Dumbledore. ‘So the Death Eater  were able to pa  from Borgin and Burke  into the  chool to help you … a clever plan, a very clever plan … and, a  you  ay, right under my no e …’ ‘Yeah,’  aid Malfoy who, bizarrely,  eemed to draw courage and comfort from Dumbledore’  prai e. ‘Yeah, it wa !’ ‘But there were time ,’ Dumbledore went on, ‘weren’t there, when you were not  ure you would  ucceed in mending the Cabinet? And you re orted to crude and badly judged mea ure   uch a   ending me a cur ed necklace that wa  bound to reach the wrong hand  … poi oning mead there wa  only the  lighte t chance I might drink …’ ‘Yeah, well, you  till didn’t reali e who wa  behind that  tuff, did you?’  neered Malfoy, a  Dumbledore  lid a little down the rampart , the  trength in hi  leg  apparently fading, and Harry  truggled fruitle ly, mutely, again t the enchantment binding him. ‘A  a matter of fact, I did,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘I wa   ure it wa  you.’ ‘Why didn’t you  top me, then?’ Malfoy demanded. ‘I tried, Draco. Profe or Snape ha  been keeping watch over you on my order  -’ ‘He ha n’t been doing your order , he promi ed my mother -’ ‘Of cour e that i  what he would tell you, Draco, but -’ ‘He’  a doubleagent, you  tupid old man, he i n’t working for you, you ju t think he i !’ ‘We mu t agree to differ on that, Draco. It  o happen  that I tru t Profe or Snape -’ ‘Well, you’re lo ing your grip, then!’  neered Malfoy. ‘He’  been offering me plenty of help - wanting all the glory for him elf - wanting a bit of the action - “What are you doing? Did you do the necklace, that wa   tupid, it could have blown everything -” But I haven’t told him what I’ve been doing in the Room of Requirement, he’  going to wake up tomorrow and it’ll all be over and he won’t be the Dark Lord’  favourite any more, he’ll be nothing compared to me, nothing!’ ‘Very gratifying,’  aid Dumbledore mildly. ‘We all like* appreciation for our own hard work, of cour e … but you mu t have had an accomplice, all the  ame …  omeone in Hog meade,  omeone who wa  able to  lip Katie the - the - aaaah Dumbledore clo ed hi  eye  again and nodded, a  though he wa  about to fall a leep. ‘… of cour e … Ro merta. How long ha   he been under the Imperiu  Cur e?’ ‘Got there at la t, have you?’ Malfoy taunted. There wa  another yell from below, rather louder than the la t. Malfoy looked nervou ly over hi   houlder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, ‘So poor Ro merta wa  forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pa  that necklace to any Hogwart   tudent who entered the room unaccompanied? And the poi oned mead … well, naturally, Ro merta wa  able to poi on it for you before  he  ent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it wa  to be my Chri tma  pre ent … ye , very neat … very neat … poor Mr Filch would not, of cour e, think to check a bottle of Ro merta’  … tell me, how have you been communicating with Ro merta? I thought we had all method  of communication in and out of the  chool monitored.’ ‘Enchanted coin ,’  aid Malfoy, a  though he wa  compelled to keep talking, though hi  wand hand wa   haking badly. ‘I had one and  he had the other and 1 could  end her me age  -’ ‘I n’t that the  ecret method of communication the group that called them elve  Dumbledore’  Army u ed la t year?’ a ked Dumbledore. Hi  voice wa  light and conver ational, but Harry  aw him  lip an inch lower down the wall a  he  aid it. ‘Yeah, I got the idea from them,’  aid Malfoy, with a twi ted  mile. ‘I got the idea of poi oning the mead from the Mudblood Granger, a  well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recogni ing potion  …’ Hog meade,  omeone who wa  able to  lip Katie the - the - aaaah Dumbledore clo ed hi  eye  again and nodded, a  though he wa  about to fall a leep. ‘… of cour e … Ro merta. How long ha   he been under the Imperiu  Cur e?’ ‘Got there at la t, have you?’ Malfoy taunted. There wa  another yell from below, rather louder than the la t. Malfoy looked nervou ly over hi   houlder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, ‘So poor Ro merta wa  forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pa  that necklace to any Hogwart   tudent who entered the room unaccompanied? And the poi oned mead … well, naturally, Ro merta wa  able to poi on it for you before  he  ent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it wa  to be my Chri tma  pre ent … ye , very neat … very neat … poor Mr Filch would not, of cour e, think to check a bottle of Ro merta’  … tell me, how have you been communicating with Ro merta? I thought we had all method  of communication in and out of the  chool monitored.’ ‘Enchanted coin ,’  aid Malfoy, a  though he wa  compelled to keep talking, though hi  wand hand wa   haking badly. ‘I had one and  he had the other and 1 could  end her me age  -’ ‘I n’t that the  ecret method of communication the group that called them elve  Dumbledore’  Army u ed la t year?’ a ked Dumbledore. Hi  voice wa  light and conver ational, but Harry  aw him  lip an inch lower down the wall a  he  aid it. ‘Yeah, I got the idea from them,’  aid Malfoy, with a twi ted  mile. ‘I got the idea of poi oning the mead from the Mudblood Granger, a  well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recogni ing potion  …’ ‘Plea e do not u e that offen ive word in front of me,’  aid Dumbledore. Malfoy gave a har h laugh. ‘You care about me  aying “Mudblood” when I’m about to kill you?’ ‘Ye , I do,’  aid Dumbledore, and Harry  aw hi  feet  lide a little on the floor a  he  truggled to remain upright. ‘But a  for being about to kill me, Draco, you have had  everal long minute  now. We are quite alone. I am more defencele  than you can have dreamed of finding me, and  till you have not acted …’ Malfoy’  mouth contorted involuntarily, a  though he had ta ted  omething very bitter. ‘Now, about tonight,’ Dumbledore went on, ‘I am a little puzzled about how it happened … you knew that I had left the  chool? But of cour e,’ he an wered hi  own que tion, ‘Ro merta  aw me leaving,  he tipped you off u ing your ingeniou  coin , I’m  ure …’ ‘That’  right,’  aid Malfoy. ‘But  he  aid you were ju t going for a drink, you’d be back …’ ‘Well, I certainly did have a drink … and I came back … after a fa hion,’ mumbled Dumbledore. ‘So you decided to  pring a trap for me?’ ‘We decided to put the Dark Mark over the Tower and get you to hurry up here, to  ee who’d been killed,’  aid Malfoy. ‘And it worked!’ ‘Well … ye  and no …’  aid Dumbledore. ‘But am I to take it, then, that nobody ha  been murdered?’ ‘Someone’  dead,’  aid Malfoy and hi  voice  eemed to go up an octave a  he  aid it. ‘One of your people … I don’t know who, it wa  dark … I  tepped over the body … I wa *  uppo ed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way …’ ‘Ye , they do that,’  aid Dumbledore. There wa  a bang and  hout  from below, louder than ever; it  ounded a  though people were fighting on the actual  piral  tairca e that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy and Harry  tood, and Harry’  heart thundered unheard in hi  invi ible che t …  omeone wa  dead … Malfoy had  tepped over the body … but who wa  it? There i  little time, one way or another,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘So let u  di cu  your option , Draco.’ ‘My option !’  aid Malfoy loudly. ‘I’m  tanding here with a wand - I’m about to kill you -’ ‘My dear boy, let u  have no more pretence about that. If you were going to kill me, you would have done it when you fir t Di armed me, you would not have  topped for thi  plea ant chat about way  and mean .’ ‘I haven’t got any option !’  aid Malfoy, and he wa   ud denly a  white a  Dumbledore. ‘I’ve got to do it! He’ll kill me! He’ll kill my whole family!’ ‘I appreciate the difficulty of your po ition,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Why el e do you think I have not confronted you before now? Becau e I knew that you would have been murdered if Lord Voldemort reali ed that I  u pected you.’ Malfoy winced at the  ound of the name. ‘I did not dare  peak to you of the mi ion with which I knew you had been entru ted, in ca e he u ed Legilimency again t you,’ continued Dumbledore. ‘But now at la t we can  peak plainly to each other … no harm ha  been done, you have hurt nobody, though you are very lucky that your unintentional victim   urvived … I can help you, Draco.’ ‘No, you can’t,’  aid Malfoy, hi  wand hand  haking very badly indeed. ‘Nobody can. He told me to do it or he’ll kill me. I’ve got no choice.’ ‘Come over to the right  ide, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can po ibly imagine. What i  more, I can  end member  of the Order to your mother tonight to hide her likewi e. Your father i   afe at the moment in Azkaban … when the time come  we can protect him too … come over to the right  ide, Draco … you are not a killer …’ Malfoy  tared at Dumbledore. ‘But I got thi  far, didn’t I?’ he  aid  lowly. They thought I’d die in the attempt, but I’m here … and you’re in my power … I’m the one with the wand … you’re at my mercy …’ ‘No, Draco,’  aid Dumbledore quietly. ‘It i  my mercy, and not your , that matter  now.’ Malfoy did not  peak. Hi  mouth wa  open, hi  wand hand  till trembling. Harry thought he  aw it drop by a fraction - But  uddenly foot tep  were thundering up the  tair  and a  econd later Malfoy wa  buffeted out of the way a  four people in black robe  bur t through the door on to the rampart . Still paraly ed, hi  eye   taring unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four  tranger : it  eemed the Death Eater  had won the fight below. A lumpylooking man with an odd lop ided leer gave a wheezy giggle. ‘Dumbledore cornered!’ he  aid, and he turned to a  tocky little woman who looked a  though  he could be hi   i ter and who wa  grinning eagerly. ‘Dumbledore wandle , Dumbledore alone! Well done, Draco, well done!’ ‘Good evening, Amycu ,’  aid Dumbledore calmly, a  though welcoming the man to a tea party. ‘And you’ve brought Alecto too … charming …’ The woman gave an angry little titter. Think your little joke ’ll help you on your death bed, then?’  he jeered. ‘Joke ? No, no, the e are manner ,’ replied Dumbledore. ‘Do it,’  aid the  tranger  tanding neare t to Harry, a big, rangy man with matted grey hair and whi ker , who e black Death Eater’  robe  looked uncomfortably tight. He had a voice like none that Harry had ever heard: a ra ping bark of a voice. Harry could  mell a powerful mixture of dirt,  weat and, unmi takeably, of blood coming from him. Hi  filthy hand  had long yellowi h nail . ‘I  that you, Fenrir?’ a ked Dumbledore. That’  right,’ ra ped the other. ‘Plea ed to  ee me, Dumbledore?’ ‘No, I cannot  ay that I am …’ Fenrir Greyback grinned,  howing pointed teeth. Blood trickled down hi  chin and he licked hi  lip   lowly, ob cenely. ‘But you know how much I like kid , Dumbledore.’ ‘Am I to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? Thi  i  mo t unu ual … you have developed a ta te for human fle h that cannot be  ati fied once a month?’ That’  right,’  aid Greyback. ‘Shock  you, that, doe  it, Dumbledore? Frighten  you?’ ‘Well, I cannot pretend it doe  not di gu t me a little,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘And, ye , I am a little  hocked that Draco here invited you, of all people, into the  chool where hi  friend  live…’ ‘I didn’t,’ breathed Malfoy. He wa  not looking at Greyback; he did not  eem to want to even glance at him. ‘I didn’t know he wa  going to come -’ ‘I wouldn’t want to mi  a trip to Hogwart , Dumbledore,’ ra ped Greyback. ‘Not when there are throat  to be ripped out … deliciou , deliciou  …’ And he rai ed a yellow fingernail and picked at hi  front teeth, leering at Dumbledore. ‘1 could do you for after , Dumbledore …’ ‘No,’  aid the fourth Death Eater  harply. He had a heavy, brutallooking face. ‘We’ve got order . Draco’  got to do it. Now, Draco, and quickly.’ Malfoy wa   howing le  re olution than ever. He looked terrified a  he  tared into Dumbledore’  face, which wa  even paler, and rather lower than u ual, a  he had  lid  o far down the rampart wall. ‘He’  not long for thi  world anyway, if you a k me!’  aid the lop ided man, to the accompaniment of hi   i ter’  wheezing giggle . ‘Look at him - what’  happened to you, then, Dumby?’ ‘Oh, weaker re i tance,  lower reflexe , Amycu ,’  aid Dumbledore. ‘Old age, in  hort … one day, perhap , it will happen to you … if you are lucky …’ ‘What’  that mean, then, what’  that mean?’ yelled the Death Eater,  uddenly violent. ‘Alway  the  ame, weren’t yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, nothing, I don’t even know why the Dark Lord’  bothering to kill yeh! Come on, Draco, do it!’ But at that moment, there were renewed  ound  of  cuffling from below and a voice  houted, ‘They’ve blocked the  tair  - Reducto! REDUCTO!’ Harry’  heart leapt:  o the e four had not eliminated all oppo ition, but merely broken through the fight to the top of the Tower, and, by the  ound of it, created a barrier behind them - ‘Now, Draco, quickly!’  aid the brutalfaced man angrily. But Malfoy’  hand wa   haking  o badly that he could barely aim. Til do it,’  narled Greyback, moving toward  Dumbledore with hi  hand  out tretched, hi  teeth bared. ‘I  aid no!’  houted the brutalfaced man; there wa  a fla h of light and the werewolf wa  bla ted out of the way; he hit the rampart  and  taggered, looking furiou . Harry’  heart wa  hammering  o hard it  eemed impo ible that nobody could hear him  tanding there, impri oned by Dumbledore’   pell -if he could only move, he could aim a cur e from under the Cloak - ‘Draco, do it, or  tand a ide  o one of u  -’  creeched the woman, but at that preci e moment the door to the rampart  bur t open once more and there  tood Snape, hi  wand clutched in hi  hand a  hi  black eye   wept the  cene, from Dumbledore  lumped again t the wall, to the four Death Eater , including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy. ‘We’ve got a problem, Snape,’  aid the lumpy Amycu , who e eye  and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, ‘the boy doe n’t  eem able -’ But  omebody el e had  poken Snape’  name, quite  oftly. ‘Severu  …’ The  ound frightened Harry beyond anything he had experienced all evening. For the fir t time, Dumbledore wa  pleading. Snape  aid nothing, but walked forward  and pu hed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eater  fell back without a word. Even the werewolf  eemed cowed. Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there wa  revul ion and hatred etched in the har h line  of hi  face. ‘Severu  … plea e …” Snape rai ed hi  wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore. ‘Avada Kedavra!’ A jet of green light  hot from the end of Snape’  wand and hit Dumbledore  quarely in the che t. Harry’   cream of horror never left him;  ilent and unmoving, he wa  forced to watch a  Dumbledore wa  bla ted into the air: for a  plit  econd he  eemed to hang  u pended beneath the  hining  kull, and then he fell  lowly backward , like a great rag doll, over the battlement  and out of  ight. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 28: Flight of the Prince Harry felt a  though he too were hurtling through  pace; it had not happened. . . . It could not have happened. … “Out of here, quickly,”  aid Snape. He  eized Malfoy by the  cruff of the neck and forced him through the door ahead of the re t; Greyback and the  quat brother and  i ter followed, the latter both panting excitedly. A  they vani hed through the door, Harry realized he could move again. What wa  now holding him paralyzed again t the wall wa  not magic, but horror and  hock. He threw the Invi ibility Cloak a ide a  the brutalfaced Death Eater, la t to leave the tower top, wa  di appearing through the door. “Petrificu  Totalu !” The Death Eater buckled a  though hit in the back with  omething  olid and fell to the ground, rigid a  a waxwork, but he had barely hit the floor when Harry wa  clambering over him and running down the darkened  tairca e. Terror tore at Harry;  heart. … He had to get to Dumbledore and he had to catch Snape. … Somehow the two thing  were linked. … He could rever e what had happened if he had them both together. … Dumbledore could not have died. … He leapt the la t ten  tep  of the  piral  tairca e and  topped where he landed, hi  wand rai ed. The dimly lit corridor wa  full of du t; half the ceiling  eemed to have fallen in; and a battle wa  raging before him, but even a  he attempted to make out who were fighting whom, he heard the hated voice  hout, “It’  over, time to go!” and  aw Snape di appearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor; he and Malfoy  eemed to have forced their way through the fight un cathed. A  Harry plunged after them, one of the fighter  detached them elve  from the fray and flew at him: it wa  the werewolf, Fenrir. He wa  on top of Harry before Harry could rai e hi  wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in hi  face, the  tench of  weat and blood filling hi  no e and mouth, hot greedy breath at hi  throat - “Petrificu  Totalu !” Harry felt Fenrir collap e again t him; with a  tupendou  effort he pu hed the werewolf off and onto the floor a  a jet of green light came flying toward him; he ducked and ran, headfir t, into the fight. Hi  feet met  omething  qua hy and  lippery on the floor and he  tumbled: There were two bodie  lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but there wa  no time to inve tigate. Harry now  aw red hair flying like flame  in front of him: Ginny wa  locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycu , who wa  throwing hex after hex at her while  he dodged them: Amycu  wa  giggling, enjoying the  port: “Crucio - Crucio - you can’t dance forever, pretty-“ “Impedimenta!” yelled Harry. Hi  jinx hit Amycu  in the che t: He gave a piglike  queal of pain, wa  lifted off hi  feet and  lammed into the oppo ite wall,  lid down it, and fell out of  ight behind Ron, Profe or McGonagall, and Lupin, each of whom wa  battling a  eparate Death Eater. Beyond them, Harry  aw Tonk  fighting an enormou  blond wizard who wa   ending cur e  flying in all direction ,  o that they ricocheted off the wall  around them, cracking  tone,  hattering the neare t window - “Harry, where did you come from?” Ginny cried, but there wa  no time to an wer her. He put hi  head down and  printed forward, narrowly avoiding a bla t that erupted over hi  head,  howering them all in bit  of wall. Snape mu t not e cape, he mu t catch up with Snape - “Take that!”  houted Profe or McGonagall, and Harry glimp ed the female Death Eater, Alecto,  printing away down the corridor with her arm  over her head, her brother right behind her. He launched him elf after them but hi  foot caught on  omething, and next moment he wa  lying acro   omeone’  leg . Looking around, he  aw Neville’  pale, round face flat again t the floor. “Neville, are you - ?” “M’all right,” muttered Neville, who wa  clutching hi   tomach, “Harry . . . Snape ‘n’ Malfoy . . . ran pa t. . .” “I know, I’m on it!”  aid Harry, aiming a hex from the floor at the enormou  blond Death Eater who wa  cau ing mo t of the chao . The man gave a howl of pain a  the  pell hit him in the face: He wheeled around,  taggered, and then pounded away after the brother and  i ter. Harry  crambled up from the floor and began to  print along the corridor, ignoring the bang  i uing from behind him, the yell  of the other  to come back, and the mute call of the figure  on the ground who e fate he did not yet know. . . . He  kidded around the corner, hi  trainer   lippery with blood; Snape had an immen e head  tart. Wa  it po ible that he had already entered the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made  tep  to  ecure it, to prevent the Death Eater  retreating that way? He could hear nothing but hi  own pounding feet, hi  own hammering heart a  he  printed along the next empty corridor, but then  potted a bloody footprint that  howed at lea t one of the fleeing Death Eater  wa  heading toward the front door  - perhap  the Room of Requirement wa  indeed blocked - He  kidded around another corner and a cur e flew pa t him; he dived behind a  uit of armor that exploded. He  aw the brother and  i ter running down the marble  tairca e ahead and aimed jinxe  at them, but merely hit  everal bewigged witche  in a portrait on the landing, who ran  creeching into neighboring painting . A  he leapt the wreckage of armor, Harry heard more  hout  and  cream ; other people within the ca tle  eemed to have awoken. . . . He pelted toward a  hortcut, hoping to overtake the brother and  i ter and clo e in on Snape and Malfoy, who mu t  urely have reached the ground  by now. Remembering to leap the vani hing  tep halfway down the concealed  tairca e, he bur t through a tape try at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewildered and pajamaclad Hufflepuff   tood. “Harry! We heard a noi e, and  omeone  aid  omething aboui the Dark Mark -” began Ernie Macmillan. “Out of the way!” yelled Harry, knocking two boy  a ide a  he  printed toward the landing and down the remainder of the marble  tairca e. The oak front door  had been bla ted open, there were  mear  of blood on the flag tone , and  everal terrified  tudent   tood huddled again t the wall , one or two  till cowering with their arm  over their face . The giant Gryffindor hourgla  had been hit by a cur e, and the rubie  within were  till falling, with a loud rattle, onto the flag tone  below. Harry flew acro  the entrance hall and out into the dark ground : He could ju t make out three figure  racing acro  the lawn, heading for the gate  beyond which they could Di apparate - by the look  of them, the huge blond Death Eater and,  ome way ahead of him, Snape and Malfoy. … The cold night air ripped at Harry’  lung  a  he tore after them; he  aw a fla h of light in the di tance that momentarily  ilhouetted hi  quarry. He did not know what it wa  but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a cur e - Another fla h,  hout , retaliatory jet  of light, and Harry under tood: Hagrid had emerged from hi  cabin and wa  trying to  top the Death Eater  e caping, and though every breath  eemed to  hred hi  lung  and the  titch in hi  che t wa  like fire, Harry  ped up a  an unbidden voice in hi  head  aid: not Hagrid. . . not Hagrid too . . . Something caught Harry hard in the  mall of the back and he fell forward, hi  face  macking the ground, blood pouring out of both no tril : He knew, even a  he rolled over, hi  wand ready, that the brother and  i ter he had overtaken u ing hi   hortcut were clo ing in behind him. . . . “Impedimenta!” he yelled a  he rolled over again, crouching clo e to the dark ground, and miraculou ly hi  jinx hit one of them, who  tumbled and fell, tripping up the other; Harry leapt to hi  feet and  printed on after Snape. And now he  aw the va t outline of Hagrid, illuminated by the light of the cre cent moon revealed  uddenly behind cloud ; the blond Death Eater wa  aiming cur e after cur e at the gamekeeper; but Hagrid  immen e  trength and the toughened  kin he had inherited from hi  giante  mother  eemed to be protecting him. Snape and Malfoy, however, were  till running; they would  oon be beyond the gate , able to Di apparate - Harry tore pa t Hagrid and hi  opponent, took aim at Snape’  back, and yelled, “Stupefy!” He mi ed; the jet of red light  oared pa t Snape’  head; Snape  houted, “Run, Draco!”and turned. Twenty yard  apart, he and Harry looked at each other before rai ing their wand   imultaneou ly. “Cruc - “ But Snape parried the cur e, knocking Harry backward off hi  feet before he could complete it; Harry rolled over and  crambled back up again a  the huge Death Eater behind him yelled, “Incendio!” Harry heard an explo ive bang and a dancing orange light  pilled over all of them: Hagrid’  hou e wa  on fire. “Fang’  in there, yer evil - !” Hagrid bellowed. “Cruc -” yelled Harry for the  econd time, aiming for the figure ahead illuminated in the dancing firelight, but Snape blocked the  pell again. Harry could  ee him  neering. “No Unforgivable Cur e  from you, Potter!” he  houted over the ru hing of the flame , Hagrid’  yell , and the wild yelping of the trapped Fang. “You haven’t got the nerve or the ability -“ “Incarc-“Harry roared, but Snape deflected the  pell with an almo t lazy flick of hi  arm. “Fight back!” Harry  creamed at him. “Fight back, you cowardly—–“ “Coward, did you call me, Potter?”  houted Snape. “Your father would never attack me unle  it wa  four on one, what would you call him, I wonder?” “Stupe-“ “Blocked again and again and again until you learn to keep your mouth  hut and your mind clo ed, Potter!”  neered Snape, deflecting the cur e once more. “Now come!” he  houted at the huge Death Eater behind Harry. “It i  time to be gone, before the Mini try turn  up -“ “Impedi -“ But before he could fini h thi  jinx, excruciating pain hit Harry; he keeled over in the gra . Someone wa   creaming, he would  urely die of thi  agony, Snape wa  going to torture him to death or madne  - “No!” roared Snape’  voice and the pain  topped a   uddenly a  it had  tarted; Harry lay curled on the dark gra , clutching hi  wand and panting;  omewhere overhead Snape wa   houting, “Have you forgotten our order ? Potter belong  to the Dark Lord - we are to leave him! Go! Go!” And Harry felt the ground  hudder under hi  face a  the brother and  i ter and the enormou  Death Eater obeyed, running toward the gate . Harry uttered an inarticulate yell of rage: In that in tant, he cared not whether he lived or died. Pu hing him elf to hi  feet again, he  taggered blindly toward Snape, the man he now hated a  much a  he hated Voldemort him elf - “Sectum - “ Snape flicked hi  wand and the cur e wa  repelled yet again; but Harry wa  mere feet away now and he could  ee Snape’  face clearly at la t: He wa  no longer  neering or jeering; the blazing flame   howed a face full of rage. Mu tering all hi  power  of concentration, Harry thought, Levi - “No, Potter!”  creamed Snape. There wa  a loud BANG and Harry wa   oaring backward, hitting the ground hard again, ;un\ thi  time hi  wand flew out of hi  hand. He could hear Hagrid yelling and Fang howling a  Snape clo ed in and looked down on him where he lay, wandle  and defen ele  a  Dumbledore hadl been. Snape’  pale face, illuminated by the flaming cabin, wa   uffu ed with hatred ju t a  it had been before he had cur ed Dumbledore. “You dare u e my own  pell  again t me, Potter? It wa  I who invented them - I, the HalfBlood Prince! And you’d turn my invention  on me, like your filthy father, would you? I don’t think  o . . . no” Harry had dived for hi  wand; Snape  hot a hex at it and it flew feet away into the darkne  and out of  ight. “Kill me then,” panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. “Kill me like you killed him, you coward -“ “DON’T -”  creamed Snape, and hi  face wa   uddenly demented, inhuman, a  though he wa  in a  much pain a  the yelping, howling dog  tuck in the burning hou e behind them - “CALL ME COWARD!” And he  la hed at the air: Harry felt a whitehot, whiplike  omething hit him acro  the face and wa   lammed backward into the ground. Spot  of light bur t in front of hi  eye  and for a moment all the breath  eemed to have gone from hi  body, then he heard a ru h of wing  above him and  omething enormou  ob cured the  tar . Buckbeak had flown at Snape, who  taggered backward a  the razor harp claw   la hed at him. A  Harry rai ed him elf into a  itting po ition, hi  head  till  wimming from it  la t contact with the ground, he  aw Snape running a  hard a  he could, the enormou  bea t flapping behind him and  creeching a  Harry had never heard him  creech - Harry  truggled to hi  feet, looking around groggily for hi  wand, hoping to give cha e again, but even a  hi  finger  fumbled in the gra , di carding twig , he knew it would be too late, and  ure enough, by the time he had located hi  wand, he turned only to  ee the hippogriff circling the gate . Snape had managed to Di apparate ju t beyond the  chool’  boundarie . “Hagrid,” muttered Harry,  till dazed, looking around. “HAGRID?” He  tumbled toward the burning hou e a  an enormou  figure emerged from out of the flame  carrying Fang on hi  back. With a cry of thankfulne , Harry  ank to hi  knee ; he wa   haking in every limb, hi  body ached all over, and hi  breath came in painful  tab . “Yeh all righ’, Harry? Yeh all righ’? Speak ter me, Harry. . ..” Hagrid  huge, hairy face wa   wimming above Harry, blocking out the  tar . Harry could  mell burnt wood and dog hair; he put out a hand and felt Fang’  rea uringly warm and alive body quivering be ide him. “I’m all right,” panted Harry. “Are you?” “‘Cour e I am . . . take more’n that ter fini h me.” Hagrid put hi  hand  under Harry’  arm  and rai ed him up with  uch force that Harry’  feet momentarily left the ground before Hagrid  et him upright again. He could  ee blood trickling down Hagrid’  cheek from a deep cut under one eye, which wa   welling rapidly. “We  hould put out your hou e,”  aid Harry, “the charm’  ‘Aguamenti’ …” “Knew it wa   ummat like that,” mumbled Hagrid, and he rai ed a  moldering pink, flowery umbrella and  aid, “Aguamenti!” A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip. Harry rai ed hi  wand arm, which felt like lead, and murmured “Aguamenti” too: Together, he and Hagrid poured water on the hou e until the la t flame wa  extingui hed. “S’not too bad,”  aid Hagrid hopefully a few minute  later, looking at the  moking wreck. “Nothin Dumbledore won’ be able to put righ’ . . .” Harry felt a  earing pain in hi   tomach at the  ound of the name. In the  ilence and the  tillne , horror ro e in ide him. “Hagrid …” “I wa  bindin’ up a couple o’ bowtruckle leg  when I heard ‘em coming,”  aid Hagrid  adly,  till  taring at hi  wrecked cabin. “They’ll bin burnt ter twig , poor little thing . . . .” “Hagrid . . .” “But what happened, Harry? I ju ’  aw them Death Eater  runnin down from the ca tle, but what the ruddy hell wa  Snape doin’ with ‘em? Where’  he gone - wa  he cha in’ them?” “He . . .” Harry cleared hi  throat; it wa  dry from panic and the  moke. “Hagrid, he killed . . .” “Killed?”  aid Hagrid loudly,  taring down at Harry. “Snape killed? What’re yeh on abou’, Harry?” “Dumbledore,”  aid Harry. “Snape killed .. . Dumbledore.” Hagrid  imply looked at him, the little of hi  face that could be  een completely blank, uncomprehending. “Dumbledore wha, Harry?” “He’  dead. Snape killed him….” “Don’  ay that,”  aid Hagrid roughly. “Snape kill Dumbledore - don’ be  tupid, Harry. Wha’  made yeh  ay tha’?” “I  aw it happen.” , ,.. “Yeh couldn’ have.” “I  aw it, Hagrid.” Hagrid  hook hi  head; hi  expre ion wa  di believing but  ympathetic, and Harry knew that Hagrid thought he had  u tained a blow to the head, that he wa  confu ed, perhap  by the aftereffect  of a jinx. … “What mu ta happened wa , Dumbledore mu ta told Snape ter go with them Death Eater ,” Hagrid  aid confidently. “I  uppo e he’  gotta keep hi  cover. Look, let’  get yeh back up ter the  chool. Come on, Harry. …” Harry did not attempt to argue or explain. He wa   till  haking uncontrollably. Hagrid would find out  oon enough, too  oon. … A  they directed their  tep  back toward the ca tle, Harry  aw that many of it  window  were lit now. He could imagine, clearly, the  cene  in ide a  people moved from room to room, telling each other that Death Eater  had got in, that the Mark wa   hining over Hogwart , that  omebody mu t have been killed. . . . The oak front door   tood open ahead of them, light flooding out onto the drive and the lawn. Slowly, uncertainly, dre inggowned people were creeping down the  tep , looking around nervou ly for  ome  ign of the Death Eater  who had fled into the night. Harry’  eye , however, were fixed upon the ground at the foot of the talle t tower. He imagined that he could  ee a black, huddled ma  lying in the gra  there, though he wa  really too far away to  ee anything of the  ort. Even a  he  tared wordle ly at the place where he thought Dumbledore’  body mu t lie, however, he  aw people beginning to move toward it. “What’re they all lookin’ at?”  aid Hagrid, a  he and Harry approached the ca tle front, Fang keeping a  clo e a  he could to their ankle . “Wha’  that lyin’ on the gra ?” Hagrid added  harply, heading now toward the foot of the A tronomy Tower, where a  mall crowd wa  congregating. “See it, Harry? Right at the foot of the tower? Under where the Mark . . . Blimey . . . yeh don’ think  omeone got thrown - ?” Hagrid fell  ilent, the thought apparently too horrible to expre  aloud. Harry walked along ide him, feeling the ache  and pain  in hi  face and hi  leg  where the variou  hexe  of the la t half hour had hit him, though in an oddly detached way, a  though  omebody near him wa   uffering them. What wa  real and ine capable wa  the awful pre ing feeling in hi  che t. . . . He and Hagrid moved, dreamlike, through the murmuring crowd to the very front, where the dumb truck  tudent  and teacher  had left a gap. Harry heard Hagrid’  moan of pain and  hock, but he did not  top; he walked  lowly forward until he reached the place where Dumbledore lay and crouched down be ide him. He had known there wa  no hope from the moment that the full BodyBind Cur e Dumbledore had placed upon him lifted, known that it could have happened only becau e it  ca ter wa  dead, but there wa   till no preparation for  eeing him here,  preadeagled, broken: the greate t wizard Harry had ever, or would ever, meet. Dumbledore’  eye  were clo ed; but for the  trange angle of hi  arm  and leg , he might have been  leeping. Harry reached out,  traightened the halfmoon  pectacle  upon the crooked no e, and wiped a trickle of blood from the mouth with hi  own  leeve. Then he gazed down at the wi e old face and tried to ab orb the enormou  and incomprehen ible truth: that never again would Dumbledore  peak to him, never again could he help—– The crowd murmured behind Harry. After what  eemed like a long time, he became aware that he wa  kneeling upon  omething hard and looked down. The locket they had managed to  teal  o many hour  before had fallen out of Dumbledore’  pocket. It had opened, perhap  due to the force with which it hit the ground. And although he could not feel more  hock or horror or  adne  than he felt already, Harry knew, a  he picked it up, that there wa   omething wrong—– He turned the locket over in hi  hand . Thi  wa  neither a  large a  the locket he remembered  eeing in the Pen ieve, nor were there any marking  upon it, no  ign of the ornate S that wa   uppo ed to be Slytherin  mark. Moreover, there wa  nothing in ide but for a  crap of folded parchment wedged tightly into the place where a portrait  hould have been. Automatically, without really thinking about what he wa  doing, Harry pulled out the fragment of parchment, opened it, and read by the light of the many wand  that had now been lit behind him: To the Dark Lord I now I will be dead long before you read thi  but I want you to know that it wa  I who dicovered your  ecret. I have  tolen the real Horcrux and intend to de troy it a   oon a  I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match you will be mortal once more. R.A.B. Harry neither knew nor cared what the me age meant. Only one thing mattered: Thi  wa  not a Horcrux. Dumbledore had weakened him elf by drinking that terrible potion for nothing. Harry crumpled the parchment in hi  hand, and hi  eye  burned with tear  a  behind him Fang began to howl. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 29: The Pheonix Lament C ‘mere, Harry …” “No.” “Yeh can’  tay here, Harry. … Come on, now….” “No.” He did not want to leave Dumbledore   ide, he did not want to move anywhere. Hagrid’  hand on hi   houlder wa  trembling. Then another voice  aid, “Harry, come on.” A much  maller and warmer hand had enclo ed hi  and wa  pulling him upward. He obeyed it  pre ure without really thinking about it. Only a  he walked blindly back through the crowd did he realize, from a trace of flowery  cent on the air, that it wa  Ginny who wa  leading him back into the ca tle. Incomprehen ible voice  battered him,  ob  and  hout  and wail   tabbed the night, but Harry and Ginny walked on, back up the  tep  into the entrance hall. Face   wam on the edge  of Harry’  vi ion, people were peering at him, whi pering, wondering, and Gryffindor rubie  gli tened on the floor like drop  of blood a  they made their way toward the marble  tairca e. “We’re going to the ho pital wing,”  aid Ginny. “I’m not hurt,”  aid Harry. ! “It’  McGonagall  order ,”  aid Ginny. “Everyone’  up there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone -“ Fear  tirred in Harry’  che t again: He had forgotten the inert figure  he had left behind. “Ginny, who el e i  dead?” “Don’t worry, none of u .” “But the Dark Mark - Malfoy  aid he  tepped over a body -“ “He  tepped over Bill, but it  all right, he’  alive.” There wa   omething in her voice, however, that Harry knew boded ill. “Are you  ure?” “Of cour e I’m  ure . . . he’  a - a bit of a me , that’  all. Greyback attacked him. Madam Pomfrey  ay  he won’t - won’t look the  ame anymore. . . .” Ginny’  voice trembled a little. “We don’t really know what the aftereffect  will be - I mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not tran formed at the time.” “But the other  . . . There were other bodie  on the ground. . . .” “Neville and Profe or Flitwick are both hurt, but Madam Pomfrey  ay  they’ll be all right. And a Death Eater’  dead, he got hit by a Killing Cur e that huge blond one wa  firing off everywhere - Harry, if we hadn’t had your Felix potion, I think we’d all have been killed, but everything  eemed to ju t mi  u  -“ They had reached the ho pital wing. Pu hing open the door , Harry  aw Neville lying, apparently a leep, in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonk , and Lupin were gathered around another bed near the far end of the ward. At the  ound of the door  opening, they all looked up. Hermione ran to Harry and hugged him; Lupin moved forward too, looking anxiou . “Are you all right, Harry?” “I’m fine…. How’  Bill?” Nobody an wered. Harry looked over Hermione’   houlder and  aw an unrecognizable face lying on Bill’  pillow,  o badly  la hed and ripped that he looked grote que. Madam Pomfrey wa  dabbing at hi  wound  with  ome har h melling green ointment. Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoy’  Sectum empra wound   o ea ily with hi  wand. “Can’t you fix them with a charm or  omething?” he a ked the matron. “No charm will work on the e,”  aid Madam Pomfrey. “I’ve tried everything I know, but there i  no cure for werewolf bite .” “But he wa n’t bitten at the full moon,”  aid Ron, who wa  gazing down into hi  brother’  face a  though he could  omehow force him to mend ju t by  taring. “Greyback hadn’t tran formed,  o  urely Bill won’t be a - a real - ?” : He looked uncertainly at Lupin. “No, I don’t think that Bill will be a true werewolf,”  aid Lupin, “but that doe  not mean that there won’t be  ome contamination. Tho e are cur ed wound . They are unlikely ever to heal fully, and - and Bill might have  ome wolfi h characteri tic  from now on.” “Dumbledore might know  omething that’d work, though,” Ron  aid. “Where i  he? Bill fought tho e maniac  on Dumbledore’  order , Dumbledore owe  him, he can’t leave him in thi   tate -“ “Ron - Dumbledore  dead,”  aid Ginny. “No!” Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, a  though hoping the latter might contradict her, but when Harry did nor, Lupin collap ed into a chair be ide Bill’  bed, hi  hand  over hi  face. Harry had never  een Lupin lo e control before; he felt a  though he wa  intruding upon  omething private, indecent. He turned away and caught Ron’  eye in tead, exchanging in  ilence a look that confirmed what Ginny had  aid. “How did he die?” whi pered Tonk . “How did it happen?” “Snape killed him,”  aid Harry. “I wa  there, I  aw it. We arrived back on the A tronomy Tower becau e that’  where the Mark wa . . . . Dumbledore wa  ill, he wa  weak, but I think he realized it wa  a trap when we heard foot tep  running up the  tair . He immobilized me, I couldn’t do anything, I wa  under the Invi ibility Cloak - and then Malfoy came through the door and di armed him -“ Hermione clapped her hand  to her mouth and Ron groaned. Luna’  mouth trembled. “- more Death Eater  arrived - and then Snape - and Snape did it. The Avada Kedavra.” Harry couldn’t go on. Madam Pomfrey bur t into tear . Nobody paid her any attention except Ginny, who whi pered, “Shh! Li ten!” Gulping, Madam Pomfrey pre ed her finger  to her mouth, her eye  wide. Somewhere out in the darkne , a phoenix wa   inging in a way Harry had never heard before: a  tricken lament of terrible beauty. And Harry felt, a  he had felt about phoenix  ong before, that the mu ic wa  in ide him, not without: It wa  hi  own grief turned magically to  ong that echoed acro  the ground  and through the ca tle window . How long they all  tood there, li tening, he did not know, nor why it  eemed to ea e their pain a little to li ten to the  ound of their mourning, but it felt like a long time later that the ho pital door opened again and Profe or McGonagall entered the ward. Like all the re t,  he bore mark  of the recent battle: There were graze  on her face and her robe  were ripped. “Molly and Arthur are on their way,”  he  aid, and the  pell of the mu ic wa  broken: Everyone rou ed them elve  a  though coming out of trance , turning again to look at Bill, or el e to rub their own eye t  hake their head . “Harry, what happened? According to Hagrid you were with Profe or Dumbledore when he - when it happened. He  ay  Profe or Snape wa  involved in  ome -” “Snape killed Dumbledore,”  aid Harry. She  tared at him for a moment, then  wayed alarmingly; Madam Pomfrey, who  eemed to have pulled her elf together, ran forward, conjuring a chair from thin air, which  he pu hed under McGonagall. “Snape,” repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into the chair. “We all wondered . . . but he tru ted . . . alway  . . . Snape… I can’t believe it. …” “Snape wa  a highly accompli hed Occlumen ,”  aid Lupin, hi  voice uncharacteri tically har h. “We alway  knew that.” “But Dumbledore  wore he wa  on our  ide!” whi pered Tonk . “I alway  thought Dumbledore mu t know  omething about Snape that we didn’t. …” . “He alway  hinted that he had an ironclad rea on for tru ting Snape,” muttered Profe or McGonagall, now dabbing at the corner  of her leaking eye  with a tartanedged handkerchief. “I mean . . . with Snape  hi tory … of cour e people were bound to wonder. . . but Dumbledore told me explicitly that Snape’  repentance wa  ab olutely genuine—–Wouldn’t hear a word again t him!” “I’d love to know what Snape told him to convince him,”  aid Tonk . “I know,”  aid Harry, and they all turned to look at him. “Snape pa ed Voldemort the information that made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. Then Snape told Dumbledore he hadn’t realized what he wa  doing, he wa  really  orry he’d done it,  orry that they were dead.” They all  tared at him. “And Dumbledore believed that?”  aid Lupin incredulou ly. “Dumbledore believed Snape wa   orry Jame  wa  dead? Snape hated Jame . . . .” “And he didn’t think my mother wa  worth a damn either,”  aid Harry, “becau e  he wa  Muggleborn… ‘Mudblood,’ he called her. …” Nobody a ked how Harry knew thi . All of them  eemed to be lo t in horrified  hock, trying to dige t the mon trou  truth of what had happened. “Thi  i  all my fault,”  aid Profe or McGonagall  uddenly. She looked di oriented, twi ting her wet handkerchief in her hand . “My fault. I  ent Filiu  to fetch Snape tonight, I actually  ent for him to come and help u ! If I hadn’t alerted Snape to what wa  going on, he might never have joined force  with the Death Eater . I don’t think he knew they were there before Filiu  told him, I don’t think he knew they were coming.” “It i n’t your fault, Minerva,”  aid Lupin firmly. “We all wanted more help, we were glad to think Snape wa  on hi  way….” “So when he arrived at the fight, he joined in on the Death Eater ’  ide?” a ked Harry, who wanted every detail of Snape’  duplicity and infamy, feveri hly collecting more rea on  to hate him, to  wear vengeance. “I don’t know exactly how it happened,”  aid Profe or McGonagall di tractedly. “It’  all  o confu ing. . . . Dumbledore had told u  that he would be leaving the  chool for a few hour  and that we were to patrol the corridor  ju t in ca e . . . Remu , Bill, and Nymphadora were to join u  … and  o we patrolled. All  eemed quiet. Every  ecret pa ageway out of the  chool wa  covered. We knew nobody could fly in. There were powerful enchantment  on every entrance into the ca tle. I  till don’t know how the Death Eater  can po ibly have entered. . . .” “I do,”  aid Harry, and he explained, briefly, about the pair of Vani hing Cabinet  and the magical pathway they formed. “So they got in through the Room of Requirement.” Almo t again t hi  will he glanced from Ron to Hermione, both of whom looked deva tated. “I me ed up, Harry,”  aid Ron bleakly. “We did like you told u : We checked the Marauder’  Map and we couldn’t  ee Malfoy on it,  o we thought he mu t be in the Room of Requirement,  o me, Ginny, and Neville went to keep watch on it… but Malfoy got pa t u .” “He came out of the room about an hour after we  tarted keeping watch,”  aid Ginny. “He wa  on hi  own, clutching that awful  hriveled arm -“ “Hi  Hand of Glory,”  aid Ron. “Give  light only to the holder, remember?” “Anyway,” Ginny went on, “he mu t have been checking whether the coa t wa  clear to let the Death Eater  out, becau e the moment he  aw u  he threw  omething into the air and it all went pitchblack -“ “- Peruvian In tant Darkne  Powder,”  aid Ron bitterly. “Fred and George’ . I’m going to be having a word with them about who they let buy their product .” “We tried everything, Lumo , Incendio,”  aid Ginny. “Nothing would penetrate the darkne ; all we could do wa  grope our way out of the corridor again, and meanwhile we could hear people ru hing pa t u . Obviou ly Malfoy could  ee becau e of that hand thing and wa  guiding them, but we didn’t dare u e any cur e  or anything in ca e we hit each other, and by the time we’d reached a corridor that wa  light, they’d gone.” “Luckily,”  aid Lupin hoar ely, “Ron, Ginny, and Neville ran into u  almo t immediately and told u  what had happened. We found the Death Eater  minute  later, heading in the direction of the A tronomy Tower. Malfoy obviou ly hadn’t expected more people to be on the watch; he  eemed to have exhau ted hi   upply of Darkne  Powder, at any rate. A fight broke out, they  cattered and we gave cha e. One of them, Gibbon, broke away and headed up the tower  tair  -“ “To  et off the Mark?” a ked Harry. “He mu t have done, ye , they mu t have arranged that before they left the Room of Requirement,”  aid Lupin. “But I don’t think Gibbon liked the idea of waiting up there alone for Dumbledore, becau e he came running back down tair  to rejoin the fight and wa  hit by a Killing Cur e that ju t mi ed me.” “So if Ron wa  watching the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville,”  aid Harry, turning to Hermione, “were you - ?” “Out ide Snape’  office, ye ,” whi pered Hermione, her eye   parkling with tear , “with Luna. We hung around for age  out ide it and nothing happened. . . . We didn’t know what wa  going on up tair , Ron had taken the map—–It wa  nearly midnight when Profe or Flitwick came  printing down into the dungeon . He wa   houting about Death Eater  in the ca tle, I don’t think he really regi tered that Luna and I were there at all, he ju t bur t hi  way into Snape’  office and we heard him  aying that Snape had to go back with him and help and then we heard a loud thump and Snape came hurtling out of hi  room and he  aw u  and - and -” “What?” Harry urged her. “I wa   o  tupid, Harry!”  aid Hermione in a highpitched whi per. “He  aid Profe or Flitwick had collap ed and that we  hould go and take care of him while he - while he went to help fight the Death Eater  -” She covered her face in  hame and continued to talk into her finger ,  o that her voice wa  muffled. “We went into hi  office to  ee if we could help Profe or Flitwick and found him uncon ciou  on the floor. . . and oh, it’   o obviou  now, Snape mu t have Stupefied Flitwick, but we didn’t realize, Harry, we didn’t realize, we ju t let Snape go!” “It’  not your fault,”  aid Lupin firmly. “Hermione, had you not obeyed Snape and got out of the way, he probably would have killed you and Luna.” “So then he came up tair ,”  aid Harry, who wa  watching Snape running up the marble  tairca e in hi  mind’  eye, hi  black robe  billowing behind him a  ever, pulling hi  wand from under hi  cloak a  he a cended, “and he found the place where you were all fighting. …” “We were in trouble, we were lo ing,”  aid Tonk  in a low voice. “Gibbon wa  down, but the re t of the Death Eater   eemed ready to fight to the death. Neville had been hurt, Bill had been  avaged by Greyback… It wa  all dark . . . cur e  flying everywhere . . . The Malfoy boy had vani hed, he mu t have  lipped pa t, up the  tair  . . . then more of them ran after him, but one of them blocked the  tair behind them with  ome kind of cur e. . . . Neville ran at it and got thrown up into the air -“ “None of u  could break through,”  aid Ron, “and that ma ive Death Eater wa   till firing off jinxe  all over the place, they were bouncing off the wall  and barely mi ing u . . . .” “And then Snape wa  there,”  aid Tonk , “and then he wa n’t -“ “I  aw him running toward u , but that huge Death Eater  jinx ju t mi ed me right afterward and I ducked and lo t track of thing ,”  aid Ginny. “I  aw him run  traight through the cur ed barrier a  though it wa n’t there,”  aid Lupin. “I tried to follow him, but wa  thrown back ju t like Neville. . . .” “He mu t have known a  pell we didn’t,” whi pered McGonagall. “After all - he wa  the Defen e Again t the Dark Art  teacher. … I ju t a umed that he wa  in a hurry to cha e after the Death Eater  who’d e caped up to the tower. …” “He wa ,”  aid Harry  avagely, “but to help them, not to  top them . . . and I’ll bet you had to have a Dark Mark to get through that barrier -  o what happened when he came back down?” “Well, the big Death Eater had ju t fired off a hex that cau ed half the ceiling to fall in, and al o broke the cur e blocking the  tair ,”  aid Lupin. “We all ran forward - tho e of u  who were  till  tanding anyway - and then Snape and the boy emerged out of the du t - obviou ly, none of u  attacked them -“ “We ju t let them pa ,”  aid Tonk  in a hollow voice. “We thought they were being cha ed by the Death Eater  - and next thing, the other Death Eater  and Greyback were back and we were fighting again - I thought I heard Snape  hout  omething, but I don’t know what -“ “He  houted, ‘It’  over,’”  aid Harry. “He’d done what he’d meant to do.” They all fell  ilent. Fawke ’  lament wa   till echoing over the dark ground  out ide. A  the mu ic reverberated upon the air, unbidden, unwelcome thought   lunk into Harry’  mind. . . . Had they taken Dumbledore’  body from the foot of the tower yet? What would happen to it next? Where would it re t? He clenched hi  fi t  tighdy in hi  pocket . He could feel the  mall cold lump of the fake Horcrux again t the knuckle  of hi  right hand. The door  of the ho pital wing bur t open, making them all jump: Mr. and Mr . Wea ley were  triding up the ward, Fleur ju t behind them, her beautiful face terrified. “Molly - Arthur -”  aid Profe or McGonagall, jumping up and hurrying to greet them. “I am  o  orry -“ “Bill,” whi pered Mr . Wea ley, darting pa t Profe or McGonagall a   he caught  ight of Bill’  mangled face. “Oh, Bill!” Lupin and Tonk  had got up ha tily and retreated  o that Mr. and Mr . Wea ley could get nearer to the bed. Mr . Wea ley bent over her  on and pre ed her lip  to hi  bloody forehead. “You  aid Greyback attacked him?” Mr. Wea ley a ked Profe or McGonagall di tractedly. “But he hadn’t tran formed? So what doe  that mean? What will happen to Bill?” “We don’t yet know,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, looking helple ly at Lupin. “There will probably be  ome contamination, Arthur,” . aid Lupin. “It i  an odd ca e, po ibly unique. . . . We don’t know what hi  behavior might be like when he awaken . . . .” Mr . Wea ley took the na ty melling ointment from Madam Pomfrey and began dabbing at Bill’  wound . “And Dumbledore …”  aid Mr. Wea ley. “Minerva, i  it true … I  he really. . . ?” A  Profe or McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny move be ide him and looked at her. Her  lightly narrowed eye  were fixed upon Fleur, who wa  gazing down at Bill with a frozen expre ion on her face. “Dumbledore gone,” whi pered Mr. Wea ley, but Mr . Wea ley had eye  only for her elde t  on;  he began to  ob, tear  falling onto Bill’  mutilated face. “Of cour e, it doe n’t matter how he look . . . . It’  not rreally important. . . but he wa  a very hand ome little bboy . . . alway  very hand ome . . . and he wa  ggoing to be married!” “And what do you mean by zat?”  aid Fleur  uddenly and loudly. “What do you mean, ‘ he wa  going to be married?’” Mr . Wea ley rai ed her tear tained face, looking  tartled. “Well -only that-“ “You theenk Bill will not wi h to marry me anymore?” demanded Fleur. “You theenk, becau e of the e bite , he will not love me?” “No, that’  not what I -“ “Becau e ‘e will!”  aid Fleur, drawing her elf up to her full height and throwing back her long mane of  ilver hair. “It would take more zan a werewolf to  top Bill loving me!” “Well, ye , I’m  ure,”  aid Mr . Wea ley, “but I thought perhap  - given how - how he -“ “You thought I would not wee h to marry him? Or per’ap , you hoped?”  aid Fleur, her no tril  flaring. “What do I care how he look ? I am goodlooking enough for both of u , I theenk! All the e  car   how i  zat my hu band i  brave! And I  hall do zat!”  he added fiercely, pu hing Mr . Wea ley a ide and  natching the ointment from her. Mr . Wea ley fell back again t her hu band and watched Fleur mopping up Bill’  wound  with a mo t curiou  expre ion upon her face. Nobody  aid anything; Harry did not dare move. Like everybody el e, he wa  waiting for the explo ion. “Our GreatAuntie Muriel,”  aid Mr . Wea ley after a long pau e, “ha  a very beautiful tiara - goblinmade - which I am  ure I could per uade her to lend you for the wedding. She i  very fond of Bill, you know, and it would look lovely with your hair.” “Thank you,”  aid Fleur  tiffly. “I am  ure zat will be lovely.” And then, Harry did not quite  ee how it happened, both , women were crying and hugging each other. Completely bewildered, wondering whether the world had gone mad, he turned around: Ron looked a   tunned a  he felt and Ginny and Hermione were exchanging  tartled look . “You  ee!”  aid a  trained voice. Tonk  wa  glaring at Lupin. “She  till want  to marry him, even though he’  been bitten! She doe n’t care! “It’  different,”  aid Lupin, barely moving hi  lip  and looking  uddenly ten e. “Bill will not be a full werewolf. The ca e  are completely -“ “But I don’t care either, I don’t care!”  aid Tonk ,  eizing the front of Lupin’  robe  and  haking them. “I’ve told you a million time . . . .” And the meaning of Tonk ’  Patronu  and her mou ecolored hair, and the rea on  he had come running to find Dumbledore when  he had heard a rumor  omeone had been attacked by Greyback, all  uddenly became clear to Harry; it had not been Sinu  that Tonk  had fallen in love with after all. “And I’ve told you a million time ,”  aid Lupin, refu ing to meet her eye ,  taring at the floor, “that I am too old for you, too poor . . . too dangerou . . . .” “I’ve  aid all along you’re taking a ridiculou  line on thi , Remu ,”  aid Mr . Wea ley over Fleur’   houlder a   he patted her on the back. “I am not being ridiculou ,”  aid Lupin  teadily. “Tonk  de erve   omebody young and whole.” “But  he want  you,”  aid Mr. Wea ley, with a  mall  mile. “And after all, Remu , young and whole men do not nece arily remain  o.” He ge tured  adly at hi   on, lying between them. “Thi  i … not the moment to di cu  it,”  aid Lupin, avoiding everybody’  eye  a  he looked around di tractedly. “Dumbledore i  dead. …” “Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody to think that there wa  a little more love in the world,”  aid Profe or McGonagall curtly, ju t a  the ho pital door  opened again and Hagrid walked in. The little of hi  face that wa  not ob cured by hair or beard wa   oaking and  wollen; he wa   haking with tear , a va t,  potted handkerchief in hi  hand. “I’ve . . . I’ve done it, Profe or,” he choked. “Mmoved him. Profe or Sprout’  got the kid  back in bed. Profe or Flitwick’  lyin down, but he  ay  he’ll be all righ’ in a jiffy, an’ Profe or Slughorn  ay  the Mini try’  bin informed.” “Thank you, Hagrid,”  aid Profe or McGonagall,  tanding up at once and turning to look at the group around Bill’  bed. “I  hall have to  ee the Mini try when they get here. Hagrid, plea e tell the Head  of Hou e  - Slughorn can repre ent Slytherin - that I want to  ee them in my office forthwith. I would like you to join u  too.” A  Hagrid nodded, turned, and  huffled out of the room again,  he looked down at Harry. “Before I meet them I would like a quick word with you, Harry. If you’ll come with me. …” Harry  tood up, murmured “See you in a bit” to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, and followed Profe or McGonagall back down the ward. The corridor  out ide were de erted and the only  ound wa  the di tant phoenix  ong. It wa   everal minute  before Harry became aware that they were not heading for Profe or McGonagall’  office, but for Dumbledore’ , and another few  econd  before he realized that of cour e,  he had been deputy headmi tre , . . . Apparently  he wa  now headmi tre  …  o the room behind the gargoyle wa  now her . In  ilence they a cended the moving  piral  tairca e and entered the circular office. He did not know what he had expected: that the room would be draped in black, perhap , or even that Dumbledore’  body might be lying there. In fact, it looked almo t exactly a  it had done when he and Dumbledore had left it mere hour  previou ly: the  ilver in trument  whirring and puffing on their  pindle legged table , Gryffindor’   word in it  gla  ca e gleaming in the moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a  helf behind the de k, the Fawke ’  perch  tood empty, he wa   till crying hi  lament to the ground . And a new portrait had joined the rank  of the dead headma ter  and headmi tre e  of Hogwart : Dumbledore wa   lumbering in a golden frame over the de k, hi  halfmoon  pectacle perched upon hi  crooked no e, looking peaceful and untroubled. After glancing once at thi  portrait, Profe or McGonagall made an odd movement a  though  teeling her elf, then rounded the’ de k to look at Harry, her face taut and lined. “Harry,”  he  aid, “I would like to know what you and Profe or Dumbledore were doing thi  evening when you left the  chool.” “I can’t tell you that, Profe or,”  aid Harry. He had expected the que tion and had hi  an wer ready. It had been here, in thi  very room, that Dumbledore had told him that he wa  to confide the content  of their le on  to nobody but Ron and Hermione. “Harry, it might be important,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “It i ,”  aid Harry, “very, but he didn’t want me to tell anyone.” Profe or McGonagall glared at him. “Potter” - Harry regi tered the renewed u e of hi   urname - “in the light of Profe or Dumbledore’  death, I think you mu t  ee that the  ituation ha  changed  omewhat -“ “I don’t think  o,”  aid Harry,  hrugging. “Profe or Dumbledore never told me to  top following hi  order  if he died.” But - “There’  one thing you  hould know before the Mini try get  here, though. Madam Ro merta’  under the Imperiu  Cur e,  he wa  helping Malfoy and the Death Eater , that’  how the necklace and the poi oned mead -“ “Ro merta?”  aid Profe or McGonagall incredulou ly, but before  he could go on, there wa  a knock on the door behind them and Profe or  Sprout, Flitwick, and Slughorn traip ed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who wa   till weeping copiou ly, hi  huge frame trembling with grief. “Snape!” ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the mo t  haken, pale and  weating. “Snape! I taught him! I thought I knew him!” But before any of them could re pond to thi , a  harp voice  poke from high on the wall: A  allowfaced wizard with a  hort black fringe had ju t walked back into hi  empty canva . “Minerva, the Mini ter will be here within  econd , he ha  ju t Di apparated from the Mini try.” “Thank you, Everard,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, and  he turned quickly to her teacher . “I want to talk about what happen  to Hogwart  before he get  here,”  he  aid quickly. “Per onally, I am not convinced that the  chool  hould reopen next year. The death of the headma ter at the hand  of one of our colleague  i  a terrible  tain upon Hogwart ’  hi tory. It i  horrible.” “I am  ure Dumbledore would have wanted the  chool to remain open,”  aid Profe or Sprout. “I feel that if a  ingle pupil want  to come, then the  chool ought to remain open for that pupil.” “But will we have a  ingle pupil after thi ?”  aid Slughorn, now dabbing hi   weating brow with a  ilken handkerchief. “Parent  will want to keep their children at home and I can’t  ay I blame them. Per onally, I don’t think we’re in more danger at Hogwart  than we are anywhere el e, but you can’t expect mother  to think like that. They’ll want to keep their familie  together, it’  only natural.” “I agree,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “And in any ca e, it i  not true to  ay that Dumbledore never envi aged a  ituation in which Hogwart  might clo e. When the Chamber of Secret  reopened he con idered the clo ure of the  chool - and I mu t  ay that Profe or Dumbledore’  murder i  more di turbing to me than the idea of Slytherin’  mon ter living undetected in the bowel  of the ca tle. . . .” “We mu t con ult the governor ,”  aid Profe or Flitwick in hi   queaky little voice; he had a large brui e on hi  forehead but  eemed otherwi e un cathed by hi  collap e in Snape’  office. “We mu t follow the e tabli hed procedure . A deci ion  hould not be made ha tily.” “Hagrid, you haven’t  aid anything,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “What are your view , ought Hogwart  to remain open?” Hagrid, who had been weeping  ilently into hi  large,  potted handkerchief throughout thi  conver ation, now rai ed puffy red eye  and croaked, “I dunno, Profe or . . . that’  fer the Head  of Hou e an the headmi tre  ter decide …” “Profe or Dumbledore alway  valued your view ,”  aid Profe or McGonagall kindly, “and  o do I.” “Well, I’m  tayin,”  aid Hagrid, fat tear   till leaking out of the corner  of hi  eye  and trickling down into hi  tangled beard. “It’  me home, it’  bin me home  ince I wa  thirteen. An’ if there’  kid  who wan’ me ter teach ‘em, I’ll do it. But… I dunno … Hogwart  without Dumbledore .. .” He gulped and di appeared behind hi  handkerchief once more, and there wa   ilence. “Very well,”  aid Profe or McGonagall, glancing out of the window at the ground , checking to  ee whether the Mini ter wa  yet approaching, “then I mu t agree with Filiu  that the right thing to do i  to con ult the governor , who will make the final deci ion. “Now, a  to getting  tudent  home . . . there i  an argument for doing it  ooner rather than later. We could arrange for the Hogwart  Expre  to come tomorrow if nece ary -“ “What about Dumbledore’  funeral?”  aid Harry,  peaking at la t. “Well. . .”  aid Profe or McGonagall, lo ing a little of her bri kne  a  her voice  hook. “I - I know that it wa  Dumbledore’  wi h to be laid to re t here, at Hogwart  -“ “Then that’  what’ll happen, i n’t it?”  aid Harry fiercely. “If the Mini try think  it appropriate,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “No other headma ter or headmi tre  ha  ever been -“ “No other headma ter or headmi tre  ever gave more to thi   chool,” growled Hagrid. “Hogwart   hould be Dumbledore’  final re ting place,”  aid Profe or Flitwick. “Ab olutely,”  aid Profe or Sprout. “And in that ca e,”  aid Harry, “you  houldn’t  end the  tudent  home until the jfuneral’  over. They’ll want to  ay -“ The la t word caught in hi  throat, but Profe or Sprout completed the  entence for him. “Goodbye.” “Well  aid,”  queaked Profe or Flitwick. “Well  aid indeed! Our  tudent   hould pay tribute, it i  fitting. We can arrange tran port home afterward.” “Seconded,” barked Profe or Sprout. ] “I  uppo e … ye  .. .”  aid Slughorn in a rather agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a  trangled  ob of a ent. “He’  coming,”  aid Profe or McGonagall  uddenly, gazing down into the ground . “The Mini ter . . . and by the look  of it. he’  brought a delegation . . .” “Can I leave, Profe or?”  aid Harry at once. He had no de ire at all to  ee, or be interrogated by, Rufu  Scrimgeour tonight. “You may,”  aid Profe or McGonagall. “And quickly.” She  trode toward the door and held it open for him. He  ped down the  piral  tairca e and off along the de erted corridor; hehad left hi  Invi ibility Cloak at the top of the A tronomy Tower, but it did not matter; there wa  nobody in the corridor  to  ee him pa , not even Filch, Mr . Norri , or Peeve . He did not meet another  oul until he turned into the pa age leading to the Gryffindor common room. “I  it true?” whi pered the Fat Lady a  he approached her. “It i  really true? Dumbledore - dead?” “Ye ,”  aid Harry. She let out a wail and, without waiting for the pa word,  wung forward to admit him. A  Harry had  u pected it would be, the common room wa  jampacked. The room fell  ilent a  he climbed through the portrait hole. He  aw Dean and Seamu   itting in a group nearby: Thi  meant that the dormitory mu t be empty, or nearly  o. Without  peaking to anybody, without making eye contact at all, Harry walked  traight acro  the room and through the door to the boy ’ dormitorie . A  he had hoped, Ron wa  waiting for him,  till fully dre ed,  itting on hi  bed. Harry  at down on hi  own fourpo ter and for a moment, they  imply  tared at each other. “They’re talking about clo ing the  chool,”  aid Harry. “Lupin  aid they would,”  aid Ron. There wa  a pau e. “So?”  aid Ron in a very low voice, a  though he thought the furniture might be li tening in. “Did you find one? Did you get it? A - a Horcrux?” Harry  hook hi  head. All that had taken place around that black lake  eemed like an old nightmare now; had it really happened, and only hour  ago? “You didn’t get it?”  aid Ron, looking cre tfallen. “It wa n’t there?” “No,”  aid Harry. “Someone had already taken it and left a fake in it  place.” “Already taken - ?” Wordle ly, Harry pulled the fake locket from hi  pocket, opened it, and pa ed it to Ron. The full  tory could wait. … It did not matter tonight. . . nothing mattered except the end, the end of their pointle  adventure, the end of Dumbledore’  life. . . . “R.A.B.,” whi pered Ron, “but who wa  that?” “Dunno,”  aid Harry, lying back on hi  bed fully clothed and  taring blankly upward . He felt no curio ity at all about R.A.B.: He doubted that he would ever feel curiou  again. A  he lay there, he became aware  uddenly that the ground  were  ilent. Fawke  had  topped  inging. And he knew, without knowing how he knew it, that ilie phoenix had gone, had left Hogwart  for good, ju t a  Dumbledore had left the  chool, had left the world . . . had left Harry. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Chapter 30: The White Tomb All le on  were  u pended, all examination  po tponed. Some  tudent  were hurried away from Hogwart  by their parent  over the next couple of day  - the Patil twin  were gone before breakfa t on the morning following Dumbledore’  death and Zacharia  Smith wa  e corted from the ca tle by hi  haughtylooking father. Seamu  Finnigan, on the other hand, refu ed pointblank to accompany hi  mother home; they had a  houting match in the Entrance Hall which wa  re olved when  he agreed that he could remain behind for the funeral. She had difficulty in finding a bed in Hog meade, Seamu  told Harry and Ron, for wizard  and witche  were pouring into the village, preparing to pay their la t re pect  to Durnbledore. Some excitement wa  cau ed among the younger  tudent , who had never  een it before, when a powderblue carriage the  ize of a hou e, pulled by a dozen giant winged palomino , came  oaring out of the  ky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the edge of the Fore t. Harry watched from a window a  a gigantic and hand ome olive kinned, blackhaired woman de cended the carriage  tep  and threw her elf into the waiting Hagrid’  arm . Meanwhile a delegation of Mini try official , including the Mini ter for Magic him elf, wa  being accommodated within the ca tle. Harry wa  diligently avoiding contact with any of them; he wa   ure that,  ooner or later, he would be a ked again to account for Dumbledore’  la t excur ion from Hogwart . Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were  pending all of their time together. The beautiful weather  eemed to mock them; Harry could imagine how it would have been if Durnbledore had not died, and they had had thi  time together at the very end of the year, Ginny’  examination  fini hed, the pre ure of homework lifted … and hour by hour, he put off  aying the thing that he knew he mu t  ay, doing what he knew it wa  right to do, becau e it wa  too hard to forgo hi  be t  ource of comfort. They vi ited the ho pital wing twice a day: Neville had been di charged, but Bill remained under Madam Pomfrey’  care. Hi   car  were a  bad a  ever; in truth, he now bore a di tinct re emblance to MadEye Moody, though thankfully with both eye  and leg , but in per onality he  eemed ju i the  ame a  ever. All that appeared to have changed wa  that he now had a great liking for very rare  teak . ‘…  o eet ee  lucky ‘e i  marrying me,’  aid Fleur happily, plumping up Bill’  pillow , ‘becau e ze Briti h overcook their meat, I ‘ave alway   aid thi .’ ‘I  uppo e I’m ju t going to have to accept that he really i  going to marry her,’  ighed Ginny later that evening, a   he, Harry, Ron and Hermione  at be ide the open window of the Gryffindor common room, looking out over the twilit ground , ‘She’  not that bad,’  aid Harry. ‘Ugly, though,’ he added ha tily, a  Ginny rai ed her eyebrow , and  he let out a reluctant giggle. ‘Well, I  uppo e if Mum can  tand it, 1 can.’ ‘Anyone el e we know died?’ Ron a ked Hermione, who wa  peru ing the Evening Prophet. Hermione winced at the forced toughne  in hi  voice. ‘No,’  he  aid reprovingly, folding up ihe new paper. ‘They’re  till looking for Snape, but no  ign …’ ‘Of cour e there i n’t,’  aid Harry, who became angry every lime thi   ubject cropped up. They won’t find Snape till they find Voldemort, and  eeing a  they’ve never managed to do that in all thi  time …’ ‘I’m going to go to bed,’ yawned Ginny. ‘I haven’t been  leeping thai well  ince … well … I could do with  ome  leep.’ She ki ed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved al the other two and departed for the girl ’ dormitorie . The moment the door had clo ed behind her, Hermione leaned forward  toward  Harry with a mo t Hermionei h look on her face. ‘Harry, I found  omething ou( thi  morning, in the library ..,’ ‘R.A.B.?’  aid Harry,  illing up  traight. He did not feel the way he had  o often felt before, excited, curiou , burning to get to the bottom of a my tery; he  imply knew that the ta k of di covering the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed before he could move a little further along the dark and winding path  tretching ahead of him, the path that he and Dumbledore had  et out upon together, and which he now knew he would have to journey alone. There might  till be a  many a  four Horcruxe  out there  omewhere and each would need to be found and eliminated before there wa  even a po ibility that Voldemort could be killed. He kept reciting their name  to him elf, a  though by li ting them he could bring them within reach: ‘the locket .., the cup … the  nake …  omething of Gryffindor’  or Ravenclaw’  … the locket … the cup … the  nake …  omething of Gryffindor’  or Ravenclaw’  …’ Thi  mantra  eemed to pul e through Harry’  mind a  he fell a leep at night, and hi  dream  were thick with cup , locket  and my teriou  object  that he could not quite reach, though Dumbledore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to  nake  the moment he began to climb … He had  hown Hermione the note in ide the locket the morning after Dumbledore’  death, and although  he had not immediately recogni ed the initial  a  belonging to  ome ob cure wizard about whom  he had been reading,  he had  ince been ru hing off to the library a little more often than wa   trictly nece ary for  omebody who had no homework to do. ‘No,’  he  aid  adly, ‘I’ve been trying, Harry, but I haven’t found anything … there are a couple of rea onably wellknown wizard  with tho e initial  - Ro alind Antigone Bung  … Rupert “Axebanger” Brook tanton … but they don’t  eem to fit at all. Judging by that note, the per on who  tole the Horcrux knew Voldemort, and I can’t find a  hred of evidence that Bung  or Axebanger ever had anything to do with him … no, actually, it’  about … well, Snape.’ She looked nervou  even  aying the name again. ‘What about him?’ a ked Harry heavily,  lumping back in hi  chair. ‘Well, it’  ju t that I wa   ort of right about the HalfBlood Prince bu ine ,’  he  aid tentatively. ‘D’you have to rub it in, Hermione? How tTyou think 1 feel about that now?’ ‘No - no - Harry, I didn’t mean that!’  he  aid ha tily, looking around to check that they were not being overheard. ‘It’  ju t that 1 wa  right about Eileen Prince once owning the book. You  ee …  he wa  Snape’  mother!’ T thought  he wa n’t much of a looker,’  aid Ron. Hermione ignored him. ‘1 wa  going through ihe re t of the old Prophet  and there wa  a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marrying a man called Tobia  Snape, and then later an announcement  aying that  he’d given birth to a -’ ‘- murderer,’  pat Harry. ‘Well … ye ,’  aid Hermione. ‘So … 1 wa   ort of right. Snape mu t have been proud of being “half a Prince”, you  ee? Tobia  Snape wa  a Muggie from what it  aid in the Prophet’ ‘Yeah, that fit ,’  aid Harry. ‘He’d play up the pureblood  ide  o he could get in with Luciu  Malfoy and the re t of them … he’  ju t like Voldemort. Pureblood mother, Muggie father … a hamed of hi  parentage, trying to make him elf feared u ing the Dark Art , gave him elf an impre ive new name - Lard Voldemort - the HalfBlood Prince - how could Dumbledore have mi ed -?’ He broke off, looking out of the window. He could not  top him elf dwelling upon Dumbledore’  inexcu able tru t in Snape … but a  Hermione had ju t inadvertently reminded him, he, Harry, had been taken in ju t the  ame … in  pite of the increa ing na tine  of tho e  cribbled  pell , he had refu ed to believe ill of the boy who had been  o clever, who had helped him  o much … Helped him … it wa  an almo t unendurable thought, now … ‘I  till don’t get why he didn’t turn you in for u ing that book,’  aid Ron. ‘He mu t’ve known where you were getting it ali from.’ ‘He knew,’  aid Harry bitterly. ‘He knew when I u ed Secfum empra. He didn’t really need Legilimency … he might even have known before then, with Slughom talking about how brilliant I wa  at Potion  …  houldn’t have left hi  old book in the bottom of that cupboard,  hould he?’ ‘But why didn’t he turn you in?’ ‘I don’t ihink he wanted to a ociate him elf with that book,’  aid Hermione. ‘I don’t think Dumbledore would have liked it very much if he’d known. And even if Snape pretended it hadn’t been hi , Slughom would have recogni ed hi  writing at once. Anyway, the book wa  left in Snape’  old cla room, and I’ll bet Dumbledore knew hi  mother wa  called “Prince”.’ T  hould’ve  hown the book to Dumbledore,’  aid Harry. ‘All that lime he wa   howing me how Voldemort wa  evil even when he wa  at  chool, and 1 had proof Snape wa , too -’ ‘”Evil” i  a  trong word,’  aid Hermione quietly. ‘You were the one who kept telling me the book wa  dangerou !’ ‘I’m trying to  ay, Harry, that you’re pulling too much blame on your elf. 1 thought the Prince  eemed to have a na ty  en e of humour, but I would never have gue ed he wa  a potential killer …’ ‘None of u  could’ve gue ed Snape would … you know,’  aid Ron. Silence fell between them, each of them lo t in their own thought , but Harry wa   ure that they, like him, were thinking about the following morning, when Dumbledore’  body would be laid to re t. Harry had never attended a funeral before; there had been no body to bury when Siriu  had died. He did not know what to expect and wa  a little worried about what he might  ee, about how he would feel. He wondered whether Dumbledore’  death would be more real to him once the funeral wa  over. Though he had moment  when the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm him, there were blank  tretche  of numbne  where, de pite the fact that nobody wa  talking about anything el e in the whole ca tle, he  till found it difficult 10 believe that Dumbledore had really gone. Admittedly he had not, a  he had with Siriu , looked de perately for  ome kind of loophole,  ome way that Dumbledore would come back … he felt in hi  pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which he now carried with him everywhere, not a  a tali man, but a  a reminder of what it had co t and what remained  till to do. Harry ro e early to pack the next day; the Hogwart  Expre  would be leaving an hour after the funeral. Down tair  he found the mood in the Great Hall  ubdued. Everybody wa  wearing their dre  robe  and no one  eemed very hungry. Profe or McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle of the  taff table empty. Hagrid’  chair wa  de erted too: Harry thought thai perhap  he had not been able to face breakfa t; but Snape’  place had been unceremoniou ly filled by Rufu  Scrimgeour. Harry avoided hi  yellowi h eye  a  they  canned the Hall; Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour wa  looking for him. Among Scrimgeour’  entourage Harry  potted the red hair and hornrimmed gla e  of Percy Wea ley. Ron gave no  ign that he wa  aware of Percy, apart from  tabbing piece  of kipper with unwonted venom. Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were mutter ing together. Hulking boy  though they were, they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of Malfoy between them, bo ing them around. Harry had not  pared Malfoy much thought. Hi  animo ity wa  all for Snape, but he had not forgotten the fear in Malfoy’  voice on that Tower top, nor the fact that he had lowered hi  wand before the other Death Eater  arrived. Harry did not believe that Malfoy would have killed Dumbledore. He de pi ed Malfoy  till for hi  infatu ation with the Dark Art , but now the tinie t drop of pity mingled with hi  di like. Where, Harry wondered, wa  Malfoy now, and what wa  Voldemort making him do under threat of killing him and hi  parent ? ? •••>. Harry’  thought  were interrupted by a nudge in the rib  from Ginny. Profe or McGonagall had ri en to her feet and the mournful hum in the Hall died away at once. ‘It i  nearly time,’  he  aid. ‘Plea e follow your Head  of Hou e out into the ground . Gryffindor , after me.’ They filed out from behind their benche  in near  ilence. Harry glimp ed Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column, wearing magnificent long emeraldgreen robe  embroidered with  ilver. He had never  een Profe or Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuff , looking  o clean; there wa  not a  ingle patch on her hat, and when they reached the Entrance Hall, they found Madam Pince  tanding be ide Filch,  he in a thick black veil that fell to her knee , he in an ancient black  uit and tie reeking of mothbail . They were heading, a  Harry  aw when he  tepped out on to the  tone  tep  from the front door , toward  the lake. The warmth of the  un care ed hi  face a  they followed Profe or McGonagall in  ilence to the place where hundred  of chair  had been  et out in row . An ai le ran down the centre of them: there wa  a marble table  tanding at the front, all chair  facing it. It wa  the mo t beautiful  ummer’  day. An extraordinary a ortment of people had already  ettled into half of the chair :  habby and  mart, old and young. Mo t Harry did not recogni e, but there were a few that he did, including member  of the Order of the Phoenix: King ley Shacklebolt, MadEye Moody, Tonk , her hair miraculou ly returned to vivide t pink, Remu  Lupin, with whom  he  eemed to be holding hand , Mr and Mr  Wea ley, Bill  upported by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were wearing jacket  of black dragon kin. Then there wa  Madame Maxime, who took up twoandahalf chair  on her own, Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron, Arabella Figg, Harry’  Squib neighbour, the hairy ba  player from the wizardmg group the Weird bi ter , hrnie Frang, dnver ol the Knight Bu , Madam Malkin, of the robe  hop in Diagon Alley, and  ome people whom Harry merely knew by  ight,  uch a  the barman of the Hog’  Head and the witch who pu hed the trolley on the Hogwart  Expre . The ca tle gho t  were there too, barely vi ible in the bright  unlight, di cernible only when they moved,  himmering in ub tantially in the gleaming air. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny filed into  eat  at the end of a row be ide the lake. People were whi pering to each other; it  ounded like a breeze in the gra , but the bird ong wa  louder by far. The crowd continued to  well; with a great ru h of affection for both of them, Harry  aw Neville being helped into a  eat by Luna. They alone of all the DA had re ponded to Hermione’   ummon  the night that Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew why: they were the one  who had mi ed the DA mo t … probably the one  who had checked their coin  regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting … Corneliu  Fudge walked pa t them toward  the front row , hi  expre ion mi erable, twirling hi  green bowler hat a  u ual; Harry next recogni ed Rita Skeeter, who, he wa  infuriated to  ee, had a notebook clutched in her redtakmed hand; and then, with a wor e jolt of fury, Dolore  Umbridge, an unconvincing expre ion of grief upon her toadlike face, a black velvet bow  et atop her ironcoloured curl . At the  ight of the centaur Firenze, who wa   tanding like a  entinel near the water’  edge,  he gave a  tart and  curried ha tily into a  eat a good di tance away. The  taff were  eated at la t. Harry could  ee Scrimgeour looking grave and dignified in the front row with Profe or McGonagall. He wondered whether Scrimgeour or any of the e important people were really  orry that Dumbledore wa and he forgot hi  di like of the Mini try in looking around for the  ource of it. He wa  not the only one: many head  were turning,  earching, a little alarmed. ‘In there,’ whi pered Ginny in Harry’  ear. And he  aw them in the clear green  unlit water, inche  below the  urface, reminding him horribly of the Inferi; a choru  of merpeople  inging in a  trange language he did not under tand, their pallid face  rippling, their purpli h hair flowing all around them. The mu ic made the hair on Harry’  neck  tand up and yet it wa  not unplea ant. It  poke very clearly of lo  and of de pair. A  he looked down into the wild face  of the  inger  he had the feeling that they, at lea t, were  orry for Dumbledore’  pa ing. Then Ginny nudged him again and he looked round. Hagrid wa  walking  lowly up the ai le between the chair . He wa  crying quite  ilently, hi  face gleaming with tear , and in hi  arm , wrapped in purple velvet  pangled with golden  tar , wa  what Harry knew to be Dumbledore’  body. A  harp pain ro e in Harry’  throat at thi   ight: for a moment, the  trange mu ic and the knowledge that Dumbledore’  body wa   o clo e  eemed to take all warmth from the day. Ron looked white and  hocked. Tear  were falling thick and fa t into both Ginny and Hermione’  lap . They could not  ee clearly what wa  happening at the front. Hagrid  eemed to have placed the body carefully upon the table. Now he retreated down the ai le, blowing hi  no e with loud trumpeting noi e  that drew  candali ed look  from  ome, including, Harry  aw, Dolore  Umbridge … but Harry knew that Dumbledore would not have cared. He tried to make a friendly ge ture to Hagrid a  he pa ed, but Hagrid’  eye  were  o  wollen it wa  a wonder he could  ee where he wa  going. Harry glanced at the back row to which Hagrid wa  heading and reali ed what wa  guiding him, for there, dre ed in a jacket and trou er  each the  ize of a  mall marquee, wa  the giant Grawp, hi  great ugly boulderlike head bowed, docile, almo t human. Hagrid  at down next to hi  halfbrother and Grawp palled Hagrid hard on the head,  o that hi  chair leg   ank into the ground. Harry had a wonderful momentary urge to laugh. But then the mu ic  topped and he turned to face the front again. A little tuftyhaired man in plain black robe  had got to hi  feet and  tood now in front of Dumbledore’  body. Harry could not hear what he wa   aying. Odd word  floated back to them over the hundred  of bead . ‘Nobility of  pirit’ … ‘intellectual contribution’ … ‘greatne  of heart’ … it did not mean very much. It had little to do with Dumbledore a  Harry had known him. He  uddenly remembered Dumbledore’  idea of a few word : ‘nitwit’, ‘oddment’, ‘blubber’ and ‘tweak 1, and again, had to  uppre  a grin … what wa  the matter with him? There wa  a  oft  pla hing noi e to hi  left and he  aw that the merpeople had broken the  urface to li ten, too. He remembered Dumbledore crouching at the water’  edge two year  ago, very clo e to where Harry now  at, and conver ing in Mermi h with the Merchieftaine . Harry wondered where Dumbledore had learned Mermi h. There wa   o much he had never a ked him,  o much he  hould have  aid … And then, without warning, it  wept over him, the dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than it had until now. Dumbledore wa  dead, gone … he clutched the cold locket in hi  hand  o tightly that it hurt, but he could not prevent hot tear   pilling from hi  eye : he looked away from Ginny and the other  and  tared out over the lake, toward  the Fore t, a  the little man in black droned on … there wa  movement among the tree . The centaur  had come to pay their re pect , too. They did not move into the open but Harry  aw them  tanding quite  till, halfhidden in  hadow, watching the wizard , their bow  hanging at their  ide . And Harry remembered hi  fir t nightmari h trip into the Fore t, the fir t time he had ever encountered the thing that wa  then Voldemort, and how he had faced him, and how he and Dumbledore had di cu ed fighting a lo ing battle not long thereafter. It wa  important, Dumbledore  aid, to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated … And Harry  aw very clearly a  be  al there under the hot  un bow people who cared about him had  tood in front of him one by one, hi  mother, hi  father, hi  godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to protect him; but now that wa  over. He could not let anybody el e  tand between him and Voldemort; he mu t abandon for ever the illu ion he ought to have lo t at the age of one: that the  helter of a parent’  arm  meant that nothing could hurt him. There wa  no waking from hi  nightmare, no comforting whi per in the dark that he wa   afe really, that it wa  all in hi  imagination; the la t and greate t of hi  proteclor  had died and he wa  more alone than he had ever been before. The little man in black had  topped  peaking at la t and re umed hi   eat. Harry waited for  omebody el e to get to their feet; he expected  peeche , probably from the Mini ter, but nobody moved. Then  everal people  creamed. Bright, white flame  had erupted around Dumbledore’  body and the table upon which it lay: higher and higher they ro e, ob curing the body. White  moke  piralled into the air and made  trange  hape : Harry thought, for one heart topping moment, that he  aw a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue, but next  econd the fire had vani hed. In it  place wa  a white marble tomb, enca ing Dumbledore’  body and the table on which he had re ted. There were a few more crie  of  hock a  a  hower of arrow   oared through the air, but they fell far  hort of the crowd. It wa , Harry knew, the centaur ’ tribute: he  aw them turn tail and di appear back into the cool tree . Likewi e the merpeople  ank  lowly back into the green water and were lo t from view. Harry looked ai Ginny, Ron and Hermione: Ron’  face wa   crewed up a  though the  unlight wa  blinding him. Hermione’  face wa  glazed with tear , but Ginny wa  no longer crying. She met Harry’  gaze with the  ame hard, blazing look that he had  een when  he had hugged him after winning the Quidditch Cup in hi  ab ence, and he knew that at that moment they under tood each other perfectly, and that when he told her what he wa  going to do now,  he would not  ay ‘Be careful’, or ‘Don’t do it’, but accept hi  deci ion, becau e  he would not have expected anything le  of him. And  o he  teeled him elf to  ay what he had known he mu t  ay ever  ince Dumbledore had died. ‘Ginny, li ten …’ he  aid very quietly, a  the buzz of conver ation grew louder around them and people began to get to their feet. ‘I can’t be involved with you any more. We’ve got to  top  eeing each other. We can’t be together.’ She  aid, with an oddly twi ted  mile, ‘It’  for  ome  tupid, noble rea on, i n’t it?’ ‘It’  been like … like  omething out of  omeone el e’  life, the e la t few week  with you,’  aid Harry. ‘But 1 can’t … we can’t … I’ve got thing  to do alone now.’ She did not cry,  he  imply looked at him, ‘Voldemort u e  people hi  enemie  are clo e to. He’  already u ed you a  bait once, and that wa  ju t becau e you’re my be t friend’   i ter. Think how much danger you’ll be in if we keep thi  up. He’ll know, he’ll find out. He’ll try and get to me through you.’ ‘What if I don’t care?’  aid Ginny fiercely. ‘I care,’  aid Harry. ‘How do you think I’d feel if thi  wa  your funeral … and it wa  my fault …’ She looked away from him, over the lake. T never really gave up on you,’  he  aid. ‘Not really. I alway  hoped … Hermione told me to get on with life, maybe go out with  ome other people, relax a bit around you, becau e I never u ed to be able to talk if you were in the room, remember? And  he thought you might take a bit more notice if I wa  a bit more - my elf.’ ‘Smart girl, that Hermione,’  aid Harry, trying to  mile. ‘I ju t wi h I’d a ked you  ooner. We coukTve had age  … month  … year  maybe …’ ‘But you’ve been too bu y  aving the wizarding world,’  aid Ginny, halflaughing. ‘Well … I can’t  ay I’m  urpri ed. I knew thi  would happen in the end. I knew you wouldn’t be happy unle  you were hunting Voldemort. Maybe that’  why I like you  o much.’ Harry could not bear to hear the e thing , nor did he think hi  re olution would hold if he remained  itting be ide her. Ron, he  aw, wa  now holding Hermione and  troking her hair while  he  obbed into hi   houlder, tear  dripping from the end of hi  own long no e. With a mi erable ge ture, Harry got up, turned hi  back on Ginny and on Dumbledore’  tomb and walked away around the lake. Moving felt much more bearable than  itting  till: ju t a   etting out a   oon a  po ible to track down the Horcruxe  and kill Voldemort would feel better than waiting to do it … ‘Harry!’ He turned. Rufu  Scrimgeour wa  limping rapidly toward  him around the bank, leaning on hi  walking  tick. ‘I’ve been hoping to have a word … do you mind if I walk a little way with you?’ ‘No,’  aid Harry indifferently, and  et off again. ‘Harry, thi  wa  a dreadful tragedy,’  aid Scrimgeour quietly, ‘I cannot tell you how appalled I wa  to hear of it. Dumbledore wa  a very great wizard. We had our di agreement , a  you know, but no one know  better than 1 -’ •What do you want?’ a ked Harry flatly. Scrimgeour looked annoyed but, a  before, ha tily modified hi  expre ion to one of  orrowful under tanding. ‘You are, of cour e, deva tated,’ he  aid. ‘I know that you were very clo e to Dumbledore. I think you may have been hi  favourite ever pupil. The bond between the two of you -’ ‘What do you want?’ Harry repeated, coming to a halt. Scrimgeour  topped too, leaned on hi   tick and  tared at Harry, hi  expre ion  hrewd now. ‘The word i  that you were with him when he left the  chool the night that he died.’ ‘Who e word?’  aid Harry. ‘Somebody Stupefied a Death Eater on top of the Tower after Dumbledore died. There were al o two broom tick  up there. The Mini try can add two and two, Harry.’ ‘Glad to hear it,’  aid Harry. ‘Well, where I went with Dumbledore and what we did i  my bu ine . He didn’t want people to know.’ ‘Such loyalty i  admirable, of cour e,’  aid Scrimgeour, who  eemed to be re training hi  irritation with difficulty, ‘bul Dumbledore i  gone, Harry. He’  gone.’ ‘He will only be gone from the  chool when none here are loyal to him,’  aid Harry,  miling in  pite of him elf. ‘My dear boy … even Dumbledore cannot return from the-’ ‘I am not  aying he can. You wouldn’t under tand. But I’ve got nothing to tell you.’ Scrimgeour he itated, then  aid, in what wa  evidently  uppo ed to be a tone of delicacy, The Mini try can offer you all  ort  of protection, you know, Harry. I would be delighted to place a couple of my Auror  at your  ervice -’ Harry laughed. ‘Voldemort want  to kill me him elf and Auror  won’t  top him. So thank  for the offer, but no thank .’ ‘So,’  aid Scrimgeour, hi  voice cold now, ‘the reque t 1 made of you at Chri tma  -’ ‘What reque t? Oh yeah … the one where I tell the world what a great job you’re doing in exchange for —’ ‘- for rai ing everyone’  morale!’  napped Scrimgeour. Harry con idered him for a moment. ‘Relea ed Stan Shunpike yet?’ Scrimgeour turned a na ty purple colour highly remini cent of Uncle Vernon. ‘1  ee you are -’ ‘Dumbledore’  man through and through,’  aid Harry. ‘That’  right.’ Scrimgeour glared at him for another moment, then turned and limped away without another word. Harry could  ee Percy and the re t of the Mini try delegation waiting for him, ca ting nervou  glance  at the  obbing Hagrid and Grawp, who were  till in their  eat . Ron and Hermione were hurrying toward  Harry, pa ing Scrimgeour going in the oppo ite direction; Harry turned and walked  lowly on, waiting for them to catch up, which they finally did in the  hade of a beech tree under which they had  at in happier time . “What did Scrimgeour want?’ Hermione whi pered. ‘Same a  he wanted at Chri tma ,’  hrugged Harry. ‘Wanted me to give him in ide information on Dumbledore and be the Mini try’  new po ter boy.’ Ron  eemed to  truggle with him elf for a moment, then he  aid loudly to Hermione, ‘Look, let me go back and hit Percy!’ ‘No,’  he  aid firmly, grabbing hi  arm. ‘It’ll make me feel better!’ Harry laughed. Even Hermione grinned a little, though her  mile faded a   he looked up at the ca tle. ‘I can’t bear the idea that we might never come back.’  he  aid  oftly. ‘How can Hogwart  clo e?’ ‘Maybe it won’t,’  aid Ron. ‘We’re not in any more danger here than we are at home, are we? Everywhere’  the  ame now. I’d even  ay Hogwart  i   afer, there are more wizard  in ide to defend the place. What d’you reckon, Harry?’ ‘I’m not coming back even if it doe  reopen,’  aid Harry. Ron gaped at him, but Hermione  aid  adly, ‘I knew you were going to  ay that. But then what will you do? 1 ‘I’m going back to the Dur ley ’ once more, becau e Dumbledore wanted me to,’  aid Harry. ‘But it’ll be a  hort vi it, and then I’ll be gone for good.’ ‘But where will you go if you don’t come back to  chool?’ ‘I thought I might go back to Godric’  Hollow,’ Harry muttered. He had had the idea in hi  head ever  ince the night of Dumbledore’  death. ‘For me, it  tarted there, all of it. I’ve ju t got a feeling I need to go there. And I can vi it my parent ’ grave , I’d like that.’ ‘And then what?’  aid Ron. Then I’ve got to track down the re t of the Horcruxe , haven’t I?’  aid Harry, hi  eye  upon Dumbledore’  white tomb, reflected in the water on the other  ide of the lake. That’  what he wanted me to do, that’  why he told me all about them. If Dumbledore wa  right - and I’m  ure he wa  -there are  till four of them out there. I’ve got to find them and de troy them and then I’ve got to go after the  eventh bit of Voldemort’   oul, the bit that’   till in hi  body, and I’m the one who’  going to kill him. And if I meet Severu  Snape along the way,’ he added, ’ o much trie better tor me,  o mucn the wor e for him.’ There wa  a long  ilence. The crowd had almo t di per ed now, the  traggler  giving the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth a  he cuddled Hagrid, who e howl  of grief were  till echoing acro  the water. ‘We’ll be there, Harry,’  aid Ron. ‘What?’ At your aunt and uncle’  hou e,’  aid Ron. ‘And then we’ll go with you, wherever you’re going.’ ‘No -’  aid Harry quickly; he had not counted on thi , he had meant them to under tand that he wa  undertaking thi  mo t dangerou  journey alone. ‘You  aid to u  once before,’  aid Hermione quietly, ‘that there wa  time to turn back if we wanted to. We’ve had time, haven’t we?’ ‘We’re with you whatever happen ,’  aid Ron. ‘But, mate, you’re going to have to come round my mum and dad’  hou e before we do anything el e, even Godric’  Hollow.’ ‘Why?’ ‘Bill and Fleur’  wedding, remember?’ Harry looked at him,  tartled; the idea that anything a  normal a  a wedding could  till exi t  eemed incredible and yet wonderful. ‘Yeah, we  houldn’t mi  that,’ he  aid finally. Hi  hand clo ed automatically around the fake Horcrux, but in  pite of everything, in  pite of the dark and twi ting path he  aw  tretching ahead for him elf, in  pite of the final meeting with Voldemort he knew mu t come, whether in a month, in a year, or in ten, he felt hi  heart lift at the thought that there wa   till one la t golden day of peace left to enjoy with Ron and Hermione. 